review,rating
"This is best thing you can get at this price from a reputed brand with Made in India tag. First time I ordered on the first day of online launch and am happy. I'm writing after few days of usage, but this should not be different as my experience with Samsung has been most consistent as compared to other mobile brands I've used earlier.Good:- Android 10! Beautiful looks! Finally I can delete SMS from notification now!!- Display is excellent with Blue light filter.- Performance is good. No heating or lagging. Real Racing worked fine.- 6000 Mah battery is BIG- 128 GB storage is pretty good. 512 GB card supported with dedicated external card slot.- Both dedicated sim slots support LTE- Fast charging and 15W charger top with phone. The phone came with 0% charge. Charged fast.- Mobile speakers sound is good, but I prefer external speakers for better bass in music.- Camera is really good. Macro performance is very good - look at skin in tatoo photo and dust perticles in deskphone photo!! (photos of M31 are from other phone). Both front and rear camera support FHD video 3840x2160. I may not require to carry my DSLR everyehere.- Face unlock / figure-print sensor response is good- Received next day by 11 AM !Not So Good:- Not that thin, but ok.- Doesn't have Samsung Dex- Started to Boot Screen!! Gave me a little shock but selected reboot option and then every thing was smooth. An Android Updated (other than many application updates which is normal in any case) appeared on within days of launch. But update was smooth. No issue at all.- Feels delicate in hand but a Rs.49 cover was good enough. Wrongly ordered black while the set is blue. Just 49 so will reorder the blue one as well :)- Called Samsung Store, but no information with them about availability date. Still no call from them.Feedback- Feels good in hand and in use. It is a powerhouse and you feel it.- Will update after few days of use, but don't have any doubt as of now.Go for it without any doubt.",5.0
"Best camera, very good battery life, eat body material, average weight, best performance,  best display.",5.0
3rd class front camera. 32 MP front camera n looks like 2mp front camera. In very disappointed  with this kind of front camera. Need refund.,1.0
"Lets just begin with the obvious. This phone's quality doesn't meet the claims made.Cons:1. Camera Quality: Picture quality is just awful. Its worse than a 8MP camera. The pixelization is obvious and it is definitely not a 64MP camera. Do not believe the claims Samsung might make. The quad camera is of no use as the macro camera reminds me of the decade when VGA cameras were common.2. Battery: Samsung may claim the battery will last for two days but it didnt last that long - no Netflix, Prime Video, heavy games being used. So that makes two of the biggest features useless.3. Amazon's Policy: In case you don't like the phone, Amazon has made sure you are stuck with it. The switch from 10 day ""return"" policy to 10 day ""replacement"" policy is dowright wrong! Hold onto the shutters physical mobile stores - your days are not over yet. When you do request for replacement, there is an inspection of the phone at buyer's site - which I understand but the fact that replacement will occur almost on the 10th day from my purchase still keeps me at unease.Pros:1. Display: The screen quality is good and has adjustment options for warm light and cold light.2. Performance: Streaming videos and playing heavy games was smooth for the first 4 days but then again Samsung is known for fast deterioration of performance, so I will keep my eyes and ears open.3. Sound: Speaker quality is okay but not upto the mark. In a noisy place you fail to hear the crispness and the boom.",1.0
"The phone was wrapped in dust. Although it was seal packed, still many dust were on screen and back side. It shows security concerns and Amazon, Samsung and seller must draw its attention. How dust can be reached in seal packed box? Now I'm lacking trust in Amazon,Samsung and seller. Either my phone was used or its components might have replaced, as in brand new phone,there exists no dusts because they are built in factory, but here shows how they are playing with the customer and their product.Phone is nice, large battery backup of more than 2 days, 6.4 display is big, camera is perfect and 6GB ram is enough for daily usage. All things are good. No heating issue.However my only concern is ""dust"" and how it came there if its brand new.So I could give 5 star,but now 1 is enough.Beware of Amazon,Samsung and seller.",1.0
"I am using it from 3 days , 6000 mah battery is just for name only, it work for 1-1.25 days only with moderate usage.64mp camera doesn't support zoom, camera doesn't support 60fps video recording.Build quality is not good, plastic back with lots of figure prints in few minutes handling, not look new in few seconds.Face unlock very slow.Heat issue which charging and heavy usageFull charge takes more than 3 hrsWould not recommend to buy , if you are looking  for good camera phonego with other brands like oppo or redmi , giving much better quality",1.0
"Software is no working. No sounds in media, cant attend calls, every 5 mints phone gone to switched off and even though no retraining option.",1.0
"Phone camera is not good , samsung says it's 64 mega pixel but its photos like 8 megapixels .photo detailing are not good  . Also processor is not Upton the mark it's some time slow and hang in multi function use . While using keyboard , keyboard hide automatically for 1 second . My mobile variant is 6 GB 128 GB. Don't waste your time and money .",2.0
"Camera front is worst, not up to the mark. Waste of money. ,",1.0
Not a Samsung performance. It seems it was launched without proper test n trials. I already had M30 so decided to buy M31 (6GB). But got shocked to see the poor performance n battery life. The 64MP images can't be sent easily to someone on WhatsApp. Camera give errors now n then. Battery life worst then M30 which has 5000mh. Mobile heats on charging.,3.0
UNTILL I AM USING REDMI NOTE 7 PROI WANT TO PURCHASE POCO X2 BUT BECAUSE OF IS FLASH SALEIT OUT OF STOCKI AM USING SAM M31 FROM LAST 5 DAYS OVERALL MY IMPRESSION IS  ITS 6000MH BATTERY1  SUPER AMOLED DISPLAY AT THIS PRICE2  64 MP CAMERA3  PHONES PERFORMANCE IS VERY SLOW4  I CAN NOT SINE ANY DRAMATIC CHANDE IN CAMERA QUALITY IN THIS PHONE5  SAMSUNG HAS TO WORK IN OPTEMISSING SOFTWARE TO INCREASE THE PHONES PERFORMANCE6  REDMI NOTE 7 PRO BOOTS FASTER THAN SAM M31,3.0
"Worst mobile was I got , Samsung m31 taking more time for charging 100% , it's almost 4 hours for charging , and after that 20 hours battery I'll train 0% its waste of time compare to other fast charging mobile , and camera worst",1.0
"I bought this mobile in last Friday , it is not working from 6th day.  Unable to receive calls and if unexpectedly I received a call not getting  sound and I can't here the opposite person voice or my voice to them. When I try to call someone automatically network is getting disconnected and it's reconnecting automatically in few minutes. I expect this might be  software issue , I have gone through lot of reviews ,maximum number of people who buyed this mobile facing this issue.Unable to replace the mobile also as it is not showing any option to me.",1.0
"I have been using this for 15-20 days now and I am even more disappointed!I have been using POCO F1 since the last 1.5 years and I regret to have chosen to move back to Samsung!I so miss my POCOFirst the pros1. The brand name - if you think it is one!2. The display - It's super AMOLED and it's brilliant3. The rear camera - clicks good enough photos4. Build - seems decentCons:1. The UI - It's a big duffer. Samsung's smart switch was a pathetic attempt to move the contacts etc. Had I not cross checked, I would have been crying2. The contact list - It seems like using an age old NoKia device today3. Virtual Buttons - They aren't customizable 😭. What kinda innovation is this4. Clear all apps - it kills the current app too😬. I killed my game many times while trying to fasten up this idiot device5. Gaming - The phone slows down in 10-15 minutes. It's anyways a slow device6. Front camera - it no better than an age old 2MP camera. The image processing is idiotic7. Notifications - This idiot forgets to send email notifications. I have to manually keep checking my emails😭. Believe me, I have tried all settings8. Notification Badges - Does not display any badges on the apps 😂🤣. You have to pull down the notification bar and keep checking9. Dual Apps: This idiot does not support dual apps. Only messengers are supported. I have two accounts on amazon and amazon is not supported in dual apps. Similarly I have two accounts to manage on Linkedin.The more I use this idiot device, the more it frustrates meAnyone who recommends Samsung can kindly stay away from me nowWhat a waste of Money this has been",2.0
Received it on time within 24 hours thumps up to amazon. Now Product. Done all the settings. I am using samsung after a long gap of 8-10 years. After Samsung Grand I had stopped using. So setting done now data transfer Samsung's smart switch option is fantastic. Everything I wanted to transfer got it. No problem at all .Now SIM transferred. Done OK it is dual 4G VOLTE and above all it is having separate slot for micro sd card. Effortless working.Now Camera. It has got lot of options. All I have not yet tried but for sure I have checked the quality of the photograph and the night mode is superb. What else you want to know rest of the things are written in detail and is true. Working very fine. Proud to won it. Nice Product. Samsung should keep competing iPhone,5.0
"What is this samsung,i didn't expect from you.plastic body is ok we can use cover.Corning gorella glass 3 is ok we can use tempered protection.Even 3 hr charging time is ok we can charge during night.But Overheating how can we deal with them !this price range other companies providing super fast , cool processor like snapdragon 730G.& What you do fooling customers.",1.0
Nice phone in this price range,5.0
"Cons:1. RAM. Claims to be 6GB, whereas my 2year old phone with 4GB RAM has much smoother display2. Battery Charging. Claims 15W fast charging. Takes more than 2 hours to charge the phone.Pros:1. Good cameras2. Perfect screen sizeI bought it as a great deal from Samsung, but it is a BIG dissappointment. And they say it cannot be returned. Total waste of money for me. Redmi Note pro 8 is much better than this at same price.",2.0
"1) claims 21 hour of internet usage timing, i started using it after 100charged  but it barely last for 24 hour with 5 hour of heavy usage and even turned mobile in bettery saving mode.  so what is the point of carry that much heavy 191gm device all around.2) phone heats a lot while its charging ,like you can't even touch it at some point.3)internet bandwith speed in mobile as well as in wifi is not good. i had a samsung galaxy note3 where i get fast internet with same network. wanted to return this device but they had a very strict policy so you cannot return, you can only replace it.  even i am trying it for replacement it wont let me as i have to download balencco app and this app never say your phone is not working fine. i could have spend my money in buying other phone.bought on very first minute of release but al excitment turned down after seeing actual performance.",2.0
"i am a Big fan of Samsung products, but today i got a dead phone, first i thought it don't have charging so try to charge the phone but no response,i am really really disappointed today. but thanks to amazon the responded quickly and ordered a replacement. but now i am worried about phone performance now. how i am going to handle if future same problem arises. before buy think again.",1.0
"Ordered Samsung Galaxy M31 within 5 minutes after sale starts. Really impressed by the quality of the camera. All 4 back cameras are working great. Wide angle feature is great. Live focus, Macro and Slow-motion features are awesome. Front camera is very good. It captures the photo very well in all types of lightning and background. Battery backup is good. 100% to 20% in around 30 hours with average usage. Screen resolution and touch is very good. Go for it if you have your budget less than 16k and looking for awesome camera and screen resolution.After 2 months usage: Battery charging takes more than 3 hours from 30% to 100% even though it shows Fast charging.  Battery is draining quickly when using mobile hotspot.Phone is heating too much. My kid is fearing to take my phone because of this heating issue (Don't know whether it is pros or cons 😜). Think before buying this phone.Edit: After 9 months of usage: I am not facing the heating issues now. I had the heating problem while using hotspot for entire day. Battery backup is also good now. But facing some issues in camera. After the latest software update, the photos are some times showing our face like a black and white. This issue is happening only few times and the issue is on only around face. Complained to samsung but no action taken. They are asking for more logs from my phone. Other than this, phone is good to use.",5.0
"Camara is too bad. Sound clarity is not at all good ... though it looks like a premium phone ,but when you started using it makes you feel that you bought a cheap quality product. Gets frequently stuck and restarts for no reason.",1.0
"Very poor quality, phone touch stopped responding on few areas suddenly. Didn't expected this from Samsung. I am not able to use from a month.. :(Tried connecting customer service and they asked to go service center when it opens after lockdown. On asking whether my warranty period would be extended due to this, they completely denied.. I am feeling cheated now. :((Don't buy this phone !!",1.0
Dear all pls don't pay this product. Over heating issue and slow charging time 5.30 hours in full charge over slow .and proper not working in sensor..so pls don't pay ..waste your money,1.0
Hi all - whoever planning to buy M31 please don't its having a serious display issue showing lite pink and when we rotating less then 1 inch in any dimension its showing exact color otherwise direct view showing pink ..half showing one color half display in another color. They are not taking return for this product. Used Samsung before but now thinking never to buy anymore. I want return or replacement from amazon,1.0
"Hello all,Here I am writing the review of the product after using 20 days, this mobile given the most worst experience.After using 20 days the display is not working, It has stopped working while I am using the mobile.And the Call quality also worst.Unable to connect the calls, every time we have to restart to call some one.Samsung service is also a given worst experience.No one will respond for your issue.No authorized centers will pickup the call and respond to your Query.My suggestions for the new buyers is don't go with this product.Thank you.",1.0
"hi,I purchased this phone few days back. So far I am quite happy with the battery life. I had both JIO connections on VOLTE-ON and no WIFI, so on Mobile DATA this phone performs too good. Approx 20 hrs of usage on mobile data, 8 hrs ON in a corner where JIO signal is low. works like a charm.On WIFI, it says 100 even after 5 hrs with a usage of about 20+ min. this is also good.Definitely, Samsung bloatware apps, that you cant uninstall.However, I dont like the UI/Launcher. One of the worst looking icons. I hope samsung is reading this. 3 stars for this.Some MISSING features for this price and as everyone else is providing.1. LED Flash for missed messages/cals, etc2. LED flash for incoming calls3. Reminders & Goals missing in Calendar4. All the Apps are Samsung proprietary. Contacts, Calls, Messages, Calendar, etc5. Camera - Good in bright light or outside. not so good inside room even with good lighting. Seems like it needs high lighting",4.0
So this is my edit review after using not more than 3months.. It has discolouration issue.. No any external force applied neither contact of water.. It happend when my phone's battery death and I plugged in with charger after then I putted off and I saw discolouration sudden..It started right bottom to top with pink and purple shade nd quickly spread overall display..And when I visited service center they directly denied to repair as told that it's not under in warranty.... Nd I'll have to bear that cost with Rs of 5000 to 6000 for change the display.. When I already spent 17000 Rs. to purchased new phone..DISGUSTING....And I believe that everyone keep their phone safely when atleast phone is new and expensive..I feel just regret about my decision and mistake I made to purchased this worst compny phone..But I surprised how Samsung play the scam game with their valuable customersNow I believe that Samsung is just fraud and fake and it's scam nd make fool to their customers in name of the warranty.I recommend to all Amazon buddies pls pls pls 🙏 don't go with Samsung Phone if you don't wanna waste your hard earn and valuable money....,1.0
Sorry but this time Amazon and Samsung really disappointed me.I have bought samsung m30 and m30 S earlier from Amazon and it was really a Goood great deal. But this time it was very disappointing and shameful. I bought m31 megamonster for my soulmate but she really got disappointed with phone and it was really hurting for me.Poor camera quality like a 2 megapixel cameraNot 64mpPoor battery like 3500mAh not 6000mAhDON'T BUY M31 U CAN GO FOR M30S. SORRY SAMSUNG,1.0
"Samsung M31 is the best ever mobile I found till now with ""6000 mAh"" monster battery, superb ""64 MP Quad Camera"", sAMOLED Amazing display, 6GB RAM and 128GB ROM, very quick fingerprint reader and many more. I personally feel this mobile is made for me and people who need great battery, camera and lots of space for storing as many documents or videos as we required. As I am a student, I have to watch lots of lecture in mobile for that everyone need good mobile battery which is not present in other mobile except Samsung M31 with an student friendly budget. It's unbelieveable that I have a mobile with wonderful features within Rs. 15,999 only, no other company given so many things. This making me forever customer of Samsung, I am really very thankful to Samsung team for designing such an amazing mobile for us. Although most of the company send earphone with there mobile, Samsung hadn't delivered till now. It is sad because I have to use local earphone with an amazing Samsung M31 mobile.",5.0
The phone is very amazing it's more than expectation. I ordered black version with 6GB of ram and 128 GB space. Best smartphone in this segment price. The trump card  of this phone is camera. What a wide angle and selfie  captured by this phone amazingly good..  all the best feature you will get on this price.,4.0
"II am writing this with 4 months of usage.Issue1: Getting On-Hold automatically during calls.Issue2: Call recording also autmatically ON during calls even we dont need.Issue3: Sensors are very bad, not able to recognize call is going or not.Issue4: Camera stabilization is very bad, not able to take photo of scan docs perfectly, always it used to be blurred.Issue5: Charging time is more, even though they are telling 15w charge. My old phone get charged quickly rather than this.When i tried to reach customer care toll free, there is no response from them saying ""Limited staff"". Think before buying this model twice.",1.0
Charging time up switch of me 6 hour me 51%Or battery life lowMaick me problem,1.0
"I was using Samsung J2 earlier,  excellent phone,  later shifted to moto X4....after long time switching again to Samsung after hearing the success of M30s. Little disappointed. It's an average mobile phone.1.The finish of the phone is below average. If we use this mobile without back cover,  please will judge that this guy is using cheap Mobile,  I am covering it up with spigen cover now. It is not even like Samsung J2 mobile. Poor plastic.(ABS).2. CAMERA,  I use to take lot of mobile photographs  it's my hobby,  I don't see any difference in this megapixel and 3 or 4 camera's....if you are better cameraman, single camera is enough,  since it is with 4 camera we try to take different pictures,  camera okay. Lot of night in low light. Macro is 5 MP, no clear picture....3. Reception of Mobil signal, I felt slightly weak,  when I compare with motoX4, I was using it for nearly 2 years, now with M31s, I am not getting proper data connectivity inside home. Further I have to check...4. Mobile phone is mobile slightly heating up, not like mi,  but it is not like earlier Samsung.5. Battery it mega but last for one complete day, there is ko need to search charger in the evening,  but we need to charge it in the night, the charging time is long since the battery 6000mah. There will be possibilities of partial charging of battery, which may reduce the life of battery.Samsung could have done better, looks like urgently cooked",3.0
"As I waited for a really long time to buy my Samsung galaxy phone, I am pretty disappointed with the performance of this phone.The camera quality and features are fine . But the fingerprint reader asks for so many attempts.Major issue with this phone is that it keeps restarting for no reason. That too 3 to 4 times a day !Intially I thought it needs an update and might work fine after that but that didn't work too.It's not very pleasing when it restarts in the middle of some important work you trying to finish.I have been using this phone for a month now but it has not been working upto my expectations.Sorry but not happy with my purchase.",2.0
"Samsung Galaxy M31 smartphone runs on Android v10 (Q) operating system. The phone is powered by Octa core (2.3 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A73 + 1.7 GHz, Quad core, Cortex A53) processor. It runs on the Samsung Exynos 9 Octa 9611 Chipset. It has 6 GB RAM and 64 GB internal storage.Samsung Galaxy M31 smartphone has a Super AMOLED display. It measures 159.2 mm x 75.1 mm x 8.9 mm and weighs 191 grams. The screen has a resolution of 1080 x 2340 pixels and 403 ppi pixel density. It has an aspect ratio of 19.5:9 and screen-to-body ratio of 83.92 %. On camera front, the buyers get a 32 MP f/2.0 Primary Camera(26 mm focal length, 2.8"" sensor size, 0.8µm pixel size) and on the rear, there's an 64+8+5+5 MP camera with features like 8 x Digital Zoom, Auto Flash, Face detection, Touch to focus. It is backed by a 6000 mAh battery. Connectivity features in the smartphone include WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, Volte, and more.It is a good product to use. Best feature  is it touch,processor and camera with effective  rate",5.0
Poor camera and display quality. Its not a 64 MP camera it's  quality is like 8 MP camera. Flash is not working in 64 MP ratio.And Amazon is also not returning this item. Vivo gives more quality in this price range. Now a days Samsung is selling it's name only not quality. Don't buy this.,1.0
Very very disappointed about the quality of the product...used only for 10 days...then a black spot started appearing in the back camera..visited Samsung Garia service centre.They denied to replace the product as I have purchased it online..However they took my complain and advised that they will change the camera but that is a time consuming matter.really disappointed after investing hard earned money in Samsung...very very poor quality product..,1.0
1.Good Camera but produces Noise in Indoor Lighting Conditions Could be Fixable through an OTA Update.2.Very Good Battery Life.3.Good Display but lacks HDR 10 support.4.Processor Gives Average performance compare to Qualcomm Snapdragon Processors but its sufficient for Normal People Who don't play Heavy Graphics Related Games.5.Physical Fingerprint Scanner is Quite Fast But An In Display Fingerprint Scanner Would Give Better Experience On This Smartphone.6.Software on this device is Smooth like a Butter and Packs Some Really Good Features but Real-time Network Speed Option Should Have Been Provided For Better Experience On This Device.Maybe Samsung Could provide this feature thought OTA Update Later On.7.This Phone Comes with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 but They should Provided Corning Gorilla glass 5 as other brands are providing in this price range.,5.0
Awesome  screen .Awesome battery  .Awesome  cameras .Specially  ... one UI 2.0 of Samsung  is superb. I used Samsung  Galaxy  alot but for 2-3yrs i was on moto and others ... but being  back to Samsung ... it's  worth it .Go for it ... the screen is just min blowing  at this price . No one can beat it .Also .. I don't  play any games ... but i read alot and watch plenty of movies ...but being  an experienced  smartphone  user i can tell ... it can run any game without  lag .. with 6 gb + exynos 9611 processors (if I'm  ri8) . Same as A51 which cost 24k .Just go for it .1 thing is plastic body ... but body is also very good ... not like previous  plastic  Samsung  ... it's  glossy ... but any way we are gonna use back case  ... so it doesn't matter  anyway .1 thing - Biometric  take some time to get use to i guess.It's  a large device ... side fingerprint  would have been best .And face unlock  take some time ..... face unlock is not that good i would say . But may be due to extra security  .. we have to make sure of correct  angle and light  .,5.0
"The mobile is a typical Samsung phone nothing special. The only attraction is quad camera and that too is not good, picture quality is like 8 MP camera. I exchanged my Vivo V9 with it and now i'm regretting it. Vivo V9 was far better than M31. If you are going by smart look and quad camera than i am sure this phone will disappoint you.",2.0
What to say lot to go throughPurchased it on Amazon aug25th1.Noticed it has poor sound2. The charger labelled as fast charging but takes too long to charge3. Not a good product by SamsungCoz here comes the main issue4. It stops chargingI took it to the Samsung service center which who said they need to change the charging port but it seems absolutely new n fine to me woth no charging issue6. I chatted with Amazon  customer  care where they said exchange would be possible but after a service denial letter from Samsung which is really impossible .Its really painful to put this review n much more than this is spending almost 18k to this mobile which I expected a better mobile from Samsung n service from amazon,1.0
"Received my Samsung Galaxy M31 on 7th Mar. It cost me 15,999 rupees.Literally shocked to see the Indian sim card only labeled on box.Immediately called Amazon customer and their response is pathetic. They said they cannot write everything about product.Product description is based on what features they want to show to customer. As it is a electronic item so there is no return possible, only replacement option is available if there is any fault in the product and cannot do anything more.They are not ready to accept the fact that they are hiding such a important information that this phone cannot be used outside India.Learnt my lesson and will not be ordering any high value product from Amazon in future.They are only good enough for groceries and small items.",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   The Amazon tamper proof packaging & timely delivery is always worth a thumbs up.The product was delivered without any issue, but after unboxing, when I wanted to switch it on, it just wouldn't. I was expecting the phone to have some juice, at least 20-30% battery, but it was not so. When I connected it to the charger, the battery level was 0%. So I charged to 20% and then switched it on..and it actually started in the recovery mode, instead of normal boot. And that was a surprise..but then I could boot it normally.After this initial scare, the setup was normal and smooth.I like the look & feel of the product, and as compared to my earlier Moto One Power, it is way lighter even with a 6000 mah battery. But I do have a feeling, Snapdragon is a bit smoother than Exynos.Overall for me, after two days of usage, I am satisfied with the performance. The camera output, both front & rear, are really good, though I have not used all the modes yet.For me, the most useful features are the in-built call recording facility and the always on feature (I though always on was only available with Motorola).In short, I would say, it is a value for money device.I purchased the phone in March 2020, and by end of July 2020, I have received 2 security and feature updates.I have used the camera in the last 5 months. The results are very satisfactory. There may be some limitations in low light photography, but with a little tweaking, you get good results.",5.0
The phone worked fine for a year till it was in warranty. The camera quality was average. The built and the back panel was not upto the mark but was satisfactory in this price range. The issue of suddenly freezing while using and restarting repeatedly on its own started arising exactly after one year. The hard reset and software upgrade did no help. The service centre demanding around Rs. 8k for a full motherboard replacement. Much of the m series smartphones are facing this issue due to a software update that causes this kind of problem in the hardware. The samsung community members app is flooded with this issue faced by various users in the m and a series smartphones. This is not at all expected from samsung.,1.0
"I have a Samsung M31SYMPTOMSa) all videos regardless of the application used are playing on fastforward with no sound. This happens on all apps incl youtube, netflix, amazon prime, including videos I have been sent via WhatsApp. b) there is no sound on the phone at all - nothing when I play music, it doesn't ring when someone calls me, and even though i can pick up the call, I can't hear the other person's voice and they cant hear mine ATTEMPTED FIXES THAT DID NOT WORK1. Restart multiple times2. Reset app preferences3. Play with Dolby settings (restore to default, turn off/on)4. Wipe cache preferences using volume up/down buttons then rebooting5. Adjusting all the volume settings to make sure nothing was muted6. Turn phone on on safe mode to ensure it wasnt the apps that were buggy (and played a video I had stored on my phone but same issue)",1.0
"Writing this review after 10 days of usage.Pros:1. Samsung's Super AMOLED Screen2. Massive 6000 mAh battery3. 64 MP Quad Camera4. One UI 2.0 based on Android 10 out of the box5. Dolby Atmos SupportCons:1. Exynos 9611 is fair enough to handle the daily work but it's a little old processor, it would be better if it would come with any of the latest ones.2. Fingerprint sensor is adequately fast but it's a capacitive and back mounted. It would be better if it would have in display one.3. The phone has a massive 6000 mAh battery and it supports fast charging only upto 15 watt. It would be better if would support 25 watt because it takes quite a time to charge the battery fully.N.B. I am not a gamer. I haven't done any gaming. You will need to go to YouTube for gaming reviews.",5.0
"Heating issuesLagging issuesNetwork issues these are the main problems of samsung phones..we dont need a monster battery or camera /SAMOLED display,. just need a basic performance",1.0
"Bought phone on May 21 and Screen broke on June 21. Customer care while e-mailed said that it is covered under warranty- Service Centre denied to replace screen, asking for 5k Plus taxes. Why should anyone buy a product that has NO GUARANTEE? Is this the service of the product?",1.0
"This phone has mic problem...... Very inconvenient to use.... I regret buying this phone! So expensive... N yet below average performance.... I have to always hold the phone close to my mouth so that other person can hear well.... Forget about other features... Even if they are good, the mix performance masks it all!!!",2.0
"I am writing this review after using this device for two month. This phone have very nice Battery back-up , display. Now I will let you know reality this phone heats up and due to this problem my phone motherboard had liquid leakage and my phone was dead. When I reach service center there I find maximum people have same issue of heating in this same model, and at center engineer told me out of 200 phone there is issue in 50 product that why we are here, they refuse to replace product. But thank god I have purchased insurance so motherboard cost Rs8,450 was paid by insurance but insurance only cover one time damage so i was in safer side. At the end I have trust issue with this device so I sold this product as I was insecure after repair all of sudden my phone is dead I will not get anything for dead phone.  My phone E.M.I is also not completed but I have to sale this phone so guys I will warn you to research a lot and then take a riskSo I will advise just don't be excited by company ad and purchase they will never let you know reality. It's your hard earn money so think a lot.",1.0
"Swarup Saha Verified PurchaseHONEST M31. HONEST PERFORMANCE. HONEST PRICE.Honest review for a Honest Samsung phone. I am writing this review after using M31 for more than four month. And my verdict based on truly improved Samsung M series with my experience & tested after usage only.BUILD QUALITY.Superior, as it matches any S series flagship premium in classy look, strong built for this budget amount. My hand is small but still I found 6.5 inches display is good to handle as it is well managed for one hand use also.DISPLAY & FINGERPRINT.With Samsung SuperAmoled display you can truly trust the amazing view angle. Now in M31 feature of Widevine L Certification you can enjoy all those global Dolby theatre experience. I found it reliable for my 1920p to 4k level of movie watching without any distraction due to Infinite U display which gives Full Screen Ratio. Fingerprint on back is much faster than I expected. It doesn't takes a second also to open. Even FaceUnlock is faster.BATTERY.Main benefit of this midrange M series is it's maasive 6000mAh battery which gave me enough juice for nearly 3 days continuously. Tested.CAMERA.This time M series did a honest job by giving us a INTELLI camera of 64 mwgapixel with Single Take feature. Samsung gives what it advertises. Which made me to stick to Samsung brand. My usage of Camera is high & I found no complaints at all in focusing a shoot. Good color saturated. Well bright night shots. Macro shots r OSM. The depth & clarity of 64 megapixel is more developed in this M31s model. So no complaints.PROCESSOR.After using for more than half month I must say, Exynos 9611 works wonderful liquid speed when it is combined with LPDDR4X RAM technology. I have not faced any lag in PUBG or ASPHALT-9 hight end games, in medium setting which is good for battery saving. So 2.3Ghz speed accomplished. No complaints for the budget spent.SOUND QUALITY.After using for hours I found the Speaker this time Samsung made is much improved with Bass Stereo which was missing earlier. The in-ear delivers your ear the pure Dolby Atmos with clear precision and crystal clear bass effect.Bang for the bucks go for it. Thanks Amazon for Safe delivery.1,309 people found this helpfulHelpfulReport",5.0
I recently purchased m31 mobile set. I am very much frustrated with the net connection. In my area Airtel network is very strong. But the internet connection is automatically disconnected in this mobile. Do everything but could not solve the problem. In the past I had used same data. There was no problem. But after purchasing m31 set I  am fully dissatisfied with the data service. In the data symbol only  uploading arrow blinking. Downloading arrow stops blinking after sometime. I think this is a hardware problem. Please arrange to replace my mobile as early as a possible.Add tags,4.0
"I don't know this issue for all M31 devices or only my device. Camera quality is very very very bad.. If you do little zoom, you can see black lines are coming and going..If you record video, more than 30 minutes..getting message ""camera not responding message""...Not happy with the audio",1.0
Phone is good! But there is an issue of heating sometimes TOO MUCH HEATING!Front camera: 3* is not very realistic!!Main camera: 4* not very impressive!Display: 5*Battery: 3.5* it doesn't last as per 6k MahSpeed: 3* justifies the price but not impressive!!weight balance: 3* averagespeaker: 1.5* not loud at allcharging speed: 1*Edit: with new updates heating vhas reduced a lot!Earlier it was 2* so changed to 3*,3.0
First time I plugged in for charging. Phone displayed recovery mode screen though I haven't pressed any button. Totally disappointed by this experience.I have requested to return this item and refund me entire amount but amazon policy relaxed upto replacement.Bad experience.Display and look wise phone looks stunning but still I haven't used it so system performance might be well as expected. I hope so.Waiting for brand new replacement of M31. I hope it would work well,2.0
"Most disgusting service from Amazon & Samsung ever. Received a defected Mobile which had issues with its touchscreen. Replacing the phone is such a pain in the wrong place. First they ask you to download a stupid app to run testing which takes incorrect tests. I have problem with my touchscreen & they test the fingerprint sensor & give a result stating that all is good. Secondly I cannot contact any customer care agent as no one is available at this point of time. Customers are left to fend for themselves. ""Atmanirbhar"" is taken to a whole new level by Amazon!!! Utterly DisgustingPlease sort this out Amazon before your customers shift to other online apps.Samsung, Where has your quality gone? Do you only focus on expensive phones? One Plus & other brands have already started eating up your market share.. please act wisely if you don't want to share your fate with Nokia.",1.0
Overall Rating:Camera 5/5Performances 5/5Display 5/5 - Super  Amoled DisplayBattery 5/5- 6000 MahPhone look 4/5User interface 5/5 - New Samsung One UI 2 is awesomeSound 5/5 - Dolby atmos Enhanced very much sound effect on Headset.Pros:1. The camera is up to the mark. No one Compete Samsung in mid Range Phone as Samsung has very powerful camera Software.2.It looks stunning high-end category.3.The battery is very powerful.4. Fast charging.5. Got OS update yesterday- Feb Security Patch included.Cons:1. Must be given some back cover in the Box.2. No headset included in the box.3. Earphone slot is given at a downside which makes it difficult to handle the phone.,5.0
I am a tech guy and this review is genuine. First of all Samsung is the baap of mobiles..coming to m31 I waited so long to buy and saw many reviews.lets start from positive..1. Camera is awesome both front and back. Picture clarity in zoom is good2. Very smooth finish of mobile which looks really great3. Touch is better than other mobiles compared to Oppo or MIComing to negative pointsall reviews almost fake regarding battery...they just really bluffed..6000 mah battery is not even coming for 2 full days..I used data for around 18 hrs but still it got drained fast.When charged the mobile it taking around 4 hrs to get complete charge from 0 to 100 percentage  but mobile is getting heated a lot..didn't expect this from Samsung at all.Loud speaker is not so efficient.Normal sound is goodAs its SAMOLED the picture or video quality is good..eyes r not strained,3.0
"I have been using this phone for more than 2 weeks and the battery feels like 3000mAh at best.I have used 5000mAh phones from Asus and Panasonic before and those phone easily gave 1.5 to 2 days usage. With the advertised capacity and with a below average processor this should last longer.I am an average user mostly on WiFi and rarely uses mobile data. Very difficult to use it on second day without charging.Charges very slowly and discharges fast. It should have been the other way around.Performance is average. Try to stay away from Exynos processors if you want a reasonably fast phone. But I knew this before buying, so no complaints hereCamera seems decent, but I rarely takes photos and don't think I have enough knowledge to comment on the camera quality",2.0
"I was really confused about this Samsung M31 model after reading all my probable questions answered already by previous certified users or by reviewers on Amazon website question sections.In spite of above facts I trusted the brand and answers given by the manufacturer in the same sections of questions.Now after using for almost 15 days, I would say what ever is written negative in question answer section are proved wrong, I think all the negative message or answers may be because of limitations of users only.I did not find any issues with probable questions related to Volte, Volte video Calling or anything for SIM issue or WhatsApp video calling or heating issues which was really my concern about the model and brand before purchasing the phone.I am using the Samsung Brand after a gap of 10 years, but I think it is the best phone in this segment at the given price.",5.0
"I'm satisfied with the overall performance of the mobile. Battery life is excellent. Camera is fine enough and keeps good and clear pictures, provided you hold the phone for a while. Though it is not up to the mark of 64MP. At highest resolution you cannot use the zoom to take the pictures. Sound quality is clear but could be louder. Not a heavy device. Wifi connectivity is fine. Display is superb. Speed is fine but sometimes lagging make you feel that for 8GB RAM it could be better. I connected my 1TB hard drive to it and it had no problems to read it. Transfer of files can be done with OTG pendrive or external Hard drive. Fingerprint reader works fine but face reader is not that sensitive.At the end I would say that with its pros and cons, you may go for it.",4.0
I ordered this phone first time it came with a number of issues like overheating and damaged product. Second time when they replaced they again gave me a phone with poor battery performance which does not even lasts upto 12hrs.With similar usuage with other persons known to us it is lasting upto 24 hrs plus. We have deliberated checked this issue. Overall a unsatisfactory experience.,5.0
It's nice but some camera quality should be improve. Battery as per 6000mah but like working 4000mah. Sometimes it's hanging little bit. I have given truth statment so please provide JBL gift,5.0
"1. Basic features is missing put in this phone like app lock etc.2. 64MP Camera quality is not up to the mark, it looks like an ordinary camera.3.  Phone is little bit slow.4.  Feels heavy in hand.5.  Took so long for charging.",3.0
"Updates after couple of weeks of usage!!‐----‐--‐---------‐-----Stay away from this! Biometrics is a joke! Never ever again will choose a Samsung product for mobile!Updates after couple of days usage...1. Battery power seems to be good!2. Fast charging is a let down!3. Finger print sensor doesn't work most of the times and required constant cleaning!! I would rather use face lock!!4. Memory (6GB) is not performing well. Recommend to go for 8GB.=====================================With lot of excitement, i bought this phone and to my disappointment it is an utter flop! Phone heated up like anything which i was setting it up and I could immediately feel that the phone had problems. May be for 16K this is what you get?? But might disappointed as I have used other low cost phones and have never faced such problems. Now, I thought Samsung as a brand was good, but I realized that it is not about the brand name always. Stay away from this model,5 star for shipping and delivery. However the product is a let down!!!",1.0
"I m writing this review after 9 months of use.I am using samsung phones including s-duos,on-7 etc for last 11 years..Despite of all drawback i always stick to samsung.After using galaxy on 7 for a long time with happiness, I m utterly disappointed with this one.m-31 6gb.Purchased on 5th march.after 17 days it's speaker got chocked...lowest sound.also after switching off(several times) and trouble shooting it's ok.then nxt month the same thing happened.i visited to the service centre bt they denied for service as it was normal then.after 4 month it was a common incident..At present I can't speak to a person in speaker mode.because they can't hear me.i can't listen music in speaker mode,it's distorted..I m now stuck with that phone..",2.0
Phones battery life is good but it gets heated for example when you are on call for a long time for while booking cabs when location is on it takes a lot of battery No pop up notifications in WhatsApp phone needs work in accessibility I am a low vision person the phones keyboard gets too much expanded when using zoom gesture making it impossible to type I have to reboot the whole phone to get the keyboard to its normal size . Select to speak options hangs frequently and the phone becomes unaccessible.after my purchase there was a software update due to which my screen gets zoom automatically creating problem while using which is very irritating face recognition is not that good phone takes two and a half hour to charge completely.Camera is really nice beautiful pictures come out.,4.0
please don't waste your money of buying this mobile. This is the worst Mobile I have ever used till now. Internet is very slow even if you connect with the 50 maps speed of wifi. The quality of WhatsApp video calls is worst than 2gb ram phone. Battery is 6000 mah but it is not equal even with 3000 mah. Every description showed for this phone is fake. I made a big mistake of buying this phone & I recommend my friend to buy this before checking this phone properly. Please don't waste your money. This is the worst model ever in the Samsung brand,1.0
"ProsAmazing display quality.Top notch clarity on Amazon Prime on par with OnePlus kind of phones.Camera quality is great in 64pixel mode back cam and 32 pixel mode front cam. Macro shot, food shot are good. Live bokeh on back cam is ok and front cam live bokeh will disappoint.Battery backup is definitely better than a 3000 to 4000 mAh with snapdragon SOC.General processing, speed and animations are seamless.if you are a fan of Samsung ui you would love it.Finger print sensor is good as the best ones , it's fast enough.ConsAudio quality with a Sony Bass headset is not so great, frequencies and noise cancellation is not soothing, cannot match a Nokia 6 Dolby, if you are music lover, this phone will disappoint you. Yet sound with a Bluetooth speaker was good. Surround effects on Dolby mode are good but audio quality needs some work.I am not a fan of custom ui and someone used to the stock android & miss it, still can manage with launchers like Nova to get the stock android feel.Has a lot of Samsung and third party apps which you have to disable. Some cannot be disabled as well. Of the 6GB, 1.5 GB is wasted on these apps. So you practically have only 3gb left after the OS and Samsung apps, which is not expected of 6gb ram device. A stock android phone will offer more RAM and processing power in reality, with the same hardware.Exynos is worthy for normal use and I am not sure about gaming as I have not tried.Extra memory and battery are in place because of the bloatware the phone ships in. These are not annoying like the ones on Micromax or cheaper phones. Most of these genuine ones, but one may not use them.Larger battery makes the phone heavier, plastic body gives a false feel like the phone is not sturdy, the phone actually is pretty solid, if you have a case and glass you don't find a difference.Over all a worthy smartphone and worth its money.",5.0
"Missing app lock and secure folder, I hope software update will fix it in future.Headphone is missing 😩.Downloaded s secure from galaxy store for App lock.Removed unnecessary preloaded apps.Add restrictions for background data if you want to save data and battery.Great Camera tested in all moods(check in pictures).Night mood is superb.Anyone posting bad reviews about camera is personal intentions.Freefire or pubg consums 6% battery per hour. But remember it depends on your network speed.Fast charging is working perfectly,Still moving my apps from old galaxy J7 Pro, I will update my review after 1 month.Nice phone.",5.0
"A very disappointing buy.I've been using this phone for about 3 days, which is enough to know how the phone performs, and this phone is sub-standard. Let me list the reasons why:1. To begin with the finger print scanner response is very slow. Very often it doesn't recognize the finger.2. With a big battery I was expecting it to.last a day. But with playing light games like Temple Run and Words wirh Friends the battery runs down very quickly. It also takes a little over 3 hours to charge fully.3. Camera performance is pathetic. The 64mp pics look like it's been shot with 8mph lens. And don't even try a pic at night, you won't be able to see anything with clarity.4. The phone feels heavy and cumbersome though it's hardly a few gms heavier than my previous phone.5. The volume buttons are stiff and don't respond to a normal touch.6. The swipe hand gesture to take a screenshot is useless as very often the screen moves along with the hand gesture of you're taking a screenshot on a webpage or Instagram or any other social media app.And though I have more to say, I think this is enough to dissuade you from buying this phone. I'd suggest you go for either the Realme 6 or the Note 9 Pro at the same price.",2.0
"""Naam badey darshan chotey"".Phone is not up to the mark.8GB RAM doesn't give any advantage, phone still gets stuck.Battery backup is less and reason might be 8GB RAM.Looks and built quality is very cheap, doesn't give value for our money.Performance of Exynos processor is not as expected and showcased.Secure folder is not available with this phone.Speaker and microphone quality is cheap. Even when you turn on loud speaker you will require to keep the phone near to the face.The only one thing impressive about this phone is camera.Overall not satisfied with this phone and so are my friends whom I've recommended.",2.0
Video quality is so bad. Camera is average. My earlier j8 was much better. This is a budget phone with average features. Nothing exceptional about it. Phone heats up if you talk on the phone using video calling or normal calling even even 10 mins... I can see some white line on the left side of my screen while watching videos etc... something off with this phone...Only good news is I got it for a affordable deal after exchanging my old phone j8 for it. I'm not looking for any exceptional usage so it is fine ...But extremely disappointed because of the issues I had mentioned in my first paragraph,2.0
"Samsung claim on M31 prime edition mobile having 64 MP rear and 32 MP front is just a big bluff, it is just software manipulation to exaggerate the number.  Actually it is 16 MP rear and 5 MP front with poor image quality. CPU gets heats with over loaded pre-install apps leads to heating of the device. A visit from the Amazon technician who does not have practical know-how (non-techie savvy), this heating issue is normal for them as every phone heats up very surprising. They follow the apps heat output result which is not above 50C according to him, even though he can feel the heat from the phone. Even reporting the issue to Amazon customer care next day of delivery, I was allot the slot technician visit after a 10 days. After the technician visit, I was told by customer care, the issue is resolved as reported by technician and we cannot replace the device even it heating since the replacement period is over.  For the issue you visit the samsung customer care. It was poor response from customer care in both alloting time and service.",1.0
"After a Redmi note 8, which Sucks on Finesse of user experience, This Samsung phone is BLISS.I used Moto phones before the Redmi experiment. Motorola was fabulous before Lenovo took over. I disliked my last cheapy Lenovo Moto, switched to Redmi, and disliked its cheapy user experience even More!ADVICE: Take a cut on small configurational benefits - the Chinese tempt you with that kind of (unimportant) stuff. The overall user experience of a Samsung vs the Redmi, is by Far, Worlds apart. Buy This over the Redmi ANY DAY.I FELT THIS WAY WITHIN 1 HR OF USING THE SAMSUNG PHONE, VS 1 YR OF USING THE REDMI NOTE 8.Wish I could exchange the Redmi during this sale, but that is One brand which is not being taken in exchange offers on any phones.Its Like buying a Bad piece of real estate.. !",5.0
"Its not good phone i was confused with redmi note pro max 9 and Samsung m31 , i bought this samsung m31 its picture quality is not at all good, very bad i can not use it for selfie it give bad effect, no use of filters also, compare to redmi i used earlier redmi note 7 that was thousand time better than this samsung m31. I am very unhappy, plus mobile data speed was good in my old redmi,, in this phone it takes lots of time.. we get irritate of it.  I trust on my Amazon a lott but i understood the issues of phone later as i started using very late. So 7 day return window was closed otherwise i would have returned it. Please don't buy it",1.0
"Good phone in mid range. Though the plastic back takes away the premium feel of using samsung brand. Function wise it's good. But looks wise the company could do better using glass or metal.Fingerprint reader is accurate and so is face recognition.Battery is powerful and long lasting. Keeps you going all day!Camera quality is awesome and comes with many cool features also! Pictures and videos are sharp and true to their color and high quality.Overall, it comes with many features and the brand Samsung adds to the value and trustworthiness of this phone!! Using it for three months now. Smooth and perfect.PA: no proper cover available. I wish samsung provided it.even if for extra cost with high quality for protection.Couldn't find any till date. Help me if someone has recommendations.:(",4.0
"Let’s start with the first strong point of the Samsung Galaxy M31, the design. The phone is quite lightweight in spite of sporting a huge 6,000mAh battery. The phone is quite comfortable to hold in your hand, though the one-handed operation is not that great. The sides are slightly curved, which provides a good grip and the power button is each to reach. The phone is available in two colour options, Ocean Blue and Space Black. We got the latter for review and it sure looks premium, though it picks up fingerprints and smudges, so putting in a case is the best option.Another area where the Galaxy M31 does a good job is the display. The smartphone is loaded with a 6.4-inch Full HD+ Infinity U display with a screen resolution of 2400 x 1080 pixels. The display is protected with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The display delivers some good results as the colours were bright and text looked sharp in our testing. Furthermore, the phone supports Widevine L1 support, meaning that you can stream HD content on Netflix and Amazon Prime Videos.Samsung Galaxy M31: Camera ReviewThe Galaxy M31 offers you improved performance in terms of the cameras. The phone is loaded with a 64-megapixel main camera with f/1.8 aperture, an 8-megapixel wide-angle camera with f/2.2 aperture, a 5-megapixel depth camera with f/2.2 aperture, and 5-megapixel macro lens with f/2.4 aperture. For the front, there will be a 32-megapixel selfie camera with f/2.0 aperture.Galaxy M31That said, the camera performance is quite decent in the daylight conditions. The photos came out to be punchy and well-detailed. The phone does a good job in taking macro shots, though you need to get used to it. The wide-angle lens offers you a better field of view, though detailing goes for a toss in this mode. The selfie performance is decent as well, though you might find some oversaturation in the photos.In low light conditions, the Samsung Galaxy M31 does an average job. In our testing, we found out the photo taken in low light conditions shows loss of quality. The details are not that impressive in nature and you will notice lots of grains and noises in the image. The wide-angle mode in the low light also performs quite average in our opinion as the results were not at all impressive. The Night mode comes to the rescue and the photos came out to be slightly better using Night Mode in the camera, though it automatically zooms in up to 2x when you switch to this mode. This some times spoils the whole composition, which can be frustrating at times. Moving on, the Live Focus mode is not that amazing as the edge detection still needs some improvements.Samsung Galaxy M31: Battery and Security ReviewGalaxy M31The smartphone is loaded with a 6,000mAh battery with 15W fast charging support. The major highlight of the Galaxy M31 is the battery backup. In our testing, we found out that the phone delivers up to 2 days of battery backup under normal to mixed usage. Even if you do lots of gaming or stream content, the battery life will not disappoint you. Coming to the charging speeds, the smartphone takes up to 2 hours to get from 3 per cent to 100 per cent.Coming to the security, the phone is loaded with a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor along with face unlock feature. The fingerprint sensor works just fine and you will not face any trouble while unlocking the smartphone. Furthermore, the face unlock feature works good in well-lit conditions, though it shimmers a bit in low-light areas.Samsung Galaxy M31: Performance ReviewGalaxy M31The Samsung Galaxy M31 is powered by a Samsung Exynos 9611 processor. This is the same chipset, which is found in Galaxy A51. The chipset provides some good results in day-to-day scenarios and you will not face any kind of lag or shutter. When it comes to multi-tasking or pushing the phone, it shows some sign of lag. In the gaming section, one can play casual games like Subway Surfers, Johnny Triggers and more without any lag, however, when it comes to high-end games like PUBG Mobile or Asphalt series, the phone does a decent job as well. That said, you will notice that the phone warms up quite a bit during extended gaming sessions.On the software front, the Galaxy M31 runs on Android 10 with company’s custom user interface OneUI 2.0 running on top of it. The user interface is refined as compared to the previous versions and you get new Dark Mode, which is a good thing. Apart from this, you get gesture-based navigation controls along with Focus Mode, Digital Wellbeing and Parental Controls. Apart from this, you get some standard features like double-tap to wake, gesture-based screenshot and more. On the downside, you still see a lot of bloatware in the phone including Google and Microsoft app suites along with other apps like Netflix, Facebook, Samsung Max and more. My Galaxy application is one annoying app that keeps sending you to push notifications throughout the day.",5.0
"I bought the model with 8GB RAM and I must say I am amazed with the speed and performance of the phone. Great looks, sleek, sturdy, stylish, with an awesome display (SUPER AMOLED) that brings out the colours in vibrant hues. The fingerprint sensor is amazing and also the face unlock is nicely responsive. It has a powerful battery (6000 mAh) which runs quite long and has a fast charging 15W charger that fails to disappoint. 128 GB is more than sufficient for storage and the camera quality is decent but not great. Overall, a steal deal at this price and a must buy for people who are looking out for a Made in India phone.",5.0
"After uses 15 days. I will give the review of Samsung Galaxy M31 is a brilliant smartphone. It's display is better than any other phone in this range. Cameras are very good. Battery is extreme. Performance is just at par not that good. Software the OneUI 2.0 is very good Android skin. Design wise, it's very well designed and built quality is very good as well. charging. Time approximately 2hr.So, overall a brilliant smartphone under INR 16.499,*Ratings are according to price i.e. 10 means best in the range not the overall best*.Design - 9/10 Good looks, brilliant built quality, very comfortable to hold with slightly curved edges.Display - 10/10 Brilliant, crisp and very bright display. 6.4 Inch FHD+ sAmoled display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection. The display from different viewing angles is beautiful.Software - 9/10 OneUI 2.0 based on Android 10. Very good software with very less adsHardware/Performance - 8/10 Decent performance. It comes with Samsung's Exynos 9611 chipset. It scores around 191391 on Antutu Benchmark which is just at par score. So, not that good but still decent performance)Battery - 10/10 (6000 mAh monster battery life with 15 W fast charger which takes around 2 hours to charge the huge battery. While the battery life is very solid, it can easily work for two days.)Camera - 8.5/10Rear - 8/10 (64MP main camera with f/1.8 aperture which captures brilliant detailed photos in daylight but struggles a bit in low light conditions. 8MP Ultra Wide-angle camera with f/2.2 aperture captures good photos in daylight but is of no use in the night. 5MP macro lens captures brilliant macros but again not for the night. Lastly a 5MP depth sensor which clicks brilliant portraits in both daylight and low light. Video quality is good and stable at 1080p while it lacks stability at 4K. But overall good camera.Front - 9/10 32MP camera with f/2.0 aperture. It clicks beautiful selfies in both daylight as well as low light.)Value For Money - 9/10 (At INR 16499, it offers one of the best display, monster battery life, decent performance and good cameras.",5.0
Amazing phone..Knock knock knock Sabka baap aaya... ♥️♥️🇮🇳🇮🇳,5.0
"This review is for users who mostly use mobile for calls, watching videos, some social media and photography!!Looks: This phone is Huge! For watching videos it is fun but handling it can be tricky... Plastic back is fingerprint magnet so cover is recommended.Screen: stunner! Big screen + amoled is great combination! Display is bright and Sunlight visibility also fine. Ambient light sensor works as expected.Always on display and double tap to wake up are handy features.Battery: it works as it should be! Typically lasts for 2 days with moderate usage.Few hours of youtube, long calls and even video calls(no gameplays)I am using it for a week now with 2 simcards.Charging is fast but due to huge battery takes long time if battery goes below 20%(Generally avoid draining phone to lower levels to maintain battery health and also to shorten charging time.)Performance: Everything works fine. animations are buttery smooth. RAM managements looks good. It's been only one week so i will update later if anything changes.Camera: Lovely! The main 64MP clicks only in 3:4 aspect ration but it is really crisp.Attached some sample shots.Macro lens surprised me! It is actually pretty useful and captures minute details, viole reproduction is also apt.Wide angle camera: This one i felt just ok! It should be minimum 13MP to give justice to details.Selfie cam: 32MP is more than sufficient! Clicks beautiful images. There are many things which selfie lovers might like.Video recording: stability is good. In low light it struggled little bit but overall no complaints. Hyperlapse and super slow modes are fun!Summary: If you want a mobile for your multimedia needs with long lasting battery, great display, fantastic cameras and Non China Brand you can trust this device!(Interestingly device came with Helo app preinstalled which is banned by govt. Had to uninstall it manually)",5.0
"2 STAR TO 4 STARDEAR ALLIM writing the review after usage of Samsang M31 after one month. The below review was written after 2-3 days of usage of same. But after 1 month I chage my mind and believe it's one of good phone cader. Not bad as wat I have written below( my early review)Battery back up is too good and performance wise to its a MONSTER. Camera too good. The only area in which the phone lage is loud speaker. That they have to improve.👍👍👍👍🤳Thx allMy early review👇Very much Disappointed  with the product M31 I was previously  using MI A2. I bought this after so much research from review from Amazon.  The major disappointment was with speakers both loud speakers & phone speakers  quality  is not at all acceptable. Very cheap sounds never ever I used it before in my entire life time.I play free fire ( only game I have in my mobile)In MIA2 (6GB Ram ,128 storage ) I never got up hang my mobile. But in case of M31 (8GB RAM 128 STORAGE) I got hang every time 🤣🤣🤣If you have other options plz go for it. I will never come back to Samsung in my life time.I hesitate to go for redmi before I  buy MiA2. This time too I thought to for Mi. Still gone for Samsung. But it proved me wrong.",4.0
"Hello All..I'm writing this review after few months of usage, but this should not be different as per my experience. I feel this instrument is having all necessary features in this price range for those who believe in smart work and nice user interface.I liked the most..- Android 10! Latest looks & works Beautiful...ahead of all- One UI is the superb experience as compared to other ones which are cheap. Feel the REAL look and damn useful features required for what is called as SMART WORK- Dark Mode is the best feature I wish for- Display is excellent with Blue light filter.- Performance is good. No heating or lagging.- 6000 mh battery is BIG- Both dedicated sim slots support VoLTE...i really appreciate this- The Mobile Mic and speaker is good and clear- Camera is really good.  Video stabilization option is excellent- Face unlock, figure-print sensor response is quickAdditional requirement- I wish Samsung should provide a screen guard and back cover along with the handset. This is very good business trend and customer convenience. This will also help to protect the instrument from Day1 of usage.Finally the icing on the cake is..If you are thinking to buy a new phone, you can always consider this on priority being proudly Made In India. The day is not so away...MONSTER will surely beat the DRAGON",5.0
"** Good or bad, Bot tells the truth **+ Good phone in this budget. There is no significant advantage to spend 10K extra on the M51+ Good camera in day light.+ Ok performance for apps. Display is sharp and responsive.+ Fast fingerprint reader. Lets you switch on the display without pressing any button. This increases the life of the power button.+ Good grip and round edges, feels good to hold the phone.+ Fast shipping, got it within 3 days.- Average camera in low light.- Display is too long and less wide, so youtube experience is compromised for full screen.- Default wallpapers have very low resolution, makes you fee the display is not good.- Battery is 6000 mAH but the backup time is only marginally higher than my 3000 mAH Samsung J7.- When I opened the packaging, the phone was already in switched on position and some extra apps were already installed. There was a small single scratch on the display as well. So do not expect a fresh piece when you order.- Annoying UI that will take time to get used to. Samsung should have opted for stock Android.",3.0
"I ordered the phone on 5th March'20 and got on 8th March'20 as promised by Amazon I had been using this phone for past 3 days. Kindly find my review below.Pros:Amazing battery. Single charge for 2 days minimum.Screen clarity is good. SAMOLED displayProcessor speed is ok.Played PUBG for continous 3 hours. Battery drained by 10% only.Phone is light weight.Wifi calling.5G wifi support.Loved this dark mode.Samsung VPN.Cons:Heating up issues as in all Galaxy M series.Camera quality is average.Full charge requires 2 hrs.Finally 15,999 for Samsung is ok to buy.",5.0
"I orderded 8 GB ram with 128 GB storage. Seriously, samsung is doing remarkable in this segment. I was Iphone user and seriously I purchased this phone to get more handy with android OS.Camera: Too good. Many options and works in almost all condition.Sound: Dolby supports to Bluetooth and wired headphones. AmazingDisplay: No competition.. sAMOLED is doing its best. The contrast is such black even you cant make difference between the body black color and the screen black color. Phone looks very nice when I use dark mode.Battery: Monster battery, full usage will give you 1 and half day life. if average use then it will last for 2 days.Charging Cable: it is only 0.5 Meter, Samsung why why are you giving such small length wire? how much are you saving 50 INR? Also i found the charging cable is with poor quality.No Case: Generally silicon case we get by 150 INR outside, samsung would have given it then it was good. but its not there in box.Overall this product is superb choise if you have budget under 20K (for this variant of 8GB RAM 128 GN Storage)",4.0
Its OS Software got crashed in first update build release and it happened to all the M31 devices,1.0
My previous 3 smart phone were of different Xiomi models. After the recent Anti China sentiments like most of the Indian customwrs I was also desperately looking for a good smart phone not of Chinese  origin. And yes Samsung Galaxy filled that requirement. This model Galaxy M31 is a good phone with a nice battery back up of 6000 mAH lasting for 2-3 days in normal use with fast charging capabilities. It has good quality quad camera with nice front camera. The finger print reader is very effective n prompt.  It does not have unwanted forced inbuilt Apps which you can not remove unlike in Xiomi models. Also it has a dedicated SD card slot unlike the hybrid slot in Xiomi where you can either put second SIM or a card. The sound n picture quality is really  good n clearly audible. With 6 GB RAM n 64 GB hard drive it can take care of all your processing n storage  requirements. All these package will cost you about 15500 which is a good deal for a mid range smart phone with a Made in India tag. Go for it.,5.0
I am using Samsung Galaxy M31 last 10 days. I feel I made best choice this time.1. Android v10.0 OS with 2.3GHz + 1.7GHz Exynos 9611 Octa core processor really good performance. No lagging.2. Excellent Display. Blue ligth filter is cool.3. 6000 mah battery is very usefull for continuous user like me. Fast charging & no heating problem.4. Camera is good. Macro performance is very good. Both front and rear camera support FHD video 3840x2160.5. Both dedicated sim slots support LTE.6. Mobile speakers sound is good but when I use earphone I am not getting full clarity.7. Finger print sensor response is compartively very good.8. When I ordered phone I was thinking it is big size but it is very handy..!9. Storage expandable upto 512GB is really usefull.I feel phone is really worth for the price & you may like to use it. Without doubt you may order.,5.0
"All M series are cheap and low quality phones. My m30s got stuck after an update. Went to service center,  they told mother board corrupted,  needed replacement. Price rs 8500. At service center 99% people there had same M series phone problem.",1.0
Worst mobile phone. After using 6 months it's Camera Qualy us tearned as in 5 megapixel camera.They are using very outdated technology. Full charge will take 4-5 hours and now it is dragging in 10-12 hours only.Video and image quality also turned very bad.What the rubish phone is? It's seems to phone like 2 years old in only 6 months.,1.0
"Tried to purchase using exchange offer scheme (discount by exchanging old mobile phone), the person came and rejected it even when the phone was in proper working order. The reason given was that there was a minuscule dent at the edge of the phone (not on the screen) which was rather insignificant as everything else was proper. It's an old phone; obviously there are going to be minute scratches and dents on the edges. You can't expect an old phone in pristine condition. But the important aspects like screen ,camera and rest of the hardware were intact and working fine. Amazon should not offer schemes that they have no intention of following through.",1.0
"I am really not satisfied with this Samsung M31. I'll be very quick to support my claims:1) Camera :- I do not find the rear camera to be 64MP, nor the front to be 32MP. Image quality is not appreciable, given the images shown in commercials. Wide angle images seem to be a little distorted/stretched from the edges.2) Battery: I don't find the phone's battery 'up to the mark'. That cinder block battery takes around 2 hours to charge from 15% to mere 65%. So. that's annoying especially when fast charging is being advertised everywhere. Also, if you use this phone just like any normal phone, you'll end with around 20% at 8-9 pm. I guess, this tower-sized battery has been given just to support this big device. Nothing more nothing less. No doubt, it's not a 'monster!'.3) Size:- Gone are those days when you could find a phone within this price change that actually fits in your pocket! I mean literally! The phone is big for hands as well as the pockets. After a few days, you'll find it more of like an annoying piece of plastic ruining your day to day activities.4)Speaker:- The speaker (main) of this device again falls behind mark. If you are used to watching movies/shows on this big screen of phones, the speaker falls behind miserably. The sound is not even loud or crystal clear.5) Authenticity issues:- With just two thin stickers joining the two boxes, this is perhaps the biggest issue.6) Weak sensors: The portrait to landscape mode shift takes 5 to 10 seconds!!!All in all, the phone was not at par with the price paid. The only thing I loved was the screen refresh rate.So, it's a NO-GO for me.",1.0
"Bought this product when launched at its lowest price, had to wait quiet long for the product after intense surveying because I was avoiding high end phones because life of each phone is nearly same, and during the pandemic it was of utmost importance to save each penny instead of spending freely and also wanted to avoid phones manufactured by China.I had decided to buy a phone within 20K and this phone gave me all features which are in top end phones(30K-40K), off course there is difference in the quality.1.Camera picture quality- Though it has nice cameras(number wise e.g 64MP,32MP) clarity of picture is not so good,but worth it in this price range.2.Battery- 6000 mAh it says but it isn't actually its 5825 mAH and I use a third party battery application called accu battery which is especially for battery its charging speed,health,discharging,sleep time etc. and it shows around 5400 mAH, so can't be sure of battery, though they have got a certification regarding this but am not sure.3.RAM- I have 8GB ram version and its worth it in this price range. Sometimes it lags but that is acceptable.4.Internal memory- 128GB its satisfactory, what is even better that it has a dedicated slot for memory card and since  had onnem my previous device I was happy in it.Overall speaking it is a good range phone, especially it is MADE IN INDIA, of a South Korean company.",4.0
"I purchased the Samsung M31 from amazon a few days back.  After using it moderately for about 15 days, touchscreen stopped working, calls could not be made or received, mobile shut down often  on its own, and did not shut off after the call was completed. Is this what you expect from the prestigious amazon?  i have my own doubts. . i purchased it on  exchange basis. My mobile was valued at 4700 and i had to pay 11000 over and above this.  Return window closed soon after mobile stopped working. Hence i could not hand it over earlier for refund.  I cant even get a refund or replacement from amazon now. All I say is that i got a very raw deal from  Amazon.",1.0
"The best thing about this phone is not its battery but the display. And the most acclaimed battery (and its charger) is a disappointment because it takes 3 hours to completely charge. Who has 3 hours to keep the phone for charging? Samsung should have provided a faster charger that could charge the phone in an hour and a half at the max, and a 15min dash to charge it 30 /35 percent. Apart from this the phone is great. Even now, Samsung can come up with a fast charger and people would buy it as per the recommendation instead of going for some other company charger which may damage the phone or its battery. Moreover the completely charged phone is good to go for one and half day for moderate use.A little more details after a couple of months usage. This phone needs to be little more rugged as it can crack at edges and screen very easily. An aluminum/any metal body would be much better. The battery after 2hrs 20 mins charge can easily take you through the day with above moderate usage. For heavy users, still a fast charging option may be required at the end of day. I mean who keeps phone to charge for 2+ hours? You cannot risk charge it whole night too. Samsung has produced a nice phone. It could be a game changer with some more changes.",3.0
Hello everyoneI was looking for a Chinese  budget smartphone since last 2 months..but when this boycott Chinese thing started.. I changed my mind.. and started looking for a made in india device.. samsung m31 is the one you are looking for under 20000. I have the 128+6 gb version.. the battery is super cool.. camera is also decent even in the night time. The night mode captures decent photos at night. The processor is decent and handle the apps pretty good.. despite of having a huge battery the phone is comparatively lite.. and it feels comfortable because of the edge on the side.. it helps in the better grip. Super amoled display is just wow.. better colours..accurate sharpness. Overall the phone is very good.. go for it without any doubtI hope this review is helpful.,5.0
Editing after using few days. Don't trust samsung. I have used so far 2 models. All flop.Lot many issues in this model - Camera shots coming blank.Bluetooth not working smoothly. Its braking in just 2 mtr away speaker. Other phone I had it was super fantastic iPhone old though. It was working if its 10mtrs also.Facebook watch videos flickering. Need to close all n open again to view from scratch.Buggy and  bulky model.Dislike same old UI icons. Bulky design like old mobiles. Camera is fantastic. Got screen glitch while playing preinstalled games. That shows some issue in software.Also Samsung forcebly adding few unneccessary games app in build which is not needed. Not able to figure out how to stop those popup alerts.,1.0
"I use my phone for almost around 18 hrs in 24hrs!! I don't know if the heating issue is due to that or not. But its getting heated up after using it for few mins. If you have your phone idle for sometime it cools down but then the instant you start to use it, it gets heated up. Can't have it over ear to speak on a call.PERFORMANCE : 4 starsCAMERA : 5 stars, too cool!!! Jus as promised!!BATTERY: 3 stars, cuz once its below 30, it starts to drain too quickly.SPEAKER: When playing COD/PUBG in landscape mode, the fingers goes over speaker and restricts the audio... Which is really annoying. If you switch to the other way, the notch takes up space and hides game controls like firing button.AUDIO JACK : Could've been on top. Being in bottom is so annoying that i couldn't place my phone over ground while on vid call.SCREEN CAST : Works perfectly. I tried with my Mi smart tv and its cool.Everything else is fine.Would be perfect if heating issue is fixed.",2.0
Not RecommendingDealer is not a trustworthy one. When we check with the Samsung App .. the delivered item is refurbished one.Quality of the camera is not so good especially indoor snaps. Selfie camera is so boring. Only Macro is excellent.Full battery charging will takes more than 2 hours. 15 W fast charger is a waste. I am getting an average a day backup only according to normal usage.Also due to the heavy size the comfort is very less.,3.0
"Worst phone ever i purchased in my life. First Time I was fool,only by his camera I was buy this phone. But camera quality is very poor. There is problem in Network also some time internet will not work properly. But when insert sim on my other handset I net will gave the very decent speed. I'm using this phone from 6months. But trust me this phone is horrible. And now there is no any option if I buy other handset by exchanging this. When go to exchange of the phone but there not available this phone in list. I need my money take your phone 😭",1.0
This mobile doesn't has dual VoLTE SIM slots. only SIM2 is VoLTE. got cheated.,2.0
"one of the best smartphone you can get at this price from the brand like samsung with Made in India tag. I ordered on the last day of online sale. I'm writing after few days of usage, but this should not be different as my experience with Samsung has been most consistent as compared to other mobile brands I've used earlier.Android 10! Beautiful looks!.Display is excellent with Blue light filter and what better than the emoled screens of samsungPerformance is good. No heating or lagging. Real Racing worked fine.Fast charging and 15W charger top with phone. The phone came with 0% charge. Charged fast.FeedbackFeels good in hand and in use. It is a powerhouse and you feel it.Will update after few days of use, but don't have any doubt as of now.Go for it without any doubt.",5.0
The biggest  mistake  that I spent my  money on this phone. Never expected  this from Samsung.It worked  well for first month but then it started to hang or heat up a lot.I thought it might happen since it has 6000mh battry.But from 10th month many a time j face black screen  problem.Phone is on but screen does not work.I did troubleshooting  method  but nothing  happed. Next day it started working. Again next day it worked and so is this problem  repeated.Due to pandemic the service  center denied and asked to come after covid is in control.This not only happened  with my phone but I can hear this issue from my friends too.Really  unhappy  with samsung m31,1.0
"You will love it, if this is the phone for you. I use the phone for light gaming, YouTube, music on BT headphones, occasional long phone calls or video calls, some quick photos from time to time.In my usage I didn't have any problems yet.Can get through the entire using 60-70% of battery with 7+ hours of screen on time.Light gaming is not a problem gets a little warm if using for some time.Heavy gamers don't go for this one, specially if you are concerned about throttling or frame drops, otherwise it is okay for regular games.Primary camera is decent no big issue after updates, I only use primary camera. Wide angle is usable but not the best. I never used macro and depth.Secondary camera is also good at this price. Note : I disable beauty modes etc, those just make your face look weird.Attached a same photo in regular mode, not 64 ( blacked out serial number intentionally 😃 ). I'm sure that image will compress when uploading but believe me it's good.Audio call and network quality is good. No Bluetooth or wifi issues. Dolby Atmos is good to change the equalizer to your taste.Display has awesome contrast and colors and you can change settings for it.Please do buy a case, the back plastic is a fingerprint magnet. Also you don't want to drop test the beautiful screen. Build quality good, but it is not that great when compared to Nokia or Samsung S or A series.Coming from stock android the OneUI is good, it takes some time getting used to it. Miss the haptic feedback on keyboard. Do opt out of the marketing stuff in the initial setup to get the best experience. Some oneUI features are really awesome.On software I would caution users to read online reviews before updating the Samsung updates. Most of the updates bring good features, read before install and you will be okay.Hope this detailed review is helpful to new buyers.",4.0
"The Box Contents :The Phone, Charger(15W), C-Type Charging-cum-usb Cable, Some Related PapersFirst Impressions :The Package was packed well and the Samsung  Box was compact.The phone has a impresive design and the weight was well distributed.After a week usuge:1. Display: As the Specification refers, it is sAMOLED. The brightness is well maintained  even in bright sunlight  you see the display  pretty  well. The viewing  angles  are also good. No color  changes  when views angles  gets changed. No queries  from my side.2. Body: The body is Plastic Back built with Gorilla  Glass 3 protection  at the front, the body felt a bit heavy as compared  to other phones  of this budget  section( of course thanks to massive battery).3. SIM Tray: The sim tray has the 2+1 Sim and MicroSD slot.4. Front Camera: Performed  well in Natural as well artificial lighting. Can see the detailed  texture  on the face(just turn off the Beauty  effect) and the one of the main function  is that during  calls, front camera  is used as ambient  light sensor  to turn off the screen. Some may find this not helpful it's  all about the habbit  that is to be developed with time.5. Speakers: Single speaker at the bottom right. I played  musics of high  frequency  and bass, at high sound it losses  it quality a bit but yes at 70-80% volume the sound was good and satisfying.The ear piece sound quality  is exceptionally  great.6. Rear Cameras:  The design  of Quad Cameras  impressed me, on the top left it got a 5MP sensor and below that we got a 64MP main camera module and below that we have a 8MP wide-camera and on top right corner we got a 8MP wide angle-lens and below it we got a single LED flash.The 64MP images are out the box. But you will notice  the overall  quality  of normal 16MP photos  are a bit rich as compared  to 64MP photos as capturing  image in 64MP and rendering  it to 16MP increases  it's  quality.The Live Focus  is impressive and the blurring  edge of the photos  is great in natural light but found a bit low in artificial  lighting.  I am satisfied very well.The wide camera Performed  pretty  well and got satisfactory  results.I am bit disappointed  with the Macro Lens that didn't  performed well, however  in multiple  shots I got a good quality  macro photo. But using main camera  for macro photos gives great results.The LED was pretty  good but it can be a bit more brighter but who cares, when it has a 64MP camera with night mode. Yes the night mode is exceptionally  well.7. Battery:  Yes the massive  6000mAH battery  is worth  called massive. I got the screen-on period  of 10hours in a single  charge.  On using it in a average way gave me around  30 hours of backup.8. Performance:  I experienced  buttery smooth  performance in using  it in above average usage.  But I will say that you can get  a bit lags in heavy task like playing heavy games. Yeah, you will not get that performance  as it doesn't  got a gaming  processor.But in daily routine jobs you can depend on it always you will never get a lag.The only visible  difference  between  M30s and M31 is that the Camera Module area is 2MM wider in M31 and the placement  of secondary  mic. is in top left in case of M31 and which  is on the right in M30sAs a average user 60Hz display  is okay for me, I didn't  experienced  any frame  drops.Overall the phone is pretty impressive and will never let you down in day to day task but for gaming you will face some issues like a bit heating, frame drops at high settings.I will reccomend  this product  for average  users. This phone performed well in medium setting in gaming and has a good AI in camera. It is good for photography and this 6GB/128GB black version is just out of the box.",5.0
"I was planning to buy one more M51, after seeing M31 I have changed my mind to move out of samsung.* Wify signal reception is very bad on 2.4ghz. all other phones even cheaper onece are good compare to this.* My screen also brok on my fist hand slip, not even a big fall it was from a 3 or 4 feet hight. Not sure is it really a Gorilla glass :( its really bad. I need to get a new screan and this time will put a screan guard.* Performance is very bad after one month something is really wrong. Even after updating software. Looks really cheap and Samsung just grabbing money using cheap and untested phones.",1.0
"Bought this during the lockdown as my current phone was having issues. Read a few online reviews and watched couple of you tube review videos before taking the plunge. Well not disappointed so far.Pros:a) The screen is big and crisp in picture quality. The colors are vivid although I changed it to natural via settings as in vivid they were too bright sometimes. But that's a personal preference.b) Battery life is good. Gives atleast 6-7 hours of SOT and will vary upon usage.c) Having a dedicated microSD slot is a advantage when you have two sims to use.d) The fingerprint sensor is pretty snappy in response. Haven't tried the face unlock feature yet.e) Speaker output is good and can be heard pretty easily. Although would have preferred a stereo setup.Cons:a) Bit on the heavier side but can be expected due to the huge battery. Although well balanced.b) The processor although snappy seems a bit laggy during couple of app transitions. maybe the software can be tweaked to fix this.c) Not a gaming monster but recent games can be played at lower-mid quality depending on the title.d) Samsung bloatware need to uninstalled....not a big fan of so many unnecessary notifications from them.For the deal price of 17K for the 8GB variant, it was a value for money purchase and definitely a good buy. Kudos to seller and Amazon for the prompt delivery the next day.",5.0
"I mainly got samsung for its battery life.. usually I'm comfortable with Nokia for its battery life and rough handling..and previously I had Nokia sirocco..  this time I was considering poco and samsung m 31.. it's a good budget phone with very good battery life.. I use it for watching videos and it comes for 2 days.. camera quality is good for me, though not like nokia 8 ,but good enough for the price..I don't take selfies.. I've put the phone down from hip level 3 times accidentally and it has not broken so far.. better to have a flip cover for protection.. so my overall experience is very good as I got it after reading a lot of specifications.. I don't play games so I don't know about that.. why I didn't choose poco or redme was coz of the ads and battery life..hope it helps..",5.0
"After using the Samsung Galaxy M31 with 6 GB ram and 128 GB storage for more than 2 months, I list following pros and cons:A. Pros1. Very good display quality. Watching videos is a delightful experience2. Quad camera and selfie camera are very good. Low light photos in night mode are excellent with the 64MP main camera3. Fingerprint sensor is very accurate and fast4. Apps load quickly as expecteB. Cons1. Battery life is not as expected from 6000 mAH massive battery. Lasts about one and half days with normal use. Few phones with smaller batteries last for same time.2.charging the battery fully takes a very long time (about 2 hrs 15 mins from 15% to 100%) inspite of ""fast charging"", which is very disappointing.Overall the phone is very good and highly recommended.",5.0
"Bought the M31 around 2 weeks back. Extremely satisfied with the perfomance. Battery life is amazing, getting more than 1 full day with extra-heavy usage (usually my phones last half a day on a heavy use day). With moderate usage, it can go up to 2 days on a full charge. Video edits, image edits, hours on Facebook and whatsapp, around 2 hours of calling per day. Camera is outstanding with sunlight and in medium light conditions. In very low light, the camera is average, but definitely not bad. Macro shots are amazing. 64mp option for images create crystal clear images of upto 20-25 mb size!!. There has been no lag whatsoever with multiple heavy app usage yet. Fingerprint reader is superfast and has taken more than one try to unlock only a couple of times so far, that too when my finger was moist. Build quality seems really good, i use the phones with care, but my activities are usually rough, and this phone hasnt failed. Amoled is amazing. I am using an amoled screen for the first time, and it is truly stunning. Actually its been a long time since i have been looking for all the options that M31 has offered, and very few other phones have all these (6000 mah battery, amoled screen, stunning camera with slow motion and superslow motion)packed into one, and that too at a really attractive price.",5.0
"Camera quality could have been upgraded. Evin though its 64MP, in low light  this is useless. Pic and video quality us bad in low light.Battery too doesn't last as for long. My Vivo U10 BATTERY performance is better compared to M 31 also the video and pic quality at night too is good if you compare it to M 31.The reason I purchased is because of the name Samsung. I somehow feel dissatisfied and disappointed.Price is ok and inbuilt memory is good.Have been using it from mid March 2020. Certain observations....a) twice the mobile restarted on it's own.b) heating issues when charging.c) on two occasions the mobile took around 6 hours to charge (100%).Now here is my review after the recent software update. I am giving it an additional star 🌟 from 3 to 4 .Major improvement are1. Cammera Single takes.2. Pic quality3. Video quality. Needs more improvement in stability and quality in night mode.4. No laging or hanging of phone. Automatic restart of the mobile has stopped.Overall the phone is great. I am now a satisfied owner of this mobile",4.0
"Samsung M30S mobile is a very waste mobile in my life.I purchased Samsung Galaxy M30S via their online portal in Nov 2019 for Rs.13,999. I did not have any issues with the phone until last week. I used it for 19 months exactly. As I was checking my emails, the phone suddenly hanged. I tried to switch it off and then it got switched on ..only to get stuck at the Samsung logo. At the authorized service center, I was asked to replace the motherboard at a cost of Rs.8770.08. I am shocked at this enormous cost!I am disappointed with the quality of this Samsung product. I don't play games on this phone, use a company-provided charger only. How can the phone run into such a big issue with minimal usage? I really don't know.also so many software bugs in mobile. please don't buy this Samsung mobile. Don't waste your money time. service also very poor.",1.0
"For camera:Change lens to 64 mp in camera setting. Change camera resolution to fhd or uhd.Using macro requires a little bit of understanding.Battery has 3 modes always keep on medium amd check the optimised button. While sleeping keep it on maximum.These are the issues people are facing because they have not fully set their phones.Now,The camera is genuinely amazing. Night shot are extremely well colored and aren't dull.Processor - the exynos 9611Simply put it resembles 675AIE in performance than the 722 AIE. So, that's one factor you need to consider.What does it mean?It means playing  PubG in ultra graphics will be a problem. Just that, at the extreme frame rate the phone will not be able to do it.Note:only at extreme frame rate dies the phone sort of fails.For everything else the maximum RAM usage is 4.2 and then under device care ckean your RAM. Also set the time to automatically clean your phone.Samsung UI is extremely good. It resembles stock android and the bloat ware is not annoying.Screen is next level. sAMOLED screen does its job.",5.0
"I am not sure what but I feel something is missing. The finger print sensor is not good. Sometimes it does not read finger print and we have to enter the pass code or pattern. Camera and battery is good. For medium usage it gives backup for almost two full days. With 2 hours of browsing Facebook and other websites, and about 2 hours of calls...using Bluetooth almost 7-8 hours a day. Battery still lasts for almost full 2 days.",3.0
"What can I say! When the phone arrived I really loved it, it looked a little heavier than my last phone, but otherwise it was good.But then why this one star review!Few days later, the phone was accidentally dropped from a height of around 1 foot and the display broke. The phone would not turn on no matter what I would do. I decided to take it to the service center thinking that this would be covered under warranty, but they clearly said this would not be covered. The display panel would cost more than 5k and I would need to wait at least 7 days. Fine, I thought. Then I received a call letting me know that the part is not available, so they will give me a refund coupon after deducting the cost of the part thats not in stock. Okay. I got the coupon. The coupon by the way can only be redeemed at designated samsung stores and not everywhere. It is also not redeemable online. So, I went ahead and got the lesser mortal M21 deciding not to invest much in any other Samsung mobile phone. But seriously I have used Lenovo and Honor and Vivo in the past. Why would a mobile handset be so fragile in 2020! It reminds me of the time when first these kinds of smartphones were introduced and one had to be really careful. Not only that, I saw many people with M31 queuing up outside the service center. I don't think the present mega review online justifies the experience of many users.Parting questions -1. Why create such a fragile phone?2. Why no spare parts available? Does it mean there are huge complaints already?Dear Samsung, honestly I expected better.",1.0
"Before zeroing in on the Samsung Galaxy M31, I researched the smartphone market in India and tabulated the data in terms of specs. For those looking to not give their money to the Chinese who are using the money to attack our country, among the Non-Chinese smartphones, the M31 presented the most bang-for-buck on paper.The M31 really good in every department, including in its massive 6k mAh battety, its AMOLED display, Android 10 OS, 6GB of RAM, 128GB ROM, Samsung's slick UI.At the sub 20K price range, the phone is an excellent buy.For photographers though not so much since it does not fully support CAM2API. Photographers can snag the Asus 6z, for its throw away price of 28k. The 6z supports shooting in RAW as well, unlike the Samsung M31.For the regular Joe though, the Samsung Galaxy M31 is a pocket friendly Non-Chinese phone option that is compelling.Amazon's delivered 1 day ahead of schedule.",5.0
"Detailed opinionFingerprint scanner- quick but you have to clean the sensor before usingCamera- selfie is ok rear camera is amazing in natural lightings but average in darkBattery- excellent i get 3 days backup for using about 5 hrs a day of heavy to moderate usageScreen- super colour reproduction and very responsiveBuild- phone is very well balanced doesnt feel heavy and material is durable .just keep a back cover to avoid scratchesCharging- average charging time it takes 3 hrs in normal mode and about 2 hrs in fast charging modeSpeakers-decently loud but very clearSoftware-one ui is the best. No bloatware,good ram management,automatic ram cleaning,and looks very neat and organisedOnly one issue that it heats up a little bit while fast charging at 9volts. 1.6 amp.but at normal mode no complaints.Very well made phone that decently handles games and gives great performance for day to day tasks like watching videos and using social media.it is made for daily use and casual gaming",5.0
Overall a good package at this price point. A brilliant phone what a below average software.Review update :My initial views were based on out of the box device. But I am happy to complete change my view to - a brilliant phir at this price point.Why this change of heart?The out of the box phone was a very powerful device only limited by its software. However in last few months Samsung has surpassed my expectations with its software release. Now this phone can stand head to head in functionality with ant high end phone.Kudos to Samsung.,5.0
"First of all I received the phone I was incredibly happyIt says it has 6000amper but I found it was not up to the expectationsIt takes around 3:30 hr to charge completely while it should only take approx 2:30 hr,even battery drains out quickly within 8-9hours on WiFi the battery turns from 100% to 17%-this is how 6000mah works????? ofcourse not!!!!It heats up a lot while charging like about to burstFor me it was a terrible experience ,I will not recommend anyone to purchase Samsung m31 , Samsung is a brilliant industry which makes brilliant and durable products but its only applicable to their high rated phones(above 60000rs)In the case of m31 they have too many compromises which reduces the battery efficiency,camera quality and all and you not need to waste even 17499rs for that you can get these lower performance even in the budget😉 of 6000rs,for me it's a high rated product with low I mean very low performanceBetter to by any other brand products in place of using this phone by Samsung!!!!!!!Anyways Samsung is the brilliant company but here they are making compromises in low priced productsSo same your time and money both,😁😁😁😁What's inside the box-adaptor with able,phone,warranty papers,pin and that's it😵😂And now I don't want the product coz for me even 17499rs matters alot",1.0
"Okay so writing the review after using the product for 23 days..the product is good overall but there are many things i would like to mention here...first of all if u r a xiomi mobile user don't go for this one because it is not at all easy to use devices when it comes to its features compared to xiomi ..you have to install music player,app lock separately and in the applock of samsung u cannot hide notifications of particular apps...camera quality is really not satisfying as it says it is 64 mp camera...coming to battery life i would say it is good ..if phone is 100% charged then it survies for 8 to 9 hours of use...and if you use phone moderately it can survive for 12 hours max..i don't know phone has screen recording feature or not as i am unable to find it till now...it has a bit of heating issue i must say..my phone got hang for 5 to 7 minutes today itself and not even power button was working..setting is quite confusing or i may say not easy to use...i hope in next update they will make it better..Now coming to pros of the phone...even being 6000mah battery it gets charged comparitavely to other phones..speakers are awesome...fingerprint sensor works too quickly...camera captures good pictures in dim light also..processor is fantastic as it works without taking any time even if u are working on many apps at a time...",3.0
"I had ordered this phone for my mother's birthday to make her happy but guess what it ruined it rather  because the phone is defective, major issue with charging - 20% charging in one hour!! I have complained to seller on amazon, hopefully if they are genuine, responsible and honest seller, they should respond and exchange this defective product! And if they don't, i will post that too so that all amazon users can be careful and don't order from this seller and don't waste their hard earned money and spoil special days!!",1.0
"Samsung M31Reviewing this after one and half month of using this mobile.Pros1. Display is excellent2. Light weight ( though having 6000MAh battery)3. Battery life is good can use for 9 hours continuously with single charging4. No heating, No lagging overall performance is good5. Dual SIM slot ( both supporting LTE) and dedicated memory Card slot is given6. Camera performance is really good specially the Macro feature.Cons1. Charging takes lot of time about 3hrs to get fully charged.2. Mobile Speaker sound quality is not that goodFeedbackI think with this price range Samsung is providing decent features and this is the best mid range mobile phone available in the market. Samsung is actually improving it's performance.",4.0
Display: sAmoled display is a really greatTouchscreen and fingerprint sensor: Great responsive touchscreen and fingerprint sensorBattery: Great Battery life for basic usage.. NOT for gamersLook wise it is just like other M series phones . little bit here and there but you wont feel any difference.Speaker and Sound:  The worst experience with Music and sound on this phone.. other phones in this price range play like wooferCamera :: basic phones with 8mp camera might give you better shot when I compare this 64 quad cam of this phone and the same with selfie camera.Wifi connectivity: It do not work well with wifi... it keeps disconnectingtake a lot of time opening the inbuild functions.. ex: battery usage and basic phone feature..sometime feels like performance level went back to year 2002 of this phone.,2.0
"After around 50 days of using it, I will describe you my experience.Firstly, kudos to Amazon for such a quick delivery and excellent packaging.Coming to the mobile, the first impression is just amazing. Its smooth, fast and you can't come out of it.The display is stunning and camera is amazing. Battery backup is also too good. And it took me 40 min to charge from 2% to 100%.PROS:CAMERA - 4.8/5BATTERY- 5/5Display - 4.7/5Performance - 4.8/5Speed - 5/5Gaming experience- 4.8/5CONSNo screen guard or phone cover (As it is provided with Chinese phones)Camera design could have been made better (But I feel better compared to Apple 11 pro)Overall: 4.7/5 Samsung proves again why its the BEST MOBILE right now. Go for it.Made In India Made By Indians and Made For Indians.",5.0
Well 5 stars to Amazon delivery and service team.The phone I received had some issues with voice quality. It had a weird vibration and echo that use to come while talking. And calls did go blank in between. Not a network issue as I tried using multiple sim.They scheduled a replacement after a technician visit. Same issue persisted. So may be its defect in the make.Camera quality was pretty average. Pictures in day light were decent. Under low light the quality is horrible.Battery life of the 1st model I received was good. Charged pretty fast too. The second one had issues of heating up and battery hardly lasted for 12 hoursWell here it took longer for the refund but have to give starsto the support team at Amazon who kept up the follow up till we got a resolution. Really happy with both the customer service agents who helped in the process.,3.0
"Camera is good, call quality is good but the other person's voice can be heard outside even though the volume is low, when you are on call, which is a flaw in samsung phones.Speaker quality when you are speaking from a distance, in WhatsApp video calls is not good. I tried this with MI and they are much better.The major drawback is the claim made by Samsung about fast charging. Only 35-40% gets charged in one hour. So it takes almost 3 hours for full charge. I had Motorola G5 Plus which charged 60-65% in one hour, which means full charge in 1.5 hours.",3.0
I recently  updated from redmi note 5 pro to Samsung M31.Pros1. The build quality is good. 2. S Amoled display is fantastic its a different experience compared to my old redmi note 5 pro3. In today social network era and with GPS navigation required for easy movement from one place to another best thing what we want is bigger battery and M31 has a monster battery.4. The camera  quality is very good5. The call quality is good better than my previous phone.Really happy with my purchase .,5.0
"Lovely phone with amazing featuresBeautiful design, I have chosen  ocean  blue and I loved the color .The camera is very precise and with many functions that my previous mobile did not have and I am loving playing with it.It is good smartphone for peoples who are mostly views movies videos etc.. The battery has good runtimes and a fairly good fast charge. The design is quite flat and I like it .the idea of it going out and having 2 SIM cards and a memory card in the same cabin is pleasant. In terms of capacity and speed there is no complaint. Otherwise I'm happy, I hope her performance continues like this.Awesome and brillant smartphone in this range.",5.0
"Camera clarity is same as 48mp in Redmi note 8. There is no difference. 5MP macro is very waste comparing with 2MP macro in Redmi note 8 (better) and I am Very much upset that in this price range samsung is not providing the clarity  and IR blaster which is not included.  One more thing I don't know why Samsung is not providing headphones now, there is no back case or screen guard.  Please try to include.Not satisfied with CAMERA @ 64MP rear and 34MP Front..  these figures are just for mentioning only but not providing actual clarity.And one more thing..This product is not a scratch proof glass/ Corning gorilla glass. Scratches has happening continuous while putting in the pocket.",4.0
"Samsung m31 6gb 64 gb  Black 👌  Great indian festival on Amazon.₹155001. SBI card 10% ₹1500 discount2. Amazon cash back ₹25003. Finally I got ₹11500.Pros :-1.Battery on internet connection  screen on time  8 to 8.5 hours2. Display quality 👌  super under 20 k3.Now single take aviable via updates 🤩4.One UI is my favorite 😍5.Camera quality also excellent6.Value for money 💰  at ₹115007.Under ₹12000 Exynos 9611 Is Good oneCons:-1.Samsung give only 15 W charger. & M31 Maximum charging speed 15 W only 😔(18W&25W&33W not supported )2. The battery performance not 6000mah,feels 5000mah . They Exynos 9611 is 10 nanometer Architech processor.  They consume Maximum power. In this price range poco give snapdragon 720 g &8 nanometer processor.3.M31 taking Full charge time 160 minutes, they highly disappointed 😞 😒4.The builds are plastic.  On fingerprints heavily scratched with using of cases 😔5.Samsung not give internet speed indicator & Screen Recorder.6.Ultra wide camera 👎  not ok",5.0
This mobile is featured with 64MP rear camera and 32MP front..But after taking few snaps with both rear and front cameras ... The pictures of both are very poor and resolutions are not exact as given to this mobile....At present I am using Oppo F5 6GB mobile.. which has 16MP Rear and 20 Front.. after comparision with pictures taken with phone are far better than Samsung M31(64MP) (32MP).What to do today only i did received my wished Samsung M31 phone.. but bitter experience... Not satisfied... I hoped better resolution pictures but finally ended with disappointment.,2.0
"Booked on 9 th August and Got delivery on 10 th August.From very starting seen the battery charging issue. Even for charging for more than 6-7 hours never charged to full capacity. After 30 days situation worsened. So it landed to service centre. Another story can be written on  experience with Samsung service centre. ( to mention one thing --Not single employee wears mask at service centre .. seems all are superhuman) .So  after using hardly for 30 days  it's gone to service centre and found issue with charging port. Brand new equipment with charging port issue??? What's next awaiting God knows.Now can't return it, as return period is only 10 days after purchase. So stuck with this now.Think well before investing hard earned money in this.Dikhave pe mat jaao ....",1.0
"This is super cost saving budget phone from samsung.Pros-Best display in this budgetCamera is fineBattery is okayConsSuper slow phoneCheap wifi modules with poor speedMobile network is pathetixlcally slow, tested at same spot same sim in 2 phonesless responsive touchstrictly for moderate use and ususal entertainment not for pros.",3.0
"One serious issue i got after using it for a month, and i also read many similar comments in samsung community that is the restart issue. The phone sometimes restarts suddenly when we are still using it. And I really dont get any clue why this happens. No warnings, no reasons displayed. It just restarts suddenly..It has happens approx 6-7times during the last month.Overall it's good. But there features which are different from what I expected.The charger is not that slow. It's good enough.The battery doesn't last that long as I expected. Its above average.The position is of earphone jack is at the bottom, which is not convenient for me personally. Especially during video calls, it better to have at the top.The RAM is 6GB but 2-3gb is pre occupied. So I suggest only go for 6GB RAM.The loud speaker could be better in terms of quality as well as intensity of loudness.Overall it's a very good phone.",4.0
Good phone...I bought it for my wife really satisfied.Following are my personal experiences:a) touch - very fast response no laggingb) battery - for heavy users it wi lSt for a say or half else normal users two days. Charger us type c so fast charging js possible.c) Camera- I found it to be decent.e) Finger sensor: vefy quick and fast response nevertheless thw face recognition is also impressive.f) Processor:  it is good enough and i dont face any hanging or delay issue..Mostly i covered if still any doubts please respond on coments i try to answer to my best knowledge...I found it to be a monster one and happy to use it...,4.0
"Its been over 3 months now with this phone. Some highlights :1. super amoled screen- probably the best display in the 11 to 20 k rupees segment, hands down. Much needed if are like me and you read alot on kindle etc. Having used an amoled once, won't go opt for other screens ever!2. Free VPN with Samsung max, so better privacy3. Its Made in India, and the ultimate profits go to South Korea, where samsung is headquartered (not China).4. A pretty low Sar value. So a much safer phone than its competitors, especially Chinese brands, in terms of the amount of radiation u are exposed to.5. Battery life is not that great as they proclaim to be, but it's still good.6. The camera is pretty good in this price range, and the front camera also does its job pretty well. (Tip- you need to change snge the default resolution of the camera to 64 mp to utilize the full power of the lens. Many people don't do this, and then they write bad about the camera)7. A fast charger- thought not as fast as other high end phones, the charger is a good improvement from standard chargers in this price range.8. Much more reliable than Chinese brands, and rest assured, they won't steal your data and won't snoop on you.What it doesn't have - an IR blaster, But that's not a big deal.",5.0
"You will get handset, charger , usb cable, and ejector pin in the pack.Fingerprinted reader fast.Battery life good.Screen color good.Camera good. You need to select 64mp to use camera in 64mp mode by default it set to lower resolution.Top side of Phone getting too much heated while in video call , or while using camera video recording.I called amazon support , they asked to do factory reset but no change.Playing YouTube video at 480p phone temp reaaches 42 degree.Wifi very weak, not receiving signal from my v380 CCTV.",2.0
"Sometimes finger sensor doesn't work like A series.. means if ur finger r little wet it doesn't work properly . But I love this mobile , after many search I choose it and it is best as per my choice. Camera is good for orginal photography, samsung always captures the original picture not like realme or MI type extra brightness.",5.0
"Improved a lot...I bought Samsung M30 while an year ago and very disappointed with the product especially from mob gaint SAMSUNG. Now with M31 model Samsung improved a lot comparing to the M30  In terms of performance and design and External Speaker( Above Avg than Avg). Camera segment  as well.After usage of 1 month here are pros and cons.Pros -Display Quality 4.5 / 5Performance - 4 / 5Heating  - 4.5/ 5Battery - 4 / 5Weight 4.5 / 5Network Coverage - 4 / 5Cons -Majorly, External Speaker ( Above Avg) in short not bad or not good.. ( Samsung have to focus on speakersstill on these models) 3 / 5No Fast charging support ( it takes 2.5 - 3 hours for full charge) 3 / 5Design/Build - 3.5 / 5Overall, have to say tremendous improvement in their SAMSUNG products and giving very tough competition to other flagship models.Of course great thanks to Seller and amazon as usual for sending this..hassle free process.",5.0
"The phone works fine. But the glass got an internal crack. This happened even when you do not drop or hit the phone. The Samsung service person says whatever be the reason, glass is not under warranty. The charge for the glass is also around Rs. 5000/- more than 20% of the cost of the phone.Pathetic.",1.0
All are good but I don't think that 6000mah battery works like 6000mah ...battery life not up to the mark what I have desired ...samsung engineers must work on it .otherwise all things are perfect..compared to the price but those who say that 6000 mah battery goes for two days they are wrong  it works max 12 hrs on screen continuously but if u are not a hardcore user it works 1 day full. Those gyz who says in you tube that it works 1 and half day or two days ..that does not perfectly match with the reality.One more think charging time is very high u need 3 hrs to recharge it from zero to 100%. I don't have problem with the charging time but those who have problem with the charging time they may shift to a better option.,5.0
"Hang mobile 3,4,second,heating  major problem's,fingerprint reader properly  not work one times then miss match,camera qulity blurs,battery draining issue",1.0
"I ordered this phone and received on time. Thanks to Amazon. But once I opened the packet, the box was sealed, but the phone looked to be used already like may be for 1-2 days. There was a little scratch on the side of the phone, many applications weren’t working properly on the phone (ex: YouTube, Spotify), but eventually YouTube was fine but Spotify still has problem. I thought it to be problem of software, I reset the phone but nothing helped. Amid lockdown, I made peace with the phone but the just on the second day I was having problem with phone like my voice to the other person on calls was distorted and the other time the other person’s voice to me was distorted. I called amazon, twice thrice, but they suggested to diagnose the problem through their so called smart check application and my bad luck, and it didn’t show any problem. And for scratches, the amazon guys asked me to send photos but I don’t have DSLR to capture those small scratches (poor me). I ended up being denied for replacement or refund for the phone.I feel I am cheated on this particular product, I have invested rs. 15999 for a not reliable phone in my hand. It may stop working any time.Poor experience with amazon as well as the Samsung galaxy m31.I don’t even want to keep this phone, It gave me that bad experience in just 2 days of using it. But amazon is not supporting at all.",1.0
This is best thing you can get at this price from a reputed brand with Made in India tag.Android 10! Beautiful looks! Finally I can delete SMS from notification now!!- Display is excellent with Blue light filter.- Performance is good. No heating or lagging. Real Racing worked fine.- 6000 Mah battery is BIG- 128 GB storage is pretty good. 512 GB card supported with dedicated external card slot.- Both dedicated sim slots support LTE- Fast charging and 15W charger top with phone.- Mobile speakers sound is good.- Camera is really good. Macro performance is very good - look at skin in tatoo photo and dust perticles in deskphone photo!! (photos of M31 are from other phone). Both front and rear camera support FHD video 3840x2160. I may not require to carry my DSLR everyehere.- Face unlock / figure-print sensor response is good.It's a Real Monster.Thanks Samsung.,5.0
"This mobile have network connectivity problem at it's peak..i was using many other brand mobiles and i didn't face any network issue..this is my first samsung mobile, and for the first time i faced the network for both browsing and calling..even i have the fast network providing sim in my area.. i posted this issue on Samsung member community application.and i came to know thwt Many Samsung galaxy M31 phone users are facing this problem..still no update or reply for this..iam still frustrated about this issue",2.0
"This phone is a winner. Absolutely stunning camera @64 MP. Excellent battery life, still running after extensive excitement use by my daughter. Biometric scans both face and fingerprint work well. Video quality is excellentAwesome cost.The only drawback Galaxy store works well, the play store doesn’t.",5.0
"Hardwarw is good for normal use.Software is pathetic. Half the apps installed are bloatware and i am sure Samsung gets hefty profit.  Not only this, every update comes loaded with same bloatware. You have to uninstall the same useless apps again and again. Moreover, random advertisements creep up unexpectedly. This amount advertisement greed is unparalleled in the 6 Samsung phones i have bought over time including Note. Basically you end up paying for a higher end cpu to process meaningless advertisemnt information abd battery life suffers. All this is packaged under AI name.  I will not buy samsung anymore, however attractive their display. Choose ASUS or worst case iphone. Or google phone.",3.0
I had a horrible experience after buying Samsung M31 immediately after it's launch. The screen display got non-functional just in three months of usage. My display got blacked out just in two minutes while I was watching video. Screen went completely black as if it's switched off. The mobile didn't have any physical damage and mishandling. There was not a single game installed and I used the mobile during lockdown just for calling and and watching videos. When I contacted the Samsung service center they called it's liquid damage called bleeding and it comes under physical damage and therefore I will have to bear the repairing charges of display change which is 5000 rs. I am really disappointed with the service and company policy where the consumer is exploited for non-functioning of mobile even though it happened on its own. Buying such an expensive mobile which doesn't work for few months is really not acceptable and company should take a note of that and act accordingly in favour of the consumer. Substandard products are being made and delivered to the customer and charged in the name of policy terms and conditions.,1.0
"I used moto g 5 plus for 3 years before this. After having extensively used Samsung m31 for two days I am in love with the software as well as its hardware. There's tonnes of features in this OS optimised by Samsung. There's redmi note 8 users in my house and I can tell you that those phones are absolute Sh!t in front of m31. This phone may not come with features like punch hole display, in screen fingerprint sensor but after having used this I don't miss those features. I hate notches on phones but the one on this is great and doesn't disturb the functionality of display. Great phone to buy overall. And bonus : this is not a Chinese spy phone.",5.0
"1. Connections-The phone is not able to serve its basic purpose.I tested a nokia phone, sony phone and an iPhone of similar range at same place in my roomThis M31 had the least signal connectivityCall connects after a very long time.2. Camera-Pathetic quality. Very pathetic night mode.64 MP attracts but on ground its the shittiest.Samsung M31 has not utilised it wellMy previous nokia phone with 20 MP camera clicked 20 times better pics than this phoneSo, there is no point looking at specs when ur phone is not able to do it's basic task properly.Poor deviceVery unhappy with this phone.",2.0
"I was one of those guys who ordered this 6/128 gb phone on day one. One of the bad phones Samsung ever made. Even after few software updates, it still restarts on its own, mostly while into a browser and sometimes in other apps. Sometimes, instead of restarting, it turns into a SAMSUNG brick, ie phone will not boot and only Samsung logo keeps on displaying for long. In this condition, you can not restart the phone with power button, you have to use RESET method.  Fortunately, in this case, it only restarts and doesn't get hard reset. Battery lasts for only 4 hours of video, otherwise it's pretty good and lasts for 14-16 hours easily with normal use. Voice from earpiece had started getting deteriorate and I found that the earpiece mesh collects lot of dirt because it sits in a groove, thus vitiating voice quality. It's not waterproof (not claimed too) so if you splash water onto it expect touch to not respond and speaker volume to be extremely low for an hour or two. Though it worked perfectly after three hours of drying after I dropped it once in the water and it got submerged fully for a second or two. Samsung Swipe keyboard is little weird, many times typing wrong words. I can't say more about camera as I don't use it much. Single speaker is not bad for listening music. Fingerprint scanner is not so good, most of the time doesn't recognize. Face recognition is better than that. Still, except for the bricking part, it's a good phone for its look, screen/ resolution and hardware for this price.",3.0
"After using 1 month, 6GB-64GB varient, Black colourPros:●Good Battery. I am a bit heavy user, still end of the day (6am to11am)40% Remains. I chatted for 3 hours and it sucks 5%battery only. Thats damm cool.●UI is very smooth and handy.●Screen quality is just awsome.●No heating issue in normal Usage. I have tried 13 apps running in background.(no gaming apps)●Fingerprint reader is fast but face detection is not so fast though its good.Cons:●Cam quality is not up to the mark. It has 64MP, still edge detection is not that perfect. My earlier mobile was Nokia 6.1Plus which has 16MP cam, still I find that better. Hope a soft update can fix this.●I prefer stock android, ANDROID ONE...anyway This UI is also good.● Mobile heats while gamming. This is not a gamming phone. Though I didn't play PUBG or Freefire or CALLofDUTY. Still it heats.. so no question of playing those games.●Charging time is too long and it don't support fast charging. 15w charger in the box and it takes nearly 2 to 3 hrs to charge this phone 0 to 100... I even tried it with Dash Charger(1plus).. still the result is same.. it has long battery so I will not complain about this as I charge it at night.",4.0
The best thing for this phone is battery life.... its superb and its lasts for 2.5 to 3 days for me.... don't use the phone for gaming though.The ultrawide mode camera quality is good too. The only drawback is that the front camera and fingerprint sensor are not of top notch quality. Fingerprint sensor sometimes don't recognize the finger and the camera unlock is not much accurate.Rest of the features and display quality is good too as expected in a Samsung phone.Overall 4.5 stars.,4.0
"It’s a good mobile from Samsung , all the features are too good than expected . It’s budget friendlyYou’ll find excellent camera with macro camera as well as normal camera with , both camera with live focusProPanoramaFoodNightSuper slow motionAnd Hyperlapse .We are enjoying its all features . I purchased this mob specially for my child for online class . But it’s good for us too . With good battery backup . I am using it more than 1m but didn’t fine any prob with this mob .You can find good China made  mob in lesser rates . But Samsung is  best one .",5.0
"Pros:very good cameras, both selfie and rear camera are very good 👍Display is crystal clear; amoled is great.👌OtherBattery  is not so great  will last for one day use only.I cannot understand the difference  my M20 battery with lesser power also last the same. May be due to 64mp camera.Capturing low wifi signal is a problem. If you have good or average connectivity no issue. But if net connectivity is slow in your area then will be a problem compared to  my M20 and Lenovo tablet. I don't know why!Anyway my priority is camera and display hence give 5 rating",4.0
"1) Too much of bloatware2) Poor performance and battery backup (probably due to the bloatware)Irony is that all that work gone in to improving the battery capacity and having a high RAM is completely negated by junk apps pre-loaded, most of which can't be deleted directly (I deleted majority of them thru ADB tools). A lot of them can't be deleted as it breaks a lot of general usage like setting up wallpapers, weather widgets, etc. Good piece of hardware entirely ruined by software + self absorbed marketing",2.0
"Samsung Galaxy M31 is an absolute beast and here's why:1. Camera Quality is beyond Peofessional. The wide-angle camera gets you a GoPro-like picture. The Depth camera gets you Professional DSLR-like pictures and finally, the front camera is perfect for 1080p HD Vlogging.2. Battery Life is something I have always needed since I travel a lot and this phone delivers a Full-day battery usage easily even while using it throughout the day.3. The Processor is fast as rocket and never lags, even while playing high-end games like Call of Duty or Need for Speed.4. The Face lock is extremely quick allowing you to quickly unlock your phone and use it.Overall, out of all the phones I've  used in my life, this is the extreme best and passes all the tests.",5.0
"Guys, If you are looking at only screen & battery backup scenario simply go ahead to buy,other wise there are many options are available in the market, chose which suits to you & take a look below my few lines of opinion on this phone.*  -18k is not worth for this flagship(around 14k yes it is good deal),*  - If you are camera lover, I suggest do Not buy this phone.*  - Speakers are too worst (Dobly effect works only on stereo accessories like hear/head phones etc.,) at least dual stereo speakers should have been ported.*  - Bloatware (many apps are forcibly installed) strongly I'll oppose this stupidity by samsung , battery drain app like Facebook etc., apps are pre-installed 😠.*  - Battery charging time takes 2.5hrs+, 15W is not enough to charge quickly,",3.0
Very disappointed with Samsung M series phones. Too many users have complained about phone restart issue. My M30s after recent update in mid Oct keeps restarting on its own nearly 30 to 40 times a day may be even more. Now my other M31 night 6 months ago has also started giving similar problem. Replacing the M30s for now. M31 will also be replacing. Am never going to buy or recommend a Samsung phone EVER. These M series phones are assembled in India and probably having to many hardware issues.,1.0
I purchased this phone due to its brand popularity and its value. It is on of the top selling smartphone from Samsung.As mentioned Samsung is most trustable brand as it regularly give software updates so that your device remain free from any virus as well as bugs. Coming to its performance no phone in this range can beat Samsung for sure. Many in built features are given that are free from ads unlike any other chinese brand. Overall performance is great.You should opt for it.,5.0
"Honestly I Like Samsung M31 so much that one by one I buyed total 3 Mobiles and two of my friends also buyed after getting a good feedback from my end, Camera quality is so awesome, shared few clicks above clicked by my samsung M31, main screen have a full coverage,  battery back is just just awesome I mean it has a very good battery backups, mobile processing, camera quality, multiprocessoring and internet make up feel like not to apart from your Samsang M31.",5.0
First of all I would like to say stop using Chinese products.  Avoid chinese products. That's why I bought Samsung m31 and not Redmi Vivo OnePlus oppo realme xaomi. Best phone in this range. Better than all above. Wn u boycott chinese products u feel proud and u feel patriotic. Fingerprint reader is fast. Battery life is very long. Camera quality is best.,5.0
"amazing handset in price segment, great features, most and important is don't want to by MI as its origin from Virus country, I feel my contribution towards India and exchange MI with this device.I insist to all great Indians, never by from Virus country and replace or return if you own it.",5.0
"I have purchased the phone on 27 September. Couple of updates notification from Samsung and I installed  it.My phone is lagging  in performing basic activity like sending emails/ opening  whatsapp.Contacted  Amazon customer service informed them that my internet is not a problem,my sister is using the same phone but her phone functions fine. They ran some blannco diagnostic app and certified that phone is working  fine and all they can suggest is factory reset.Now I dont understand why in first place I chose Samsung and Amazon.I always preferred Amazon for all my electronics and mobile purchases,but this is Worst customer service experience  ever.I have been asked to factory reset the phone and use ,don't have any option  but go back to using the old phone.",1.0
फोन अच्छा है और इतने प्राइस में क्या चाहिए कैमरा क्वालिटी अच्छी है 64 मेगापिक्सल लिखा हुआ है पर इतना लगता नहीं है पर फिर भी कैमरा क्वालिटी अच्छी है फ्रंट कैमरा भी बहुत अच्छा है बैटरी लाइफ बहुत अच्छी है आप यूज कर सकते हो इसको 2 दिन तक अगर आप इसको नॉर्मल यूज करते हैं तो अगर इंटरनेट के बाद यूज कर रहे हो पूरे दिन वीडियो देख रहे हो तो 1 दिन तो आराम से निकाल देगा चार्जिंग स्पीड काफिर चाहिए 2 घंटे 20 मिनट लेता है मेरा खुद का कमेंट है भाई कंपनी ने नहीं बोला है सैमसंग में अगर कोई फोन लेना है तो यह ले लेना ज्यादा महंगे फोन सैमसंग के चलते नहीं है उनकी रिपेयरिंग का खर्चा भी भी बहुत ज्यादा हो जाता है,5.0
"This phone is not as good as we expected. I bought it on 18 March 2020. So I am using it for more than 4 months. I was super excited while I saw the features like battery, camera, screen size all in my budget. But from past 1 month, I am facing an issue. Sometimes while I use the camera or watching a video and sometimes while I play the game into it, its screen gets completely black. If within 4 months I am facing this issue then I don't expect that it will work even for a year. Completely disappointed with Samsung. I won't go for Samsung in future.",3.0
"I purchased this phone for my dad. But i used it for 4-5 days. And on that basis i can say that:• The performance of the phone is very smooth. I don't find any hanging problem.• The battery life of this phone is amazing. If you are using your phone without internet then the battery life works for 3-5 days.• The camera quality of the rear is nice but front cam is not up to that point. It's like you are using front cam with an beauty editor.• As you all know about the screen, it's just awesome.• And other functions of the phone starts properly.Before purchasing this phone. I compared it to many of the smartphones. And trust me this tops at first in this range. So, if your budget is around 15000 u can go for it without any doubt.",5.0
"Based on the reviews, bought this mobile. It was delivered on time. Also picked up the cover and tempered glass guard.  Everything was fine and one fine day (within 15 days of its purchase), the touch all of a sudden stopped working. Tried re-initializing with difficulty. But this also did not work.  Contacted Samsung and they told that it cannot be replaced but has to be serviced.  Handed the mobile to their service partners.  After a few days they came back and told they don't have the spare and hence they will give a Samsung Coupon which can be used to buy anything at their Samsung Store.  This whole episode took more than 14 days from the date of handing over the mobile to their Service Partner. I expected better service from Samsung but then looks like everyone is the same.",2.0
"Pros.1. Super display to watch movies, YouTube and web series.2. Excellent battery backup, min 2 days at moderate usage3. Excellent cameras at this price rangeboth front and rear camera perform very well in all lighting conditions.4. Portrait image with both front and rear very good and good edge detection5. Video quality also good and auto focus is also very fast6. Fast processor handles multitasking smoothly7. Gaming and graphics are manage very well, very smooth experience8. Touch sensitivity is nice Cons1. Build quality should have been better than this as no frame is used and cheap plastic is used at the back.2. Gorilla glass 5 should have been given instead of gorilla 3.3. Charging time is almost 2 to 3 hours from 0 to 100%4. Brightness lacks in sunlight5. Dual speakers should have been given instead of mono speakerOverall must buy product compared to other brands in market at this price point.All features are upto the mark as mentioned in the featues nothing lacks behind.",5.0
"I thought Samsung changed a lot, but I can say 'not yet'. I bought Samsung M31 on Mid of March 2020 and same got complaint by September 23rd 2020. Issue is stuck and restarting with Samsung logo. Initially I was facing this issue 3 or 4 times a day, but later on Sep24th issue occurring multiple times in an hour. I have given this to service centre couple of times, they have done something with software, I think. Issue remains same.I have given phone again today in service centre, they feel everything perfect with software, something went wrong with hardware. Don't know what's going to happen. Really fed up with this bitter experience.",1.0
It automatically restarts very often. After 20 days stopped working. Took it to the Samsung Service center. They said this was a known problem with this model M31 and would not be able to fix it. After 2 weeks issued a Voucher for the amount which could be used only in the Samsung showrooms!!! Hope Samsung fixes this issue with this model or discontinues it.,1.0
Likes6 GB RAM128 GB internal storage6000 MAH batteryContinuous screenshotEditing screenshot is nice and easyMy battery lasts for 1.5 days in medium battery saver modeDislikesContinuous screenshot is limited uptown a particular screen length..it doesn't go through end..so only two pages screenshot of whatsapp chat message is possible..ideally this phone should allow screenshot till the endIf you have more apps then battery usage in background will drain the battery faster..the battery will not last for more than 20 hours so I keep my phone in moderate battery saver modeSometimes changing settings is more tedious so you can't change settings by pulling down settings screen while you are driving,4.0
Its a good phone for its price. I have got a software bug where It didn't charge correctly now it is resolved. It got good screen and cameras and very good battery life got above 40% till end of the day. I am being using it for  half a month and only annoyance is the software bug i encountered which resolved with a restart .The customer support is excellent in  my experience I DONT GAME IN MY PHONE BUT MY FRIENDS SAID IT GOT GOOD PERFORMANCE IN THAT AREA TOO.,4.0
"I was certain that I will not be buying any Chinese product and unfortunately most of the products within my price range of 15 - 20K are Chinese phones. After doing loads of reviews I bought Samsung M31.Verdict: Build quality is great except the back could be a little harder, Camera quality is good but please do not get misled with 64MP quadra camera as it will make your expectation damn high. Overall wonderful pictures with good clarity but with lower configuration, my S9+ takes better pics. The sound quality is awesome. The screen is super awesome. Games played so far is only Roblox, CoC, and 8-ball pool and they ran perfectly without any lag. The battery ran for straight 2 days with a 100% charge with medium usages. Wifi Connectivity is very good but like any other Samsung phone, the phone network and the internet is a little slaggy. didn't find any heating issues so far. Overall I will definitely recommed everyone to buy this with closed eyes if you want to buy a Non Chinese phone at this price range as it is perfect.",5.0
"I really hate Amazon For this..I have spent almost 17000 for my pocket money and thought that it's a trusted app to order mobile but I was wrong..Don't go to the best reviews of people , they are Just a 😤..I ordered my mobile from here after read the best reviews of people and Spent lots of money in this Pandemic situation but my decision was wrong as I receive the phone with 6000 mah.which never works for one day..Battery drains too fast as it's like 1000 mah battery .Earlier I had 5000 mah battery mobile but it almost runs 2 days as I have lots of work through phone that why I had choosen this long time 6000 mah battery mobile but they shows lots of functions In the mobile but it was totally fake and wastage..kindly help me or guide me what can I do now.?",1.0
"Though this mobile has scaled up very well with 6000 mah battery but still having the heating issues while charging.If you are looking for a multi tasking mobile which shouldn't get hang easily, then please don't go for this productOnly one positve thing is the camera which is really good in thia",1.0
I give this Review after 15 days of purchase.I got this phone on Rs. 15999/- Thanks to SBI Credit card offer gave me 1500Rs discounts.Thanks to Amazon for very fast service when purchase this phone Delivery timing is 15 days but I got this phone in 5 days. Truly Amazing Amazon. When I was Purchasing this phone  I have not interested in camera features because I purchase this phone for professional use and ruff and stuff use. But I am surprise when I seen the camera clearity and features that was beyond my expectations.The best battery life I ever use. I am continuing watch study or entertainment Video in high brightness. No need to carry the charger with me in office.This is my second Samsung Phone I am giving Reviews from my My old phone Samsung galaxy J7Prime. I use this phone from last 4 year and this is also working properly. I purchase new phone just because of Internal storage full issue.We love the Samsung product and Amazing Amazon service.Highly Recommended Samsung M31.,5.0
Disappointed receiving used/ refurbished piece with dust all over and the gap between screen and body visibly noticeable with forced marks or display repair .no doubt the mobile is good but very bad on the part of amazon and the dealer doing such fraud things ...now even though the mobile is good a feeling of second hand a repaired piece which can go down anytime will will remain for ever ... Give a second thought on buying mobiles on deals /or in exchange offers/or discounted prices //they surely will ship Refurberished ones in boasting Original packing..,1.0
The phone works great.Display:Most amazing display anyone can ever get in this price range. This phone's display is better than any phone in this proce range. Movie watching experience is truly amazing on this phone.Camera:All 4 cameras have different purpose and works fine. Camera quality is great and zoomed photos are very clear too. The display of the phone helps the camera to display it's clicked photos even better. Although i found a big issue that camera isn't able to focus at small objects placed near to it. It maybe a software problem which i am hoping would be resplved with the next update.Interface:The new Samsung interface is better than its previous ones. This is way more friendly and easier to use.GPU:A very strong processor is provided by Samsung in this phone. None of the games lag and works perfectly fine.,4.0
"After using an iphone this phone feels quite low in performance. The screen resolution is not sharp, the camera has filters but images are not sharp. A bit slow response to certain apps.Otherwise good with fingerprint response, battery life is amazing overall for the price it's good for general use.",4.0
"Lovely phone. The amazing battery life and the vivid, bright screen more than make up for some apparent shortcomings. Another interesting feature is a macro camera.. the wide angle camera is very good too. The basic camera has excellent low light capability and gives a bright image (is it the screen or the camera?).. in short the camera(s) perform much better than expected.And the phone feels solid.The battery again is just great. What's the point having lots of features and not being able to use them? The battery makes them available and reliable. I think this is the first smartphone around with acceptable battery life. For a 15K phone (introductory price), this is real good! Great job Samsung. And nice delivery Amazon, I received it the day before the lock down!",5.0
64MP Camera Is Just Gimmick Guys .. Buy This Phone Only For Battery And Display .. Overall 5star Feedback From My Side .. Because My Need Was Only Battery And Display .. I Don't Play Games So I Cant Tell U About The Gaming Performance But Camera Not Good .. But Overall For Daily Use This Phone Is Beast For Me...!!,5.0
"The battery life is just bad . They just hyped saying 6000mah but its discharging faster than any other batteries . The charging is also very slows and takes nearly 3hrs to full charge and says fast charging !😂. The super amoled screen is also of cheap quality . Its just for the sake of name ,the colours are not saturated and seems lighter ...mainly the battery back up is very bad its not optimised . Don't get fooled by huge batteries. Even though the screen of m31 and m31s says super amoled ,there is a huge difference in color saturation..m31s screen is much better and shows vivid color unlike m31 which shows lighter colors.",2.0
"As a long user of Samsung mobile, I had already a trust with the product but we I get this mobile and after using for few days it made me realize the goodness of this mobile.  Its finger print reader  is excellent.  Battery  life is outstanding and moreover camera quality is one of the best features. It having all developing features and all needed things. BEST WISHES TO SAMSUNG,  from my side .",5.0
"Samsung Galaxy M31 is the Perfect package out there. The Mega 6000mah battery easily gives me 2 days of battery backup. The 64mp camera gives amazing details in the photos. And the best part is, you can also take macro shots, not just with the macro lens, but with the help of 64MP camera too.I was looking for few of things from my new phone. I wanted a great camera, great battery backup, unique and elegant looking design on the back of the phone. Samsung Galaxy M31 provides all of it. Plus a Super-AMOLED display. Samsung is THE best display manufacturer out there. The exynos chipset is no less than any other chipset in the market.This phone has made me decide that my future phones will be of Samsung.",5.0
Battery charging time very fast.But network coverage area very bad.मैं किसी भी व्यक्ति को m31 मोबाइल लेने के लिए सलाह नहीं दूंगा क्योंकि इसका नेटवर्क क्षमता बहुत ही बेकार है सेम जगह सेम नेटवर्क पर दूसरे मोबाइल में जहां नेट स्पीड काफी अच्छी मिलती है वहां सैमसंग m31 में नेट चलता ही नहीं है मैं जियो का सिम अपने सैमसंग m31 में डाल के और फिर रियल में कि किसी भी सेट में डाल कर दोनों पर नेट चला कर देखा हूं जहां इसका नेट चलता ही नहीं है वहां और किसी भी कंपनी के मोबाइल में काफी अच्छा चलता है नेटवर्क स्पीड बहुत बहुत बहुत बहुत ही बेकार है m31 का मैं खरीद के पछता रहा हूं,1.0
"Review after one month of usage:8gb RAM is not really working like 8gb...its slightly better than previous Redmi Note 4-4gb RAM.Battery is good. Lasts more than a day with moderate usage with more than 100 apps installed.Camera is very good.Night photos need to be better.Function & additional feature wise, its too good.Feature of working in pop-up window is very good.Sometimes, bit slow in responding.Overall, its just a good phone in below 20k budget.After 45 days of usage, CHANGING TO 3 STARS !!",3.0
"The screen goes off on receipt of call. It keeps hanging throughout the call and I cannot access the features like call hold, mute, or notepad etc. The finger print sensor is so bugging that sometimes it takes ten attempts to open the phone. It tests my patience. I was too happy with Redmi Note phones but this on is a nightmare. I suggest all to save yourself from this brand.",1.0
"A perfect product ordered from a perfect place!!! I have been Samsung Galaxy fan and is one of the best smartphones I have got and thanks to Amazon, this M31 came at a great offer price too. From order to delivery smooth experience.As for the product itself, zero complaints so far. Best is the battery life - one full charge last nearly 2 days for me, though I use it a lot for social media and browsing as well. Fits in palm /pockets perfectly and is not too large or small.All in all, a great buy and I am glad I didnt go wrong with my decision to buy this one. Keep it up Samsung and Amazon.",5.0
"Great phone.Great camera, superfast fingerprint, excellent display, best battery.I was using A70 before this which costs 50% more than this phone and I can surely say m31 is much better in everything. No difference in speed,  much much better battery life, great fingerprint (which ofcourse is better than screen fingerprint of A70).Everything about this phone feels better as compared to A70.",5.0
"Samsung has really come up with an amazing feature-rich phone at this price point. The phone has a mind-blowing screen and powerful camera. I am not an avid gamer so can not really comment much on that side, but for any normal user, this device is a pure gem. The camera works like a charm, you need to switch modes to explore its real power. Battery life is good, the screen is awesome, and sound and connectivity work smooth.Overall, it's a no-brainer at this budget. Especially the parents who have younger kids and are looking for a good big-screen phone, this phone is a perfect choice.",5.0
"After using almost 3 months , I am writing my review.Over all I am not happy with M31. With this price range Rs17500...much batter ph is available.6000mah battery is just on paper actually it equivalent to 4000mah. Camera quality is also not good neither front nor back.  64/32 mp should be awesome but its below average.And most important, its shoftware ...which is also not very well . I don't use to play any game but still I am facing slow performance . In last 3 months while typing messages on WhatsApp, my ph stoped working 2 times means hanged!!! Not expecting. Plz buyer Go for another ph.",2.0
"My mobile's display got damaged today.. Bought 4 months ago.. Very brittle and thin glass.. Fall from a height of just 1 feet and like a thin layer of eyes it developed cracks.. Display repair from Samsung service center would cost me 5100..Gorilla glass 3.0 is all rubbish.. My nokia c7 might have had fallen hundred times but never developed a crack.. My last phone lenevo vibe k5 note had a single crack but not on the first fall..Samsung, this is a very wrong way to do business.. Sell you phone with less durable display and then earn additional 5100.. Disappointed..",2.0
"*****PROS*****. # As usual Samsung's AMOLED display is best in class. # Battery backup is good enough it lasted for two days in a single full charge. # Fast and Smooth processor with 6GB ram. # 64MP main camera does its excellent work Good macro lens, slow-mo, hyper-lapse, night mode, etc....*****CONS*****. # With a 15W charger, it is charging slow taking almost 2.5hrs for a full charge # Not a very strong phone plastic body. # price when launched was 15000 (6GB, 64 Storage) but it increased to 16500.",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I feel to stop buying products from amazon & I decided never to buy any Samsung mobile( View the Video I've attached )Just used the mobile for 15 days facing so many issues, this is the worst phone I ever used in my life. This mobile deserves all negative feedback.M31 Mega Fraud, Mega Useless & Mega Waste of Money.I'LL BE THANKFUL TO AMAZON IF THEY REFUND MY MONEY OR REPLACE THIS USELESS MOBILE.Note:- I gave 1 star just because of amazon's marketing trick, they not allowing to proceed the feedback with Zero star rating. THIS MOBILE PURELY DESERVES ""ZERO STAR RATING"".",1.0
Face Unlock FastFingerprint Sensor Unlock Fast Bettery Beckup Good Normal Use Phone 2 Day Bettery Beckup Smooth Performence Camera Qwality Impressive Lovely Pics Capture High Colours 4K Video Record Front And Rear Camera 2 Side  Support Camera 64.Megapixels Real Camra And 32.Megapixels Front Camera 2 Side Camera Very Smart Pics And Videos Capture This Is Smartphone Very Good All Features SuperHigh Qwality Pics Capture And Super Amoled 4K Display Very Nyc Fantastic Smooth Play All Videos 360 p 470p 720p 1080p 4K Video Powerful Colours All Videos Perfect Build Digine Smartphone M31 I Loved It Best Indian Smartphone,5.0
"There's hardly anything that i dont like about this smartphone. Brilliant  performance, brilliant battery life, amazing camera, brilliant overall.1. The screen.sAMOLED display  is on point, super clear & very well user friendly.2. The camera.Stunning. 64mp does the job the way it's supposed to. Front 32mp camrea is also very impressive. In the rear, quad camera setup is impressive. The sample images are a few example of the camera quality. Also the wide angle lens is a rather wonderful function.3. The battery.Probably the biggest highlight of this smartphone is the battery. A MASSIVE 6000mAh battery can easily go on throughout the day with enough battery life left for the next day. For an average user, the battery will easily live upto 2 days. Heavy usage? It will still go on for a day. Even when the battery is about 15 to 20% the performance doesnt show any decline. The only thing i found a bit not so good about the phone is the charger. M31 comes with a 15W charger which will take atleastaround 2.3 hrs to charge fully. But the new M31s fixes the problem, it comes with a 25W charger & the same 6000mAh battery promising shorter charging time.4. Built quality & design.Front and rear looks impressive. Has a very modern yet conservative designs. Doesn't feel that heavy while holding and is also a perfect fit in the pocket.The blue colour looks beautiful but the one i have is a black one. Yes, the black looks cooler but since the rear is made up of plastic with a glossy finish, it can very easily attaract scratches and fingerprints,  so I'd suggestanyone to use it with a mobile cover.5. Verdict.Overall the smartphone is an impressive package. It simply proves that spending over 50k on a smartphone is insane. Some complain about the processor that is Exynos 9611 which is in my point of view nothing to be worried about. Every function runs smooth and easy thanks to the processor and 6gb RAM, touchscreen is also very responsive,  also the power button can be used to open apps as a shortcut. With 128gb space, dual sim support, 6gb ram, a great battery life, sAmoled display, this phone has everything that it takes to be a flagship phone competitor as a considerable margin. Its almost been more than 2 months since im using this phone and so far i haven't faced any problems with the device any hopefully will not face any in the coming future. The surprising thing is that with all the power packed in the box, it still manages to fit under 20k category which makes it incredibly appealing. I'd surely suggest if anyone is looking to buy one!",5.0
I have purchased this phone in the month of jan...nd i am writing this review after using this device for 2 months...so starting with camera i think best camera that samsung can offer in 15k-16k range...battery backup in moderate usage is about 1½ day.....but the 2 drawbacks are after use for 1 hour or soo device sometimes get heated up...nd the second is that charging this device takes a lot of time....nd the last thing once u restart the phone it takes about 3-4 mins for smooth functioning...otherwise the device is awesome....gaming is very smooth...camera is fantastic...👍👍Thanks,5.0
"So new samsung galaxy  m 31 is really awsome .Battery  6000mah= 5/5Camera  64mp rear ai quad cam and 32mp selfie  camera =4/5Display super amoled  =6/5 really awesome  so giving  1 extra point 🤩🤩🤩 mesmerizingProcessor exnos 9611 =4/5 no lag till nowGaming experience  is average. (Pubg, call of duty) .Sound quality dolby atmos is wow😘 5/5 Is worth buying  for mid range phone 16k is a bit high price although  before lockdown  it was 15k .. just go for it..",4.0
"Worst cell phone , Don't purchase at all, it gets hang every time . Hardware is Weak , RAM doesn't work as given in description. On 65 % Storage it gets full hang . Camera is not so good in 64MP . It's actually 16 MP. But 16× 4 camera = 64 MP. Making people full. It's RAM is not actually 6GB, it's working like 2GB old processor . I request you please do not purchase this cell phone . I am so frustrated because of buying this phone .",1.0
"The above stars are only for battery, AI features and camera.CONS :1) SLIGHT HEATING ISSUE AT THE TOP OF THE SCREEN AND AS WELL IN THE BACK2) WIDE ANGLE CAMERA IS NOT CLEAN IF YOU TRY TO ZOOM IN AT ANY PARTICULAR OBJECT4) POSITION OF SPEAKER IS POOR AS IT GETS BLOCKED WITH FINGERS WHILE PLAYING GAMES OR TEXTING . THERE SHOULD HAVE BEEN DUAL SPEAKER.3) NO HEADPHONE AND COVER INSIDE THE BOX4)GIVEN 6000MAH BATTERY , IT WILL LAST ONLY 1/2 HALF DAYS , WHICH IS OK COMPARED TO OTHER MOBILES5) 15W CHARGER TAKES 2:30 hrs TO COMPLETE 100%, WHERE AS IF YOU CHARGE THEM THROUGH Mi POWER BANK WITH 18W SPEED IT COMPLETES BIT QUICKER.6) BIT SLIPPERY IN CORNERS COZ OF WHICH FINDING DIFFICULT TO PLAY GAMES. HOWEVER CASE CAN ELIMINATE THIS ISSUE7) POOR NIGHT VISION CAMERA.8) FINGER PRINT UNLOCKER  AS USUAL POOR IN SAMSUNGPROS:- FRONT AND BACK CAMERA ARE AWESOME UNDER LIGHTING.- LASTS 1 AND HALF DAYS OF BATTERY IN EXTREME USE.-GAMING AND SOME AI FEATURES ARE GOOD.",3.0
"Best Mobile for this price. Camera is par at the best. Both the front and rear cameras are excellent and the result is very detailed and very minute, previously was using Vivo V9 that to bought at Amazon. Low light photography is ok. Touch is excellent. Battery back up is also very good. Processing is very good without any lagging and no heating issues even at very very long usage, almost day long. Stylish and the curved edge screen is excellent",5.0
"I haven't come across such a great camera at this cost. Battery is just keep going until you get off...optimal size & screen details are amazing..over all, ...fingerprint sencer at back & follow your commands instantly without any glitch  ..never ending battery I experienced..using it for more than month now...it's get on well with me...screen size is nothing but perfect what I looking for & the phone is much convenient in holding it ...no second thought if you desperately need a phone ...a complete package to complete a man!!!!!",5.0
Great battery backup which I need most in my smartphone. Camera quality  not looks like 64mp level. They just write back camera 64mp and front camera 32mp. But I don't this was in real. Also processor could be better with this price range . As some time phone take time to process.But what I like it is screen clearity and bettery life. .. which matter for me most... Overall good option for them who never wants to buy chines product...,5.0
"Fingerprints,  Battery  life and Also Cameras quality is best I give +5 Rating. Thanks Amazon  and also Specialy thanks to STPL Exclusive Online Sellers  company.",5.0
"This is my first Samsung phone after a very long gap. It has got simple and minimal design that looks good. Speed is good and phone works smoothly.However, within days of purchase I am finding that UI is functioning erratically sometimes. Certain apps may not start and phone is getting hanged. Sometimes it goes to some kind of sleep mode and after that it takes ages to be revived, sometimes even have to restart.Sorry Samsung. I am disappointed.",2.0
"I bought this phone about a month back and it has a super annoying thing. The phone auto restarts whenever it thinks to do so. Its not a hardware issue as such, its by design. Try googling this issue for M31 and many other users are frustrated. Best part is there is no solution to it. Next problem is its too slow, it doesnt matter if it has 8 GB ram and 4.5 GB shows as free, if you just try to scroll a whatsapp chat window, or simply type a text message, first word starts to appear on the screen after you have typed entire sentence. A usual ""suggestion"" given by ppl is free up RAM and storage or disable  ""auto-restart"" in device care (which is not even enabled). My phone is almost new and i dont play games or do heavy multi tasking. Ram is never 50% utilized and storage is hardly 30 GB used out of 128 GB and yet you cannot even type a text message nicely.On the positive side, camera and battery are as expected. However, trust me, you'll get frustrated by its lag and restart feature.Verdict :- Its a trash.",1.0
"It's been a week that I bought my new Samsung galaxy M31 and gonna give a review on my experience.ProsCamera is just too awesome but I think these days many competitor phones have good camera quality.Battery goes more than 24hrs, I use comparatively less than an insta/fb/Twitter person, but more often I keep checking messages and few videos. With full charging, it says low battery after some 30 hours, so battery life is real great.ConsBut charging takes long time. Adapter has the Fast Charging sign, but to make us fool. It take around 2 hours for full charging which I feel is really long.Processor being Exynos and 6GB Ram, I feel the performance is quite poor. Phone is slow in operation. Not satisfying.Fingerprint sensor ain't that great. Sometimes fails to detect my finger and sometimes takes time.",2.0
"UI: 5/5Software updates: Available for next 3 generations (stated by Samsung) Verified.Battery: 4/5Camera: Rear camera pretty decent, front- too much softness and optimization (feels unnatural)Decent phone for the price point, camera quality at par with similar priced phones.Personal opinion: Samsung makes one the best flagship phones. However lower end may not hold it's value for long since there's plenty of options available and upgrades always around the corner every 3 to 6m.You lose some you win some.",5.0
"Within 10 days, Sim Card Not detected, Pathetic, Due to lockdown, couldn't access service center, i reach Customer care through my friend mobile, they couldnt help me in anyway. I dont have alternate mobile for my sim card. Amazon Return window also closed. 15000 junk phone was in my pocket without any clue. Due to this mobile , i couldnt reach my team for meetings, once i came out of office, i cant reach anything, all OTP are linked to my simcard, but it was inserted in useless mobile. Thanks Samsung and Amazon for awesome product..",1.0
"Now firstly for the pubg lovers I would like to tell you that it easily runs pubg at HDR ultra settings of graphics with no lag you just need to activate performance mode which obviously uses more battery give best performance.The phone has three battery modes by default it will be in performance mode ,( takes as much juice possible from your battery to handle your heavy tasks, multitasking, etc. And once you it last easily 2 days. Cameras are awesome it's a bit warmer and soft images but details are amazing and other colours.....Guys literally there are loads of features and don't want to write an essay over here it will be tedious for you all to read....Trust me I'm using it as my daily driver and had no issues ya it may not have 90Hzs but who needs it in day to day budget life. Don't think just go for it and you enjoy it phone ...... #bestbudgetphone...",5.0
"This is the best phone that I was able to find with comes with a brand guarantee.. I mean I get it mi and other brands are putting alot of effort but their is a reason samsung is doing the best. The quality of the phone doesn't feel cheap it's fells like the money you paid for. The phone fit just quite right in my hands and was easy and smooth to handle... The fucntions were great and finger print was quick. Also, the camera is fantastic which gives you the absolute focus and it's endless camera features just adds up to its charm",5.0
"On paper the performance will look good but let me tell you the truth.1) 6000 mah battery, my moto g5 plus with 3000 mah gives better battery life with daily light usage. I can say that if you use the phone heavily or lightly, battery consumption will be at same rate.2.) WiFi speeds are slow. My moto gives me 3x the wifi speeds compared to M31.3.) Every update is just an excuse to install junk apps with security update.4.) Camera performance is really good but at a cost. Phone can't handle the camera, if the camera is in use with any app the phone will lag a lot. Its unusable and you have to close apps that are using camera",1.0
"This phone has more than everything I expected. My favorite is this Super AMOLED screen just 😘.Pros-superb battery. 1- 1.5 dayCamera (Rear camera is on other level) + AR Emoji6 GB Ram (more than my laptop)Very nice call quality (I uses Airtel)Finger print sensor is fast.Selfie is better in natural lightingDedicated Memory card slot.Charging speed is not that slow.Feels very nice in hand and can be easily hold in one hand.Cons-Face unlock is slowww and few times didn't worked.Can't uninstall Netflix, Facebook and few other Samsung's app but these can be disabled.Got around 50 GB out of 64 GB.No back cover provided in box.Finger prints are all over the back.VerdictBest phone to buy around this budget. Super value for money. I am very happy to have this phone.Don't think just buy it. You won't regret.",5.0
"Recvd the phone today in the afternoon, kept it for recharge for an hour or so, replicated the data of the previous damaged phones, did some calls and in the evening suddenly the phone touch screen refuses to respond.have to go for the replacement of the sampe phone with the same model as no other option exists to get he money back.samsung M30 was an awesome product, unfortunately the screen got cracked... thought the M31 will be at par.Samsung needs to pull up on the quality. chose samsung as it is an made in India product.",1.0
"I have been using it for last 3days. All things are good  but it is taking more than 4hrs for charging. I don't know whether it's a defective one or is the  characteristic of Samsung m31. Whatever  but more than 4hrs of charging time is unacceptable.  I am observing it for another day if it goes like this than I will return it.After day 5 of my use; it is doing well. It's charging within 3hrs, though it's not fast charging but ok for me. The day 1 sluggish charging may be due to first time charging of the phone in use. Now it is performing well. If you want a phone with good battery back up and best screen quality then you can go for it.",4.0
"Guys, please don't buy this product. It is taking 4 hours for charging. They mentioned about fast charging, but not in reality.  Purchased online thinking that avoids travelling to crowded places, but actually ended up standing in the long queue of Samsung service centre.#Samsung #M31 prime",1.0
"I stopped buying Samsung smartphones long time back, but then purchased last year thinking Samsung phones would have improved over the years since there enough competition in the market. But I was wrong, on the same price range Samsung is still giving much less features compared to its competitors. Slow charging, poor battery backup, pain taking screenshots, unnecessary factory installed apps which cannot be uninstalled to name few and many more. :(",2.0
"With this price n is not chinese company, it's a great phone. Nice screen, FHD, nice colour, great for playing games too.No issues in charging, speed, etc... Very satisfied with the configuration if offers in this price n it's samsung!!Fast charging is good n battery life is great!!Super fast delivery, in one day!!!",5.0
"The phone started auto shutdown and hanging frequently in 6 months of purchase. Checked on Google and found that it was a common problem with many buyers. Obviously a company like Samsung was not oblivious to such rampant criticism of its not so cheap device.To add to the problem, the customer care gave me the details of service centre nearby with a phone number which was out of service for many months, as several people commented on the website. The on-line appointment facility provided online for visiting the customer care was not allowing to choose the date and time!Pathetic!All said, Allah malik!",2.0
"There are several pros for M31. But since it's already covered by other reviewers and YouTube videos, I'll instead point out some not-so-common cons (if at all you can call them cons!)1. The phone does not come with a backcover and it is a fingerprint magnet. So you would need to buy a backcover for aesthetics.2. Not water resistant (is that asking too much?😅)3. It does take a bit of time to get fully charged. But once that's done, it'll easily last for more than a day.4. The earphone slot is at the bottom of the phone. I personally like it on the top. Again, it wouldn't be a bother if you use a Bluetooth earphone/headset. :)5. This might not be the phone for heavy gamers.I haven't found any other problem after a month's usage.Overall, I totally recommend this phone. 😊P.S - I saw some reviews saying the camera quality is poor. I disagree to it as I feel it's really good.",5.0
"Awesome phone with amazing battery life.  First the format and size is perfect.  And feel of sturdiness is very good when toy hold it. Camera giving only four star as the size of image is almost 3 to 5mb when infull quality.  So occupies more storage.  My kids use this phone for online classes for almost 4 hours even it requires only 2 days once charging.  Kudos Samsung.  Apps performance is very good. Even though not a gamer, multiple apps running same time was never an issue.Overall more than satisfying buy. And no single regret.👌👍👍",5.0
"After using almost 50 days , First let me tell about the seller, I have read a lot of negative reviews and even I was scared that whether I'll receive a genuine productor not. They even took 6 days to deliver but ""it was better late than never"" and I received a Awesome product.Coming to the device, it's the best that Samsung could provide with all these features for this price range (almost a flagship kind of feel).Processor - at first I felt that it was bit slow, but after a use of a day or two, I could realize that it was learning your daily usage pattern and it delivers a smooth performance.Camera - best quality images from all the cameras in good lighting conditionFingerprint sensor - if you think it as slow, you're wrong, it's just very accurateBattery - you can survive more than a day with normal usageDisplay - I'm a fan; crisp display and the punch hole camera doesn't interfere with your entertainment, you almost feel it as invisibleOverall it's an Awesome device; You'll have a great feel with this device",5.0
"Yeah ! This was my first phone . I choosed  samsung over many others brands . But i am literally  surprised  and very happy to write  that ,this phone has withstand  with my every expectation.  If you are looking for a phone , i will hardly reccomend  to go for samsung.  This phone's display is awesome  best display in any other smartphone  in this price range .samsung exynos 9611 is pretty  good and as long your intentions  are not gaming you can go for this one . as of now i think you should go for samsung  m31s or m51 etc. Thanks.",4.0
Over all performance is good but1. the battery is very disappointing. Even though it is 6000mah hardly last for one day and the biggest disadvantage is it take 3.5 hrs to get battery charged. Can't stay without mobile for such huge time during charging2. WiFi calling drop automatically and won't connect immediately3. Cam flicker a lot for slow motion capture4. Video recording brightness won't be stable while  recording. Every 2sec brightness goes very low5.,3.0
"What I Like on M31(30days Review)Value for Money ProductSamsung One UI 2.0 (best UI among all UI's)6.4 inch, 403 PPI, Super AMOLED display (Best for Always on display, Best for Black, also helps saving battery as black pixels are not lit).Battery 6000 mAh(Amazing Battery Backup, Lasts almost 1.5 days for even an heavy user like me).Camera 64 MP Back/32 MP Front (I have attached sample photos).No heating issues at all in 30 days usage.What I don't Like isNot able to upgrade to 2.1 One UIExynos dosen't support GcamFast changing with15W is very slow takes approx 2 hours to get fully charged.",5.0
"Device is overall good, But I must say that camera quality is not upto the level I was expecting it being a 64MP camera phone.Front camera photography is a not good in dark and images appear very grainy. Talking about image processing Colors are oversaturated and during video calls you could see a yellow tint. This underperformance of the front camera is because of the notch design as there is less space in the front for another camera/ flash.The rear camera is somewhat good in photography and and the videography is pretty good.BloatwaresWith this phone Samsung has targeted the  budget phone section as they were falling behind the likes of other Chinese manufacturers. Though they have packed this phone with massive features but it comes with  a trade off i.e. Bloatwares and sponsored app downloads. If you are wise enough to bypass those app promotions you can happily use this phone.Overall, I am satisfied with the phone because I didn't want to go for Chinese companies. But still I miss Good front camera.",4.0
"Samsung Galaxy M31 comes with a big 6.4-inch display and has a waterdrop notch at the top center. It comes with an AMOLED display and is comfortable to hold.Weight - 191g and might feel a bit bulky. It comes with a 6000mAh battery that goes roughly around 2 days.It is equipped with an Exynos 9611 SoC and gets 6GB or 8 GB of RAM. It comes with two storage variants; 64GB and 128GB. It is a dual SIM device and supports 4G as well as voLTE.It has a quad-camera setup at the back - the primary is a 64 MP shooter, 8 MP ultra-wide-angle camera, 5 MP macro camera, and a 5 MP depth sensor. Daylight camera performance is good, but low-light performance is a bit tricky.",5.0
"It's not been even an year of purchasing this phone and it has had technical issues all through.  The phone after minimal usage shuts down on it's own and remains so even after rebooting it. It gets overheated as well and to top it all the after sales services are pathetic.The Samsung service centre employees raise questions on amazon executives and vice versa. In the end its the customer who bears all the risk of having to use a faulty device which is in the warranty period, still getting no redressal from the company or the seller.  Waste of money.",1.0
"This is a good budget device and especially made for India.Pros:1) Massive 6000 mah battery. I’m a heavy user with all type of using like games, songs, YouTube, Netflix etc. Still I cannot empty the battery at the end of the day (left at 24%)2) Display: Samsung displays are best in the world and this 6.4 display is great you will enjoy your content for sure.3) Camera: Great camera at this Price range. You get 4 cameras.4) UI and Android: Samsung One UI 2.5 is good and it gives security + feature updates every month. So there is no worries about lag or app crashes Samsung got you covered.",5.0
Product  is good but didn't  get any ear piece not simple plastic  cover as we used to get when buy offline. Received only the phone and charger. Hope in future the dealer may provide. If everything  is included  i will give 5 star.,4.0
"Pros -Really good cameraI do not play games so the processor is just fine for meGorgeous displayLow SARGreat batterCons -This issue is maybe present only in my phone but sometimes the fingerprint reader doesn't work. But when I just press the power button and turn the screen off, and then it immediately accepts my fingerprint. This can be a software issue which can be fixed in the future I believe.",4.0
"Camera - OkBattery life- ok, may last easily one  n half day for normal use.Display- best in class specially for watching videoSound- very goodConnectivity- Very poor. I use Airtel & Bsnl . Signal fluctuations is very high from 4G to 2G and vice versa. At same place I network work well with other phones. I changed both sim card also. After so many repair ,issue still exist. Even with Airtel & Jio Sim. May be I got faulty handset. So not recommend this hanset .",2.0
"The length of the charging cable is really short, the plastic design is really cheap and gets scratches even if you handle it with stream care, using with a cover is recommended from the first day, the phone heats a bit and is a bit slow as well, not recommended for gamers, normal people would not notice this and not be bothered by this. and the speaker loudness is not upto the mark.The camera is 8 on 10, the battery is 9 on 10, The performance is 6 on 10 and the screen is 10 on 10. Overall everything is really good, the phone is really good and the best non chinese option for now under the price of 15000₹ in the market.",4.0
"I am Satisfied with almost every part , the Display Is just amazing , even camera Is good (I don't have much to Do with the Camera) so its good for Me , coming to battery I am some what not Satisfied , you won't get the feel as if you are using a 6000 Mah battery , it Drains very fast , the fingerprint Sensor is good , the functions and features are also quite great and appreciable , the phone lookS gooD , the phobe Is also fast enough ,allover the phone is a good one you get a gooD feel while using It but only part I am not Satisfied Is with the battery , So if you are thinking to buy it , you can absolutely go with It",3.0
"Don't buy this product....1. There is no return option.2. No camera quality3. No battery back up4. Taking 5 hrs upto charging full5. Worst package ...They Don't care .6. Full Bugs. Applications are closing due to errors7. No headset , No Back Cover ( Only Charger &  Phone in the box )8. Go for Redmi note 9 pro...( Same Rate )  Quality better than this phone )",1.0
"Worst mobile I've ever used. Not even 15days used,it's started giving Camera issue.It's saying ""Camera Failed"".I googled for this issue and it's saying it's a unresolving issue in this model... I feel cheated and going to lodge a complaint in Consumer Forum.Though their return policy is of 10days but after 15days if such issues being found in mobile then what a customer should do? Amazon should seriously take this into consideration and try to resolve the issue.",1.0
"ProsBest phone for 19500 (8GB 128GB)Excellent  phone battery  lasted 3 days (Calls+occasionally social media)Best for office goers and professionalsCamera quality best for moderate useVoice quality + Network  coverage excellent  due to strong receiver's within phoneSamsung chipset gives is a powerhouse,Very smooth interface and excellent response of the touch screenBest phone average gamers who are ""on the go"" and running multiple appsLight weight even after  6000mha batteryPhone fully made in Noida Uttar PradeshPhone GPS works well, Google maps works superbConsNo earphones or protective  case available  with phoneMissing fast charger takes minimum  3 hrs to fully get charged (0 to100%)",5.0
"About m31s ....it's been about 20 days , suddenly the phone hanged by itself...for example  if am using any social networks it automatically give likes ,share and all...It was very shocking to me...then i went samsu g showroom they said we need to change dispaly becaz it is gone...seriously saying it is unworthy product..s dont buy",1.0
"The battery is the best part of the mobile. It really lasts long. You can easily play PUBG for an hour and the battery will be reduced to maximum 15 percent. The touch response and display is fantastic !! The s-amoled  display is really vibrant. The display feels really premium and better than high end premium phone. I have honor 10 which is 35K, compared to which this display and performance is better . I prefer using this more than my Honor 10.",5.0
"Hi guys,i brought  this phone on 6th march..I dnt know,hw to describe this device features.There is no  s passs,s secure folder and knox security, this is main reason for me. Even m30s also have tht feature.Back Camera is pretty gud ☆☆☆☆Front camera ☆☆☆Battery slow chrngng ☆☆☆Face lock v.v. slow (somtimes unable to recongnise) ☆☆Fingr print ☆☆☆I dnt think its a speed processor.☆☆☆Features ☆☆There is no knox,s secure folder, s pass, samsung pay, locking apps..I wsh i could sell this fr anyone.Totally im not satisfied with this device..☆☆☆",3.0
"camera quality is excellent even better than other branded Mobiles and sound quality is awesome...moreover the battery capacity is great,the phone never gets overheated while charging...the big AMOLED display of the mobile neverallows me to leave it without watching videos...I am in love with this mobile...it is perfect those who want a good mobile under Rs.20000 .Very cool phone,Who says Exynos 9611 is a bad soc , i even have poco x2 but if you play COD and PUBG oh gosh on  730g cod just crashed???? Even on 120hz .and this m31,avery good boy he survived 2 hrs without a crash and then i stopped playing.64mp oh wow its better than poco x2's 64 sony IM686 sensor and even flagship mobiles prove 2mp macro but m31 provided 5mp👍 It even records 4k in selfie no phone can do that in this range even m31 ll win if u compare this with flagship phones.. Blindly go for m31, you won’t regret..",5.0
"So much heating at the place of front camera, every time I trying to figure out why this happening but no clue.Pime Edition- completely irritating by this right swipe opens amazon app. Why I need this if I i have to many shortcuts than this.I never used even single time this swip on orders I did from the date I got this mobile and now.Prime Edition is useless if you already a Prime member.",1.0
"Everything seems as good as promised except for the battery & the front camera!! Didn’t feel both these were up to what they have claimed!! Battery lasts for a 24 hr with normal usage, but not so grand as claimed for many 4000MaH do better or the same!! Front camera doesn’t seems like your using one of those picture enhancer app(youCam), I understand that’s for good looking self portraits but they seem like Photoshoped by amateur!! But the rest seem great!! Back camera is excellent, macro lens is great, Display awesome, Samsung UI is smooth and reliable, performance is good too. Best thing about the phone is the absence of the creepy chinese apps & games on it!!",5.0
"The camera of this phone is a total joke, it doesn't feel like 64 mp at all, front camera is even worse, and the wide angle camera is the funniest of all, it looks like image has been stretched unnaturally, the rear camera will capture good picture only when there is complete light, little bit of darkness and the camera quality becomes 2 mp. i was using oppo f5 which was launched in 2017 and the camera is way way better than the m31. This phone has a good battery life, display quality is good, fingerprint is not that fast but decent, this phone is not for gamers. You should buy this only if you like watching videos, listen to songs and use normal apps. Strictly Not for photography and gaming.",3.0
"Being an iPhone user for 4 years, I was skeptical about switching to Android. Yet, the Samsung M31 got my attention right at the moment I saw it on Amazon.And it has surpassed all my expectations and more. I've never been this satisfied with a phone's performance at this price range.It is absolutely amazing in all aspects from camera to battery. Performance is smooth. I'm not a gamer but occasional PUBG was a lag free experience.Overall, this is the best you can get for 17K right now.",5.0
I have purchased this mobile from Amazon on 3rd August 2020. After using this phone for 19 days now phone has got hanged and screen is not working. I have contacted Samsung Service Centre and they informed to visit nearest Authorized service centre. After introspection of the phone Service Centre representative told that screen needs to be changed and it will take around 10-15 days. This is pathetic from global brand like Samsung. At the service centre I noticed that there were other customers who were facing the same issue.Pathetic phone from Samsung.Don't buy this handset.,2.0
Changing my review after 3 months of usage. It is not getting on!!!!! Not working within 3 months????!!! Extremely dissapointed.. no option is there to call Amazon for this and no response from Amazon. Need to go to service centre. This third time i bought samsung phone. My phone is dead suddenly.,1.0
"Pro.Great DisplayGreat battery lifeGood finger print scanGreat cameraGood overall look, weight, custom UICornCharger need to be more Watt.Back cover finger print magnetNo inbuilt screen recorderOverall it's a great deal if you don't want to buy a Chinese phone in this price segment from Samsung.Go for Indian or other brands ,but don't go for Chinese brand.",5.0
"Very disappointed. I am using redmi note 7 pro which is far better. Picture quality, camera quality is very poor in samsung. Night mode pictures are taking some 5-7 seconds processing time to take the next picture. For calling also it reacts very slow it takes 2 seconds after selecting the contact and after disconnecting the call. Not sure about battery as I didn't test it exactly but I doubt it also. Options are not user frendly. Overall I was totally shocked and disappointed with  samsung quality as I had so much excitement when I ordered it.",1.0
I got the delivery much before the scheduled time. Thanks to Amazon.Samsung been my favorite handset. I used samsung m30 earlier and so m31 seems similar looks wise. For now the camera is superb. It's a fun experience. I totally loved and trying to explore more.Im not a heavy user but still find the battery life is not like what it been claimed.,5.0
"I received a faculty product. About 2 weeks after the screen started bleeding. And eventually it spread to half of the screen. Asked Amazon for refund or return but they said I missed 10days return window. Visited the Samsung care, they are asking to pay Rs4000. It's not even a month and the device got faulty. Rs16500 went in drain and now if I fix it, it's gonna cost even more.",1.0
"Earlier samsung was known for their camera quality, but its degraded now, users can buy Samsung m31, but plz be ready for Normal camera quality.  In dark, camera quality is not good. Blurred images, pixels issues on zooming....soooo many things are there ....that user has to think before purchasing. Not providing head phones, no any screen guards, its height of cost cutting. No in-built applications lock, you have to depend on cheap quality app locks from app store. Rest performance is acceptable.  Battery is good.",3.0
"To be fair this is same as a moto g series phone with brighter samsung screen. Camera is ok.. battery is good  but any new phone battery isgood so lets hope in 1 yr its same. This is my budget phone due to corona, plan was XR. I was an iphone se user.Cons are mild lagging like all samsungs which i used before.  Cant say its 6gb speed, just numbers.",4.0
"Perfect mix of hardware and software to perform not just daily tasks with ease but also performance heavy tasks with ease. The display is beautiful and bright inside and easily visible under the sun also. The camera is one of the best in its category with a quad camera configurable with pixel density upto 64 megapixel. The OneUI from Samsung is intuitive, responsive and convenient to use. Best is that the device is 'Made in India' :) ... a highly recommended phone. The only con is the front camera could have been a 'pin-hole' form factor but then one easily gets used to the 'U-cut' camera form-factor in a matter of a few days.Overall a must have device and highly recommended on all fronts - good camera / display / processing / battery / looks.",5.0
"This product is just a normal handset not more than that. Little over priced, should be within Rs,12000/- Display is more or less good. Camera is almost acceptable. Hyped by attractive advertisements. Battery is as usual typical Samsung Battery. Not much back up though it is said 6000 mH Battery but drain out in one day moderate operation.",4.0
Dont go on the rating the phone is worst because it been 2 months i have purchased this phone slowly it has one spot on the display and day by day the spot got increased now when i visited the service centre as my product is in warranty the people in the service centre are saying that u need to pay money because the phone is internally damaged...they are giving multiple reasons that the phone is been damaged because it has been kept in tight jeans...the fun part over here is my mom is using this phone and she is home maker and she doesnot go out wearing jeans...and the charges which they say are 5000 rs that i need to pay to repair the phone so what is the use of taking this phone..frst of all i dint had faith in samsung but looking at the rating i purchased.....i request who all are reading my review please dont purchase this phone because the other visitors in the service centre had the same problem with their phones as well samsung M31 and samsung M31S so service centre people are just making their income nothing else...strict no to this phone and never trust samsung,1.0
"Seller must be banned... I ordered this handset twice.... First time it was ON inside the package.... I returned the parcel that time..... Then ordered again.... Today after opening the handset everything was looking good, but when open Sim slot it was very tight from inside.... When it ejected finally, the Sim slot was tampered... I think it's returned and repackaged handset sold by the seller.... So the seller must be kicked out from Amazon Prime...",1.0
I like this product because good for values.But some goods and bads point are found i share.GoodCrisp AMOLED displayExcellent battery lifeDecent performanceGood photo quality in daylightBadDisappointing low-light camera performanceSpammy notificationsPoor video stabilisation,5.0
"Battery life is excellent. Camera is pretty good, too.  Quite happy with the performance over the last two weeks or so.Overall, a value for money phone. Is Made in India, too. You should consider for phones under rs.20,000.I decided to buy this phone after quiite a lot of research. And Im quite happy with the decision.  Hope this helps.",5.0
"VALUE BUYING AT 17499 WITH EXCHANGE OF INFINIX HOT 8 WORTH 4800 SO IT IS GOOD FOR ME .Q6000 MAH BATTERY IS NOT TRUE IT WON'T  WORK FOR MORE THAN 1 DAY FOR NORMAL USERS LIKE ME WHO DO EVERYTHING ON PHONE TWITTER/FB/MARKETS , NO .CAMERA QUALITY IS GOOD FOR THIS SERIES .PHONE IS GOOD IN HANDS.MADE IN INDIA _ NON CHINESE WAS MY FIRST CONCERN SO I PICKED THIS ONE .BUDGET PHONE-BETTER CAMERA- BATTERY WORKS LIKE 4000 MAH SO IT'S GOOD PICK.PHONE GOT HANG AFTER USING 7 DAYS , EDITING MY REVIEW BECAUSE PHONE GOT A ISSUE IN RAM USE OR SOMETHING THEY NEED TO WORK ON , PHONE RESTARTS AUTOMATICALLY, LAG IS THERE.YOU MAY BUY IF YOU WANT NON CHINESE BETTER BUDGET PICK ,",3.0
"Overall Good. 6GB RAM provides smooth operating of Phone along with Android 10 and One UI 2.0. Though fast charging feature is provided in this model, feels like its charging at normal speed and samsung needs to check with this. As I also own a Samsung galaxy M40 whose charging is really fast as compared to M31.Only drawback is that can't get proper sized tempered glass for this mobile. Hope Samsung will try to provide Proper accessories for any new Model they launch.",5.0
"It's been just 3 weeks since i bought this phone.When it comes to midrange models samsung has always been a good choice.Its performance and other features are always been decent.Galaxy M31 has some of the good features too.The First and the best thing about this phone is its display.Its 6.4"" super amoled display is awesome! Touch experience is butter smooth.If you watch lot of movies & videos then this phone is a right choice for you.Bcoz I watch lot of movies so its display quality is really great!It has a massive 6000mah battery which gives you a good battery life. I used to watch offline movies without break for more than 2 hours but the charge only decreases 10%.I think it's really great! But if you are using social media and play games a lot or surfing internet for a long time then it gives you a decent battery life of 1 day or less.This is not for heavy gamers.Pls keep in my mind the charging time is too long.It charges only 34% in 1 hour.So it surely takes 2 and half hours to charge from 0 to100%.Even though they have given an Adaptive Fast Charger it charges slowly.Due to its heavy battery and 8.9mm thickness I thought it would be bulky but surprisingly it doesn't feel heavy or bulky in hand.Thanks to its curvy finish.Cellular call quality is good.It has a single Speaker which is loud and audible.Sound through ear phone also really good.Camera takes decent photos.It has got wide angle and macro too.I have posted some sample shots here .Color Saturation is good.Camera has some more features which I haven't used it yet.Selfie camera is good. When it comes to performance I would say it's not bad at all.I haven't seen any stutter or lag so far.Gaming performance is also good.I am not a fan of PUBG so I haven't installed it.I have Real Racing 2 which played really good without any lag. Some of them has said in their review that the phone has some heating issues but in my experience the phone doesn't heat much while playing games or watching movies or doing any other task.It gets heat while charging but it's normal I think.In this price range you can get lot of other brands with very good spec.But at the end of the day its SAMSUNG.Due to its brand value the pricing is high for this specs.So finally its user's choice to go for what they wish.Overall the phone is good in all aspect.",4.0
"Worth every ruppee,Overall 5/5Display 5/5 Best display I've seen, when you compare with other brands it's feels like comparing sony ericssion display with nokia during java eraoneui 5/5  previously I used stock android on moto and I can say it's better, and the only one feature missing is multi userPerformance 5/5No lagging so farCamera 4/5Takes great pictures, but I expected a slightly better pictures at poor light conditions for 64mpFingerprint sensor 3/5My moto g5s+ was more responsiveFinally you can definitely go for this mobile.",5.0
"Great phone in all aspects at a pocket friendly price point. i was using several expensive brands earlier and i needed another phone for some generic use at home. i was looking for a good balance of quality, brand, performance and a decent price point. this samsung galaxy M31 fits that bill perfectly. i have been using this for several months now and i am extremely happy with it's performance. speed and responsiveness are great. camera quality is comparable to several expensive phones that i have at home. finger print sensor is a great relief and makes it highly usable. display quality, like all samsung devices is really superior. light weight on the pocket both in terms of it's real weight and also from the price perspective :-) Strongly recommend to budget conscious folks..",5.0
"Design 4/10Camera 3/10Performance 3/10Display 6/10(For display I thoght of giving 8 stars but poor gorilla glass 3 made it to 6, should have used atleast gorilla glass 5)Battery 6/10(Inspite of 6000Mah battery, it wont last long)Build quality 4/10(Cheap plastic)OneUI 7/10Speaker 4/10Value for Money 4/10I strictly dont recommend this phone. There are many better ones in the market.Its the 3rd day of using, already the phone hangs and stucks.Dont get cheated by the ratings on amazon, there are many ways they can increase it. So, stay away from samsung and save yourself.",1.0
"Dont get fooled by 8GB ram, it's the processor that matters. a 4GB phone with the right processor will do just fine. Had used samsung J7 pro and Note8 earlier, these were finer phones but again were a lot costlier. Camera is okay, battery is great although it takes lot of your time for charging, so full charge can happen only in the morning after you put it to charge the night before you sleep.  Do get a cover when you buy one as it is quite slippery to handle. Blue looks great, Plastic body though feels cheap. I got a 8GB ram M31 using it for about a month now, I feel 4/6 GB ram would have served the purpose just fine. Get 8GB only if you are into serious mobile gaming otherwise it doesn't make sense.",4.0
Worst mobile of my life.....I tell you the story6 months back I purchased this mobile. I used 5 days then I came to know that it's hanging too much I return the mobile and got my refund. I thought this happened with that particular mobile so I repurchase the same model in different color. 10 days it was good. Later on it started hanging even I have to rushed up to samsung center for formating. They formated and updated. I came to home after a week again it started the same problems of hanging. I am too much disappointed with this. Although I don't have any games app or any unusable applications. Very limited apps I have in this but still the problems are same.Battery back is only for 14 to 18 hours if you don't use more.Camera is like 16 gb no pic clearity.Charger is for fast charging but it's also average.Request to other usersKindly write review of the phone so the other can get benefits of it.No matter whether it is possitive or negative but you please write. Because other buyers are dependent on your review.Regards,1.0
Pros-Battery life (it lasts for 1.5- 2 days approx for me  with social networking apps and video streaming 2-3hrs viewing)- Crisp display to watch HD videos- Fingerprint sensor response is faster after unlock button is pressed than direct fingerprint unlocking.Cons- Backbody gets dirty easily and has sticky feeling when palms are sweaty.- Night time camera both front and back is full.- Speaker Sound is good but Bass sound is not clear-Camera cuts the side when a document is captured. Sides will be cut than what is shown on screen while capturingSeeing price range I would suggest it is a good buy. But if you have some additional budget go for M31s as body looks more premium than M31.,4.0
"In this price, the phone is superb! Mainly camera & battery of the phone is very good in price renge. Big screen gives you amazing experience of 4k videos. I ordered for blue colour but its not actually blue. Other features are great according to value. One con is the back panel. Back panel made from plastic so its have too many scratches on it. Buy a back cover along with phone is must. Go for it, love this product. Dilevery is too fast. Thank you!",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Please don't purchase any mobile from this seller or from Amazon. As they have lost credibility. The phone stopped working within 1 month and when I asked for a replacement they said your return window is over. I checked with Samsung Service Center and confirmed that It had a manufacturing defect. Lost trust in Amazon who started looting the people to provide the defective product at the original price.If this defect has not caused by me then why should I use the product after repairing it while I paid the money for an original phone? Please stop making fools.When I questioned this to customer care, they said I should stop purchasing at Amazon and look for another place. This is the rude behavior of Amazon I have ever seen since when I started shopping at Amazon in 2014.",1.0
Poor camera except 64 mp.Very poor back plastic quality fully damaged after 6 months use with back cover always on.Battery and display is niceProcessor exynos 9611 is very slow compared with other available option at this price.,1.0
"After about a month of usage I have come across some pros and cons of this handsetPros :Good cameraExcellent displayGood build qualityGood soundGood microphoneExcellent voice recording qualityExcellent video recording qualityReally fastCons :The battery life is good but does not give service lyk 6000 mahThe phone takes a bit to restartThe camera doesnt have manual focus in expert modeThe Iso control is not efficient in manual camera modeSometimes hangs a bit and out of nowhere starts playing youtube even when phone is locked but it has happened only once.The back is very dullOverall a good smartphone to have. Functioning is quite satisfying. Most importantly, a very good smartphone in this range and it is made in India as well.",4.0
"I ordered the phone on first day of great Indian sale, and within 4 days of usage touch screen stopped working all of a sudden. Contacted Samsung customer care and they suggested me to opt for replacement. Fortunately it was eligible for replacement and finally got replacement today. While checking with few sellers nearby , I came to know that this is frequent issue with M series mobiles especially M31 , did not expect such low quality product from Samsung. So many pre installed useless apps also annoying and professor does not seems to be so great, performance lag is obvious while switching apps. Overall not happy with purchase though paid extra bucks compared to Redmi Vivo Realme. Last experience with Redmi was much better than this.",2.0
the product is not satisfy to me. I feeling that my money has wast. this is cheated me. now start form front camera. front camera is 64 MP by company but it is not like 64 MP but it is like 32 MP camera and back camera is 32 MP told by company but it is showing 21MP in the camera setting and it is shocking that the camera is not like 21mp but like 16MP camera. Now come to battery oh god it is horrible that the battery is like 3000 mAh. I want to ask to company why are you cheated to customer. Why?,2.0
"This new product launched by Samsung stands as a great exciting and full of surprises for the Android customers as the camera quality, recording and sound are exhilarating. It stands unique if compared to the products of other companies in the same price range. As other companies seem to advertise and marketize their products, Samsung galaxy M31 does what it says and that's only required for a customer. It doesn't exaggerate or pontificate about the product and therefore all the customers have bought it as per their personal belief regarding the mobile and this what makes Samsung Galaxy M31 invincible in mid-range phones.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   1.Finger print reader is fine.2.Though the quality of camera is not so good being a 64 mp camera, But it is worth the amount you pay for mobile. Yo can not expect Sony camera in M series mobile.3. Over all performance of mobile seems good. More ever this is an non Chinese mobile and I like it.",5.0
"Fingerprint reader and face recognition is super quick, I'll give 5 out 5 for that. It may be due to 6 GB Ram thing.Camera quality is also good, not too good though.Battery life is 1 day excluding charging time.The only setback is the battery charging time, as you can see in the screenshot itself, 9% it requires 33 min. So, for getting it full charge you have to 🔌 for 3.5 to 4 hr, though it's written that fast charging is there, donno what kind of fast charging is this.Overall, if you're a professional like me, not a gamer it's decent purchase, lookwise also.You can go for it, if you have no issue in putting it for charge every night.",4.0
Yaar...I opened my phone today received on 24th september.it is having a manufacturing defect.its front camera is giving a blurred image or video.I'm a teacher ordered it for online classes as donor wanted to order a Chinese phone but see how I'm cheated.Return date is over on 1st October.What should I do now.Shame on you Amazon...This is my fourth phone I ordered from Amazon and I'm really feeling helpless.Please replace my phone.....,1.0
"Fingerprint reader is awesome both in its view and working.Camera quality isnt as we can say 64 mp but the wide angle it creates and captures is awesome. Selfie camera is thumbs up.Baterry life was the primary thing i went for and in this range this battery pickup is great.The touchscreen, smooth touch, sleek and classy look is more than the price.No heating problem, no hanging problem, bit of network connectivity problem probably due to the operator.I would have given 4 straightaway. But .5 is to be added for the low price range and .5 is to be cut for the not so 64 camera quality. So i go with 4.5*",5.0
"Its Exynos 9611 Processor, Rear Quad camera setup with wide angle and macro shot capability, 6 GB RAM and most importantly its price (Comparable to many Chinese smartphones). I ordered 2-phones, one was delivered on 8th July and the other on 16th July 2020. I am using this phone for normal usage and for Amazon prime to view movies.The only problem I am facing sometimes is the net connectivity issue when Samsung Max VPN is ON (May be Ultra data saving mode is ON). When I put it off, then the connectivity resumes. Overall, its a great phone. I strongly recommend to buy it over Chinese make smartphones. Now the Samsung Galaxy M31s is also available with an infinity display with a price of Rs.2000 more.",5.0
I got the phone used it for 10 days and 4 5 days ago was updating the software and it suddenly got switched off ... Went to the service center they are saying the display is gone and IC is also gone.. it will cost 8000 for repairing it !It's a brand new phone which I purchased 15 days ago and this has happened !It's a request to amazon or the phone seller to take some action !,2.0
"I used this phone for  a month, i bought it on 31st of May 2020, and i completely liked it and gave it 5 star rating. But today suddenly its promary speaker stopped working and i can't hear anything when on a call. I tried all the troubleshooting techniques, connected to the Samsung Customer Service, and even reset my factory data!So now it is presumed that its a hardware issue so I have to visit the nearby Customer service centre, but it is all locked down.I'm so disappointed in Samsung. I used to always prefer Samsung but today, hey! you gave me such a faulty product. Thanks.For those who are going to buy this, STOP and RETHINK!",1.0
Writing review after using 2 months.Amoled display is good.Camera is hyped. Not that great.Lacking to perform daily regular task.Hangs a lot. Need to restart each time.Initially 1 month full battery charge was taking around 2.5 hours . Now it's taking 8-9 hours.,2.0
"I had bought Samsung Galaxy M31 Mobile which is now I know a really good choice. It has all that required feature to define a good phone 2/1.5 days battery life after watching video on netflix and playing games. Best quality camera,. Fingure reader is faster in camparision to face unlock. 128GB storage is also more than enough.Problem with it is its operating system compared to 5 year old mi prime 3s phone it seems little dumb.Eg. 1) Face unlock needs you swipe to return to your previous screen.2) Tapping on date / time do not take you to calender or clock setting3) If you turned on flash light pressing power button twice it should turn off4) QR camera given by default on notification bar is never works like QR code scanner it is normal camera or it is confusing.",5.0
"Camera quality is not good in ultra-wide angle it is ok.Battery life is goodThe fingerprint reader is not good because sometimes it's not workingPhone some time lagging for a few seconds that is not good because it has a 6GB ram, 64 GB storage and storage space more than 50GB.I tell some things to Samsung, we purchase your product for quality so I think it is not provided, it gives the only feature not quality like China's company and china company same configuration phone not lagging.",2.0
Another Very good mobile from SamsungPros1)Build quality is very good2) Display quality is top notch (premium touch exp)3) Battery life is the ultimate4)Cam is also performing wellCons1)As is it 6k mah so somewhat heavyweight (negligible)2)Not for gamers3)fingerprint reader is somewhat slow but accuracy is very good,5.0
"After using 1 & half month...Battery life is good as its 6000 mah, but a real fast charger (30 watts or more)should have been supported..as it takes about 2.5 hours to full charge from 10 percent using inbox 15 watt charger.Camera is good in day light but worst performance in artificial light, dont go with the numbers as 64mpixels also tha macro camera is with fixed focal length so you will have to adjust distance to get a clear shot.It comes with one UI core version so keep that in mind, it doesnt have safe folder or knox security.It comes with dolby atmos sound and I love it. Its just amazing. Speaker sound volume and quality is also good.Display, Super amoled, great experience.One bug I found very annoying,  I listen songs when I ride bike and I use 3.5 mm jack wired headphone, When listening a song and if a whatsapp message comes then the notification ring tones keeps on playing with the song I listening,  even when I read the message and then close whatsapp, still ringing, I then closed music app (gaana app in my case) still notification ringtone is going on, I then muted the phone..but still going on, then disconnected the headphone jack, it started playing in speaker now, The only option to mute it, is to restart the phone. Its very very irritating as I have to stop bike take the phone out and restart it every time. I think its a software bug, dont know if its gaana app or the operating system of the phone, Samsun, please check this.Else everything is Good.",4.0
"Good Midranger smartphoneIam giving this review after a week of usage.About the Performance :Mine was 6gb so smoothness was fine for me but the processor could be better because this could not even win against Snapdragon 660 in the geek bench scoresBut overall goodAbout Camera :64MP taking good photos.Colours were vibrant. But the without the HDR function all the photos looked over exposed especially the sunlight. After the one ui 2.1 update we could not set HDR manually.The main drawback of 64MP is lack of details. But it manages to take good ones. Comparing to Sony 64MP Sensor the Samsung is very much lacking in Details and HDR function never works in 64MP mode.Normal Video Recording is strictly  restricted to 30 FPS. We could not even change it using other camera apps.Slow motion (240FPS) is having some freezes randomly.Super slowmotion is working fine (480FPS) and recording only 1 sec but excellent.Front Camera is just fine, cannot say its good because it also lacks very much details.About the Battery :Battery is very good.But comparing to 5000mah phones, its performing same as these phones.sAMOLED will consume more battery if white light is produced. So we could ignore the difference between 5000 and 6000.About Display and UI :AMOLED has its own drawbacks and some prosUi is clean and smooth.Amazon done their job correctly 👏Delivery was perfect in this Covid 19 pandemic",4.0
"Samsung! A trusted brand. Candid review from a first time Samsung user.Likes:1. Battery life2. Amoled screen resolution3. Form factor and handling of phone is good, can be slippery if held without a back cover.4. Camera clarity is good5. The hardware specs is great considering the price pointDislikes:1. Feels marginally heavy when compared to rivals2. Bloatwares installed and notification pop-ups is annoying3. Pictures captured using Macro lens has noise and doesn't reflect the actual clarity.4. Options to toggle from within the camera application  to different modes needs time to get used to, feels hectic at the initial use.5. Refresh rate and caching could have been better as the device slows down when several apps are all open.My camera usage is low (<10 pics a week),  have moderate number of applications and on screen usage (viewing) is about approximately 5 hours a day utmost (being practical), watching videos is pleasure on this device.If buying a device is 1, practical understanding of hardware(specs) and usage of the device is also to be considered.If you're someone who expects high-end features after paying for this device, Samsung alone might be able to help probably by the next decade based on competition and evolution of technology.Unsure if people are reasonable, Samsung is.Verdict: A great deal for the bucks spent.(This is in no way a paid promotion).",5.0
"I have purchased the samsung gaalxy m31 with 6gb ram and 128 gb internal space. Here are the pros and cons based on my usage of the phone:Pros :1) Non chinese brand2) affordable3) great camera4) battery life is great when you use it on power saving mode5) quick delivery by amazonCons:1) fingerprint sensor is terrible. Takes atleast 3 tries to get my fingerprint detected.2) cannot secure/lock apps. There is no inbuilt security for locking apps and app notifications. You have to download a third party app to lock your applications3) does not allow me to chose a sim while turning on the mobile data. You have to go the settings and change the default sim everytime you want to use another sim.(i understand this might be a weird thing to point out, but i use both my sims for internet based on the network connectivity. Hence this is a bit annoying)4) within the first month of using the phone, i experienced the error ""UI not responding"". Although i have not encountered the same error again, but it still says something about the performance of the phone.5)not happy with the battery life while using the normal mode. If the phone's mobile data/wifi is on, the battery drains quickly.Verdict : the phone is quite nice if your work is not heavily dependant on internet. With power saving mode, the battery performance is incredible. Go ahead with it if you want a budget phone with good camera, battery life and ram performance.",3.0
"The phone is automatically restarts by it's own, fingerprint reader sometimes not detected your fingers and battery life is also ok ok but not as good as mentioned in their specifications.camera quality is good and this is phone is hanged sometimes and also over heated sometimes even when it's not on charging point.when we are talking over the while charhing in emergency then you can't talk properly because of charging follow inside the phone is directly reflecting during the call in term of electricity flow",3.0
"I bought this phone on 5th March.  Still working well. As it has been given a 64-megapixcel camera, it is useless to do too much expectation. Some basic features are not available in this phone like pre installed music player and no option available to change the frequency of hotspot tethering. Because of this you will not be able to connect any old version laptop etc through hotspot. Battery performance is good. If we talk about its look, then the back body is not very attractive due to the plastic material body being compared to the equivalent phone available at this time. Still seeing the price range, there is no harm in buying it.  According to me, this is an average smartphone.",3.0
"Giving a review after 5 months of heavy usage so worth reading.Pros-1. Unlike every other Samsung phone which is not apt for gaming , this is the one friend. Many said me that don't go for it if you want to play but it never lagged or heated up while playing high end games.Super smooth usage and interface.2. Camera is drop dead awesome. It literally justifies the 64 mp quad camera.3. I guess no one can give a negative comment on the sleek and classy look of the phone. It feels great to hold and 10 on 10 for looks.4. Screen resolution and quality is also super fine.Cons-1. The quick charge is almost equal to normal and there is nothing to get excited about.2. The battery is unable to justify 6000 mah as it claims. Other brands offering 4000mah lasts equal to this and after good all day usage u need to plug it again in the night. I expected that 6000mah will go 2 days easily but not in this case.Conclusion- After such detailed analysis after 5 months, I can easily say that the pros can easily oustand the cons and this is one of the best budget phone Samsung has offered. And with such a reliable tag of Samsung, go for it without a second thought.You will see that the other brands will offer somewhat same features in little less price but I would suggest you to go for this as this deserves the every extra penny spend, and ofcourse not a Chinese product.",5.0
"This phone is so perfect in everything. Camera quality, phone touch, screen amoled wallpaper is so nice. battery performance is so good that if you charge it for on time, you can use it for more than 24 hours. Overall this is the best phone to purchase. I would recommend everyone to buy it.",5.0
"Pros- Display is awesome, Satisfied with camera quality and battery life is too good ..No lag issue till now..Cons- Slow Charging speed takes 2.5 hour to charge full.Overall a good phone inhand feeling is also very good ..",4.0
"Phone model is quite handy.. I got this within 16.5k.. It seems a good buy.The camera is goodBattery is very greatSound is also niceBut my main problem is with the network...the wifi and data connectivity, I face this issue intermittently.  Internet being mandatory  in today's time, this issue is extremely inconvenient. Many people using m31 are facing this issue.*Will update my review once my problem gets resolved.",5.0
"Awesome performance, I have used this mobile for almost 4 months and after that I'm sharing my view on this.Pros:Good Camera (In day light)Best batteryVery good performanceNever get hangAwesome UITimely android updates and patch upCons:Take more than 2 hours to fully chargeModerate camera performance in low lightLittle bulky when compare to other same range mobilesOverall it provide a good support in the given price band. Everyone has their own priority based on that one may like or not. This review is based on my priority and experience.",5.0
I am writing this review after using this phone i.e Samsung m31 for about a month now i faced some problems in starting i.e blank screen so i replaced this phone but when the new phone came it was very good smooth working thanks to Amazon and the phone is very good fluently working specifications are very good otherwise the phone is working very well no problem in daily usage camera quality very good even outstanding processor is good with no lagging problems storage space is adequate we get 108 gb in 128 gb variant as free space so this was my complete review for this phone thank you,5.0
"This is best thing you can get at this price from a reputed brand with Made in India tag. I bought it at July 26th one day early delivery from Amazing Amazon, Thanks to Amazon. This is my first experience with Samsung...Good:- Android 10! Beautiful looks!- Display is excellent with Blue light filter.- Performance is good. No heating or lagging. Real Racing worked fine.- 6000 Mah battery is BIG- 128 GB storage is pretty good. 512 GB card supported with dedicated external card slot.- Both dedicated sim slots support LTE- Fast charging and 15W charger top with phone.- Camera is really good. Macro performance is very good -  Both front and rear camera support FHD video 3840x2160.- I love selfie Camara it's quality is lovable...- Face unlock / figure-print sensor response is good. But I didn't usedNot So Good:- Phone charging cable / data cable is  too short to connect anywhere... It should be atleast 1.5 or 2 meters...Feedback- Feels good in hand and in use.- Feels very happy about M31.- I purchased one more samsung M31 for my wife too at october...- Will update after few days of use, but don't have any doubt as of now.- As of now we are very happy to use this...",5.0
I bought this phone about 2 weeks ago and it stopped charging all of a sudden and since then my phone's been dead and does not charge at all.It just shows this lightning bolt symbol but does not charge.I tried charging with other chargers but to no value and i took the phone to samsung service center and they said the problem is in the hardware.I am so frustrated being a student by crunching money from here and there i bought this phone never expected this low quality stuff from samsung.Its not only me you can find a forum on samsung members section where many people have similar complaint like me and not only this phone but people have complaints about samsung a50 a20 etc.Samsung totally wasted my 17k money.,1.0
"After using 2 days I'm writing this review of Samsung Galaxy M31.This phone is good in terms of performance and looks.Battery is okay, it's not run that big what the company claims. One more issue is with charging. Company claims fast charging but this phone is very very slow in charging. It takes around 2 hours to full charge.Camera is okay in 16K price.",4.0
"Battery back up is good not as displayed ass 2 days if we watch online youtube videos it will last 7-8 hr . Camera is noot good if compared with redmi note 9 pro max, when taken pctures both on M31 and redmi note 9 pro max of my friend i can see his images were way bit clarity and sharper .Overall Not upto the mark at that price",3.0
"I have used this phone for about two weeks now.I'm so in love with this phone.PROS1. The battery life is amazing, it has a wonderful standby time.2. Camera is wonderful. The 64mp gives an good finish in the photos.3. The screen is the main plus on this phone, the super AMOLED is good, even if the refresh rate is 60hz it gives a good experience while using.4. Even with 6000amh battery & phone weight of 191grams, the weight is evenly distributed and very comfortable to use.5. The phone comes with a SAMSUNG's own user interface ONE UI 2.0, it gives a premium experience for the user.6. Widevine certification is for this phone.CONS1. There's only 15watts charger given with the phone. 25watts could have be so good(25watts is available in M31s), it roughly take around 2hr 45mins. To get 0% to 100%.2. The processor is Exynos 9611 which is a powerful processor for daily usage. Heavy Gaming with this processor is not advisable. High resolution games are not recommended.3. Low light pictures are average, SAMSUNG should work on that.4. M31 doesn't come with headset or back cover. I paid 17.5k for the phone, I was little bit disappointed when both cover & headset are not includedI will definitely recommend people to buy this phone.",5.0
Internet connectivity is very poor in this device. The same sim card in the same location in this device is rarely catching 4g whereas in other device (ipad/ vivo u20) it is always catching 4g. Hence In the sense of internet connectivity the performance of this device is very poor. If you like to have good internet irrespective of network provider you should definitely avoid this device. Now I am in a situation where I do not know what to do with this highly priced useless device.,1.0
"Pretty Decent features in a reasonable price range...Camera is good but not exceptional, don't expect iPhone X clarity n crispiness as this is a budget phone.. Battery backup is great as expected with a 6000mh battery.Only flaw I can point out is, the term fast charging associated with this fone Charging time varies between 4=5hrs for a full charge which is not expected",4.0
"When I was looking to upgrade from my old phone I was essentially looking for something that went along the lines of long term usage, good battery life, big storage, a decent ram speed and most of all a decent camera quality; I was looking for all of that in a mid range phone, I am a loyal Samsung customer but in the last couple of years the product was a bit disappointing so I kept myself away from it as much as I could..But when I read through the reviews and test videos for this phone I had no doubt about what my next purchase would be and I bought it after weeks and comparing and checking out other stuff and I am so happy that I decided on this to be my phone.. Let's start with the following.Battery : with 6000mh battery my days off worrying about low battery life is now all in the past, with minimal usage I easily get about 2 days of work done on my phone but if I am gaming then it's easily a day and a half to dot and that makes me a happy woman, the only thing that comes with a battery that big is it makes the phone a bit heavy but that's okay.Camera: the picture quality is quite good for a phone at this range and even with moderate lighting the phone does a wonderful job helping you with those aspects, since I do a lot of video calling with it helps good with those aspects.Graphics, storage and speed: it's fast, it's big with 128gb internal storage and 6gb ram space this phone gives me enough storage and functionality speed I need to do my day to day work on the phone without worrying about any lags on things, which for a mid range phone is very impressive.Yes it has a headphone jack but the package doesn't come with a pair of ear phones that most previous phones came with but if you already have a existing ear phones that work then you don't need to worry.Fast charge that charges you phone to full capacity within 2 and a half hours is lifesaver, I still don't know if wireless charging is a possibility but I am happy with what I have right nowOver all, I am really happy with the product I've purchased",5.0
"Samsung beast mobile, Truly awesome product in budget.Battery is seriously good to go for more than a day if you using this mobile continueously.FingerPrint Reader is little slow but okay.Mainly camera...so many modes are available but camera quality is not upto mark...poor quality of picture is captured. for camera, Not worthy.",4.0
"I purchased this phone after reading all the reviews and browsing thru different brands. The phone battery isn't too much to say about, phone has been hanging too often and I am neither a gaming person but normal user. Don't trust the brands blindly becoz we get cheated in the name of big brands easily and too often.For me Redmi Note 9 Pro is a better choice than Samsung M31. I already had Redmi Note 8 Pro and its no where near to its performance and quality.",2.0
"I got it in  June 2020. Due to my family member death I couldn't make a replacement or return. From the day I purchased, it's getting stuck, changed, even i end the call it doesn't end, whenever I need to speak I need to keep it on speaker else I will not be able to hear and not audible. Kindly the management pls have a look into this. I am trying to chat online with customer care and I get a message saying we work from 8am to 10pm. Even 2pm or 3pm i get the same message. If the management is having a look at my message, request the management to kindly replace. Thanks!",1.0
4 days back i got samsung M31 new  from Amzon. It is not worth buying after seeing their adverstisement. The camera is poor not worth . I have samsung J6 mobile 3 years old  the features of both the phones are same nothing new. just it is bigger little. Very little changes and other future of old samsung remain same in new M31.,1.0
"A very balanced phone that you can gift to yourself or your near and dear ones. The form factor of this phone is really good, and it is ideal for one hand usage. The screen quality is one of the best in the price range. Nothing even comes close to it. The phone gives you good haptik feedback too. Can definitely consider buying.",5.0
"Hi,Problem started after few months.Touch response is getting me disturb a bit now.UI doesn't make a difference and doesn't work good.Auto rotate is extra smart than requirement.Few times, keyboard appears with delay.Processor is not good enough for this storage. Need bigger processor or less storage.Flash light heats up at full brightness hence need to keep it 2nd or 3rd level max so that safety glass doesn't fade yellow soon due to heat.Thumbs up to battery, enough for almost two days as per my usage. Means, after my 9 to 5 job I can watch 2 movies and still I can go along till 4 PM of next day.Camera is fantastic.Phone is quite handy.Over all average phone.",3.0
Pros:Battery life is goodFinger print reader is good.Cons:Even if it has 6Gb Ram it is slow.Touch screen is also sluggishCamers 64 MP but still quality of photo is averageSmart view (screen mirrror) functionality is very bad. It hangs sometime. Latency between image and audio is noticeable.No app lock functionality...only available in expensive models like s10. App lock is privacy functionality it is very much needed by everyone.After every update phone gets slower.Overall not happy with the phone. At same cost many other phones with better functionality and user experience is available.,2.0
"Writing review after 1 month of using this product . Camera quality is not up to the mark. Sometime it will capture classic image but sometime pictures r not upto the mark particularly in night. Random behaviour of camera. Regarding battery they said fast charging but it takes at least 3hrs to charge phone fully. Apart from this the phone is good with this range. They have so many good features just like dark theme which is really  good as compared to other competitors, then smooth navigation,  smart lock etc",4.0
"Mobile is average.Photo quality is ok, but not as good as  Redmi note 8 Pro mobile.Mobile is having regular heating issue.Charing is taking 2.30 hrs to charge 100% from zero, my earlier Redmi note 8 pro used to take 1.40 hrs for the same.Too delicate to handle.I will not recommend to buy this mobile.I am waiting for 1 year at list after that, will buy some Xiomi phone, with exchanging this phone.",1.0
"Likes:1. Battery is good.2. Camera appears good, though I haven't yet observed/used it keenly.Dislikes:1. The width of the handset is less than the optimal, making typing difficult due to the jumbling of alphabet in the portrait mode.2. System heats up even during the simple applications.3. It even hangs down while using simpler applications.4. The overall software is not user friendly, making simpler things complex.5. Not at par with Redmi phones. My Redmi Note 4 was better than it in many respects.6. The seller is casual and not competent enough as the packaging was quite imperfect for the phone. The phone box was simply kept in a big cardboard box alongwith some other item, without any cushioning. The seller should be blacklisted by Amazon.Redmi Note 8 Pro is a better option. I Regret for buying it.",3.0
"1. CAMERA , quality is just ok when I compare with same prise phone like MI. They need to improve it.Macro shots are fine.2. Finger prints scanner, I will say much improved from previous samsung phones. But still sometime its not able to read so quickly.3.Battery, this is good part. Once fully charge it keep going for long time. But bad part is its charger. It take too long to charge full.4. Space , no problem5, good non china phone... :)",4.0
"Samsung has been in the market since ages,so its product will obviously better than the Chinese phones which are trying to fool people ..Battery is fine;not exactly 6000mah but somewhere near 5200mahDisplay ..Samsung manufacturers amoled display for all mobiles in the world even apple ..so when it gives amoled display for its own phone ..its bound to be the bestDolby atmos-best quality in a phone ..u will feel as if u r living the movie ..best phone for binge watching ..Music-although its not the best but at this price range the quality is satisfactory ..for enjoying better music -a feature which is not highlighted by Samsung..go to settings-create your own sound profile and enjoy music as per your ears..Camera ,ram are fine:they r as mentioned..although camera quality is not so good as Apple..but look at the price that you are payingRest all the features are fine..if u want to be tension free after buying a mobile, just go for this and it will never let u down..pricing is also much better than Chinese phones :which don't give u nice features but still charge more",4.0
"Just over 7 days of return policy, on days 11th phone went switch off wile I was texting some one, I tried thousand  time to power on phone but never did, call to Samsung customer care they suggest many thing to power on phone nothing work, I am in very rural area, some how manage to go 60 KM away Samsung service center, they told me mother board is dead, they say they can send phone further to some Samsung head office but it will take long time, so i call Amazon to ask return and explained every thing they promise me to help nothing happened, after 4th time talking with amason i was told i have to go samsung service center for help, well during the lock down nothing is essay, i still have have with no help of samsung and  amazon, after talking to samsung and amzon, got to lern that buying stuff like phone from shop is much better than online, and this is deflective pies with fundamental problem, why not replacement,highly recommended not to buy this model and if possible from amazon.thanksDaddu Pradeep Pal",1.0
"Battery- this phone have good battery backup but it doesnt deel like 6000 mah battery.so,i give 4 star for battery.Display- very good display i like very much.Camera- i want to give 3 but i give 4 i dont know why. I give low rating to camera because every photos you take  it never feels like 64 mp it look like a just little bit good then regular camera and selfie is worse it look like beauty plus.Gaming - this phone have nice processor you can play games in high graphics smoothly but not extremely but its okay for me becaude this phone is not gaming phone.Fingerprint reader-i dont want to say much about this beacuse its okay not that fast as well as not slow.If you want to take non chinese product and  regular base phone with all the things in under 17000 believe  me this phone is the best.",4.0
"The phone is as per specifications, although on hand, I felt it to be thicker and heavier than expected. Charging time also seems to be longer considering that the phone comes with a fast charger. However, the reason I have given it 3 stars, or may be should have given 2 stars, is because on unboxing, there were some white particles (like fine thermocol pieces) on the handset plastic covering. There was a white mark on the charger; thought it would go off on wiping but the mark persisted. Probably, the charger was mishandled during packing. There was also a white mark near the volume button; again, the mark persisted after wiping. The phone was properly packed, and the seal was intact. Hence, unlikely that the set was tampered with, hopefully. Probably, standard quality check protocols were not followed during packing.",3.0
"*** What i liked in this device:-+ Large Display of 6.44 Inch which is Super AMOLED FHD+ Infinity U Displa+ Camera (64MP f/1.8 Samsung GW1 Sensor, 8MP Ultra Wide-Angle Lens, 5MP Depth Sensor & 5MP Macro Sensor)+ 6000 mAh Massive Battery+ Massive storage with decent LPDDR4x RAM (6GB Ram / 128GB)+ Expandable Storage via Micro SD Card Upto 512GB.+ OneUI 2.0+ Fast fingerprint sensor and face unlock*** What i disliked:-- Charging Speed, huge 6000mAh battery the 15W fast charging feels too slow.- Earphones were a great deal to get inside the box { missing the time when it was included with samsung phones }*** Additional:-* Camera quality is great both with pictures as well as videos but could be bit more better.* No lags so far even with a very heavy use* Battery remains even after whole day of heavy use",5.0
"I ordered it on 5th June and received the product today, i.e. 17th June.1) When I unboxed the phone, although the phone was in a plastic protective cover, but still it was very dirty, it had a lot of dust, on protective cover as well as the phone.  Some minute hair like thing were coming out of phone joints.2) The phone started on recovery reboot mode by default, we i found very unusual.*I tried clicking pictures the dust, but it wasn't visible in the photo, the photo I have uploaded is of the reboot mode it started by default and you can also see some dust on screen which was there before only.3) the edges and joint of phone are rough as if the phone has been opened and repaired4) The phone is heating a lot on the top side, area near the front camera, with minimum to moderate usage onlyUPDATE:Got the phone replaced.But the new phone also has the same problem. This time I am attaching the images, in which the rough edges can be seen, if you look carefully. However the roughness in reality is more than in image.",1.0
"Worth a buy. This is my honest review here.I spent a week in deciding to purchase a phone under 20K. With the likes of Redmi note pro max and poc x2 and other competitors,  I was not able to choose the better one. But anyways I went ahead with M31. And no regrets.Delivery: 10/10Packaging: 10/10Overall: 9/10Camera: 8/10Sound: 7/10UI: 10/10Exynoss Processor: 9/10Fingerprint scanner: 10/10I'm not a gamer. So this phone is best for day to day use. I cannot comment on other phones though. And also you would decide not to purchase this phone if you see the negative reviews it's got. But I would say it's worth a buy.Review after one month :Same performance, good battery backup. No heating issues.But , I just compared M31 with Poco X3, and without a doubt x3 is way better than m31 except for Amoled Screen.",5.0
"This mobile is one of the best in its price range. Firstly, the battery is rock solid. At 6000 mah, it comes for more than one and a half day's usage for a hard user like me. The display is kickass and the other features like finger print sensor and face recognition works fast too. On the design front, M31 looks like an identical twin of M30s except for the camera module which houses 4 lenses.The quad cam is good for daylight shooting. In the night, it does feel that Samsung could've done better. But again, considering the price range and other features packed in the phone, its forgivable, I would say. The charging is quite slow because of the 6000 mah battery.This is my third day with the phone and wrt to the first impression, I can say that this phone is a winner. If your are planning to buy one, I would recommend you to buy the 128 GB version. Hardly 1000 bucks more than the 64 GB version. But with the amount of photos and videos you are gonna shoot with this superb camera, I am sure you would want to have more memory.",5.0
I didn't expect this type of worst product from SamsungThe new mobile: The space between bottom right edge and top left edge of finger print scanner is heavily bumpSuddenly mobile stops sensing fingerprintSometime can't get open by using fingerprintAnd now only screen touch stopped workingAnd hence I have to press up down volume and power button all at a same time to restart it againIt's not even a month and I am feeling I had wasted  my money on this modelProximity sensor doesn't work properlyI had not yet used any game or any other heavy Apps and this is the condition really I am very disappointed by SamsungI am not going to suggest any one to have this mobileI am sure Samsung had compromised the model by using cheap hardware,1.0
the device is prity amazing and the quality is top notch...the camera works very well and the pics are beautifully clicked..the processor is quite fast and no problem such as slow working is gona observed..due to is amoled display u have out of the world experience of viewing quality..the only thing that can be improved is the face recognization software since it takes few seconds to recognize....at night it is a mess really....but since the fingerprint is magnificent u will not face any issues in that....what i fell best thing in this device is that it really feels in your hand and its prity sleek as welllall n all its worth the money...last but not least.... the screen is to be taken care of and need to handle with care for sure...,4.0
"Do not buy this phone as I had also bought Samsung M30s a year back and here is my experience:The phone has suddenly stopped working within warranty. The phone didnt drop, no short-circuit, no water leak etc. I go to service center and they say motherboard is damaged. Also, it is not under warranty and it will cost 9000 Rs to fix the motherboard while the official website of Samsung says it is 6800 Rs. I said what to do now as i dont want to spend 9000 rs on a 14-15K phone, so they say you can throw the phone in e-waste bin.DO NOT buy samsung as it is a fraud company with flimsy hardware that stops working for no reason. I was not doing any gaming/hardware intensive applications still the phone used to lag. Battery drains within a day without any use after few months and does not fit 6000 MAh as claimed by the company.I think the service employee was right, all its worth is being thrown in the DUSTBIN.",1.0
"•This is a picture of a painting drawn by me and clicked by the new m31. The camera is so good, you can yourself look at the beautiful colours and details captured.•The battery is 6000mah which is huge but personally since I am a very heavy user it doesn't lasts for more than a day.•The phone has the normal Samsung theme structure with options of course. But the basic user feeling is the same (as I have been a Samsung user since last 2 years).•The phone looks beautiful but a little chunky and heavy. That is obviously because of the huge battery. But the weight distribution is done well hence you won't feel the weight.•The camera is terrific with amazing features. You have slo-motion in the front camera as well. Not only the rear camera but the front camera is also very sharp with beautiful colours.•Its been a few days since I am using this phone and by far I have experienced no lags and the phone works fine.",4.0
I used for about 2 months I am sure I can tell you about my experiences on this phone1- battery = on 100% battery I use about 8 hours a day that's very impressive2- screen = super screen quality when watching movies with Dolby atmos3- camera = super camera I can see both macro and ultra wild + DSLR style pics4- fingerprints = sensor is bit slow but it's good5- design = simple blue color design it's look pretty awesome in 4 cameras,5.0
"Amazing phone, smooth, feels more like i phone 11. Its battery takes a lot of tike to charge...but once charged alcan be used foreverOkay so, the phone is better than any other phone launched recentlyI guess its been some weeks since i have been using this but this monster feels just like  a brand new one.My suggestion is never put a screen guard or a tempered glass on the phone coz it lags the phone and touch response becomes really bad BUT..there s a setting for the screen guard users to increase sensitivity and it goes smooth againThe phone s brilliant and i love the performance and its very light in weight. The battery backup is cool and long lasting.I literally watched a 3 hour movie with just 16percent charge in phone..I suggest all the customers to buy a m31",5.0
"This product reminds me what I have invested in gold or property yes sounds weird but it's true as it's performance is becoming great day by day with the timely security updates and bug fixes (bugs totally invisible) Lol ,, yes great device samsung launched in descent price which is welcomed by many indian consumers , and main focus was in battery as it can demolish the big monster as battery having lots of energy , finger print scanner and display all are good , inbuilt apps are super fined with timely updates but, yes a product is made up of good and bad quality and we can't say bad but the 1 star I have deducted is for camera it is great but not that great as I was looking for but it worked fine for me at the end of the day so this is my review of this product after 4 month of use.",4.0
"Really the best phone. All the features are very good. This phone is a budget phone from samsung. This phone hava all the features like 64 mp camera, smooth touch and best battery backup(6000 mah) and no heating issue . One of the most lovable feature is that it is completely made in india. Few months back i had bought a mi phone but now i have decided that i will not buy cheap chinese phones. Please support 'made in india' initiative.",5.0
"Problem after problem within the first 6 months. The touch and display stopped working within 6 months. Got it serviced at an official samsung service centre where they changed the touch sensor, the display and the battery (for free because it's still under warranty) but the touch stopped working again within 2 weeks. Really lucky this happened during the warranty time or else would've had to shell out big bucks. I even found a couple other people in the service centre where they came up with similar problems in the M series phones with the year. I believe low quality parts have been used in it.",1.0
"Phone is good. Value for money, but sound quality is not good. While playing Facebook,Youtube and other MX Player or internal video's it's not getting sound. If I restart then phone then its sounding. I'm facing oftenly but it's not resolved yet. And Wifi hotspot is not working properly while connecting to desktop or Laptop. But its connecting to mobiles. I raised for exchange phone, let's see what will happen. But I never expects this type of problems by SAMSUNG. Really upset....!!",1.0
Great Product for an even greater price. Best technology made available for all. I ordered an  Ocean Blue colored phone which was aptly delivered. To mention a few key specifications of the phone :1. Battery : It comes with a power packed 6000 MAH battery. The battery life lasts for a very long time.2. Camera : Its come with a beautiful  64MP Quad Camera8MP Mega Wide 5MP Depth & Macro Rear Camera32 MP Selfie Camera.So start click away.3. The phone unlocks both via Face recognition and fingerprint. Fabulous error free security.Overall I definitely  reccomend this pocket friendly fabulous mobile.,5.0
"It's been a week or so I got the phone from Amazon, haven't tried everything..but here's what I did..Battery life is good.. I work in 8-10 hours shift and pretty much dependent on my mobile but never had to use my power bank even for once.. BUT, when I play big size and graphics game(Pes etc) it drains pretty fast.. So that's a bad or worse I haven't figured it out yet..Processor is pretty good I haven't had much lagging problem since games are smooth.. I worried a lot before stepping over Exynos but I guess this one is par with SD 710 maybe a little less but haven't had a big problem..Camera is OK..Could have been much better..I didn't find particular app lock on this phone yet.. I saw on the review it's on the A31 but not on this one so that's a bad thing on an upgrade..Despite 15w charger it's somewhat fast on charging..I'll update my review after a month so till now that's all I got..",4.0
"Not happy with this particular samsang model, within one month issues are begin.. at every first call couldn't hear voice, every time need to place another call. There is technical issue with mobile speaker..  please suggest how to deal with this.??",1.0
Review after 7 days usage....Performance: 2/5RAM Management: 4.5/5Display: 5/5Camera: 5/5 (Front & Rear)Battery: 5/5 (Easily about 2 Days)Charging Speed: 2.5/5Fingerprint: 3.5/5Sound: 3.5/5 (Speaker & Earphone)Cellular Connectivity: 2.5/5Wifi: 3/5Weight Distribution: 5/5N.B.- 1. No Case or Screen Protection available in the Box.  2. Too much junk apps from Samsung  3. You can disable add when your device 1st time boots up.  4. In display Fingerprint Scanner it could be better.  5. Support RAW Image from DSLR.  6. In Direct Sunlight you can easily operate.  7. At this price you can get Samsung Brand with Security.  8. If you want good battery and camera centric smartphone go for it but not for gaming (PUBG) as well as performance.,4.0
"Purchased samsung M31 on 31st Aug from Amazon :Got delivery after three days inspite of prime member and residing at thane / Mumbai .Pros : The battery life is very good and it lasts a day with net and bluetooth. Fingerprint reader is rear fingerprint reader and it os giving good response  .Camera quality is good and pictures are sharp .Mobile is havibg average weight conpare to other set in same segment The display is amoled display and its super , have seen some movies and swries and it give good feel.faceunlock is also ok.Cons : Samsung has given only 15W charger with this phone which is taking more than 2hours to charge.Some time google web scrren is blurring..Camera quality can be improve..Overall i will give 7/10 to Samsung M31.",4.0
"Very bad quality product with even worse warranty service. My phone stopped working within 5 months , went to service center ( mobile seva Bangalore) for claim . The service center guy says that internal screen is broken. We said that there is no scratch or we did nothing .. later he opened up the phone and mentioned there is moisture near the charging point . This moisture as creeped in.These issues are not covered under 1 year warranty  and that we pay 6k for it.My advice is that Samsung products are outdated and lack proper service. Stay away",1.0
"● I loved the camera of my Samsung Galaxy M31, I got this device on August 8th 2020, and using since then...1. Main camera - Best in class.2. Wide camera - no competition at this price.3. Depth sensor - works great 99% of time.4. Macro camera - details are good but theres not much usability because of lack of autofocus.5. Front camera - Again great, clicks amazing pictures,  live focus works in almost every condition where there is decent lighting.● Battery life is better than any phone at this price point.● Finger print reader is really fast, even works with slightly wet fingers.● processor (soc) - Exynos 9611 is very good CPU for daily usage, but if you are buying this for gaming then please refrain from buying this phone, not that good gaming performance compared to other phones at this price point.● 6 GB RAM is more than enough for any work you do in this phone... app reset in backgrounds in very rare because of huge RAM size...● AND MAIN FOCUS - THE AMOLED DISPLAY - the display is simply gorgeous... pixel density is great, watching HD or 4K movies is very pleasing in this display...I would rate 4.8/5 stars, I would recommend this phone to everyone who isn't a 'Hardcore Gamer'.... This phone just satisfy all my needs...",5.0
"I bought this phone because of the brand name ""samsung"". The first touch phone which I was used is Samsung(sliding type with touch). When I saw the add of this m31 I fixed this in mind.  This phone is one of the most fantastic phone which I have ever seen. There is no words to say about The Batery life. It is Amazing. I can watch continuously 6 movies from 100%. Still the charge is 50% only . Even in my nonstop use I am getting 2.5 days battery life. Camera quality is also an amazing thing. Video quality  is like a Digital camera video. Photos are getting more and more clear during zooming.  Camera clarity is supeeeeerrr..Fingerprint reader is excellent . It is too fast in unlocking using finger.Ram is also fabulous.  No hang or delay. Sound quality is also super.  From my point of view I have no negatives to say. This is an excellent phone . A huge facility in an affordable budget. I suggested this phone to 2 of my friends and the purchased too... so dear friends  pls choose this phone, u will not get this much features in any other phone. Others may have more features but they have no battery life and maximum 6 hrs back up. They have no brand value also. A small battery with more load can't use for more time. But our samsung is king. Pls try once u loved it u will not change ur mind.  Still I am fall in love with samsung. Especially the battery life... thank you samsung team for giving this gift to us. ........",5.0
"Honest review after 1 month of use. Solid muscular build. Processor is excellent. No hang problem. Night mode camera is excellent. Battery Life is best among all smartphone. No network issue.I also purchased spigen cover for this phone for extra safety from my child. Touch is good. Fingerprint sensor give little bit problem once in a week, it may be due to cleaning of sensor.I am higly satisfied with this phone.",4.0
"I really want to help everyone who is thinking to buy this phone. This phone is my 7th phone and worst choice of mine. It is having worst fingure senson and face sencor, it is very slow, touch is bad and it heats up very quickly. Ye phone samsung pe dhaba hai. This is my 4th month while using it and I m fed up.",1.0
My review after using the mobile for a month1. Battery is long standing.2. Camera is awesome (both front & back)3. Super Amoled display is very cool and it gives a fantastic experience.4. User interface is very simple and easy. Lot of customisation options available.5. Call recording option is available and it works perfectly.6. The mobile speakers are good and they provide a good music experience along with Dolby Atmos.7. No lag or slowness of mobile was experienced.8. Fingerprint sensor is provided at the back and it senses really quick.Best Budget smartphone in this price range. Don't think twice before buying this awesome mobile. Simply go for it and I'm sure you will have a great experience with this awesome mobile.,5.0
"Absolute beauty, its lightweight, the screen is quite good, battery life excellent, fingerprint reader takes time when registering but is very good.So far didn't face any lags, no heating issues, sound quality is good.In short, for me it's a beauty n beast.Peace of mind finally.",5.0
"The Samsung Galaxy has released a literal Monster in the form of their model M31, absolutely at the top of the game in terms of Battery Life, Performance, Display, and of course, the Photography.The Quad camera is unparalleled and with offers like the 8Mp Ultra Wide angle that is more than useful to capture stunning shots in life, and the 5MP macro and depth feature to provide for realistic high quality pictures, it is definitely one of the best in the business.The Dual Octa Core processor with a memory expandable upto 512GB and the 6000mAh battery with fast C-type charging provides excellent tools and time to students, business persons, and all fields alike.Lastly, the Screen Resolutions, RAM Performance and excellent Security provide for an absolute whopping Monster just like  namesake and as verified by many agencies, it can be said with absolutely no doubt that this model is more than a Megastar in the budget category.",5.0
Best all-rounder Mobile with in the price range. Used for 10days. So far no issues found. Amazing display quality than expected. Monster Battery is good losting about 1.5 day. Camera quality is good not the best. Only major drawback is it is taking more time to charge almost 2.5hours to 3 hours. Company claimed quick charge actually it's not quick. Instead of 2A if they provide 4A charger it will be good. Anyway good product and great value for money.,5.0
"I have received the product in fabulous condition and before scheduled time; kudos to Amazon. The review of the product is categorised as pros and cons mentioned below:Pros: Excellent battery life, Display with fabulous colour accuracy, Decent camera, Size of the device is neither too big nor too small, Loud speakers, Smooth touch.Cons: Fingerprint sensor is not smudge resistant and maybe because of that the sensor doesn’t respond properly, Face recognition is not very responsive, Speakers are although loud but has sound grains, UI is not even close to stock android, Despite having 4 cameras the picture quality isn’t good enough but Samsung could improve it through software upgrade.Overall, it’s a nice phone in this price range which one could have.",4.0
"4G network keeps dropping every 2 mins or so on both sims. Signal shows 4G but doesn't work. Then it goes to E. On switching off and on the mobile data, 4G comes back. This becomes very irritating if you're trying to watch videos on YouTube etc. Can't browse internet seamlessly. If you're a type of user who relies on mobile data, please stay away. This phone is not for you. Unfortunately for me, I realised this problem after the return window closed on amazon. I'm stuck with this thing now. There are many complaints registered on Samsung Members. Samsung is doing nothing about it except some silly settings advices.  I'm no techie but I firmly believe it's a hardware issue.I've always been a Motorola user and it works brilliantly with the same sim (Airtel). This is my first Samsung device and I must say I'm disappointed. I'm never buying a Samsung device again. I only brought this to support the boycott Chinese products sentiments",1.0
I have been using Samsung M31 for more than 6 months. Below are features which is  not up to the mark as company  says.1. Battery is not  run for long  hours max 8 to 9 hours.2. It gets heated while Charging.3. Same heating problem while talking. Some times I feel it may burst.4. Touch I give 0 out of 5. Sometimes it doesn't work. I am talking about when it is 1 week old. I don't feel Touch is flexible.5. Performance is ok but not upto the mark. Though I didn't installed any  games.6,2.0
"Great phone in this price segment.I feel fingerprint reader is a  it slow if compared to A series phone, but still way better than the other brands. 6000mah battery phone is definitely a monster. Camera quality is really great but there is definitely some room for improvement.A good 15000inr smartphone  which is capable of playing  games like ping, COD etc.Overall experience  is great, recommending this phone.",5.0
"Although the phone has 6000 mAh battery. It is only slightly better than other 5000 mAh phones as the equinox processor in M31 sucks. It is almost 2 generations behind the latest snapdragon processor. As equinox is also owned by samsung, it is a scam to promote their products. This is the major setback of the phone. Rest everything is fine as expected from a typical samsung phone. I gave 5 stars so that this would come in the top of review section.",5.0
"Pros-1.) Awesome battery life; I charged alternative days2.) Processor is good, gaming handles well, runs through everyday tasks3.) Charging is pretty fast (thanks to the 15 W charger) takes around 1.5 hours to completely charge from 15%4.) Camera quality is great, stable mode is the best I had great videos with it.5.) Loudspeaker is actually very loud, much louder than other counterparts in the same range.6.) And how to forget about the display, which is just awesome; AMOLED panel with great colours and very high brightness.Cons-1.) Fingerprint scanner could have been faster, though it does the job well.2.) Camera is locked; can't install Gcam mod without root.Rest I feel the phone is pretty good, can't go wrong with this one, a great choice in this price rangeAnd obviously samsung offers great service, so that's a bonus.All in all, I'm happy with the purchase.",5.0
"I bought ""Samsung Galaxy M31 4GB 64GB"" in April 2020. It is a Good pick in the price range.Having spent 5 months with this phone, I would say that the 2 major drawbacks of this phone are its battery/charging and multitasking.The charging is slow and it takes atleast 6hrs for a 5% to 100% charge. That is a lot of time but if you can put it for an overnight charge, it would run you through the day with your heaviest of the usage.Coming to multitasking, i have seen this device give latency issues while multiple app usage, it hanged twice in 5 months.At times, Fingerprint scanner also disappoints, need to press it for longer times than usual.Camera happens to be the best part of this device, check out the images attached.I would recommend this device for people looking for devices around 15k, with normal usage and who appreciate having a ""Made in India"" device.",3.0
"Amazing phone with great cameras and better battery which gives you the best performance. I just love the camera .Best budget phone till date go for it guys without second thought. Let me explain you guys about Camera, Display, battery, and performance.Camera: At this price range there is no comparison of camera, you’ll love the picture quality as well as video quality. I’m am more than happy with the camera picture quality, Amazing face id unlocked in dark roomBattery: I use this phone roughly as I am active social media person and I have a youtube channel. so the battery backup of this phone is far far better than any phone under 20k and I charge this phone once in two days despite of using this roughly.Display: The AMOLED display can easily win your heart. There is no comparision to samsung's dispaly quality, it is the best. Also AMOLED displays are battery efficient.Performance: The performance of this phone is ultra fast for daily use works, no issue till date.Build Quality: The strong build quality and peace of mind for the whole day and more because of the monsterous battery is my favorite.Fingerprints sensor: Smooth and fast, No issue.When you’ll hold this phone you’ll feel that you are holding a premium device.Don’t think to much just go for it and I suggest you to go for 128gb varient.I’ve attached my pic and no filter used just in day light capture, see the quality for comparison.",5.0
"The delivery of the product was very fast, I recieved the product within 48hrs.Fingerprint reader: Very good 5/5Camera: camera is AMAZING!!! 5/5Battery: 6000mah battery is AMAZING 5/5Charging: 15W fast charging is also AMAZINGDisplay: the display is amazing with sAMOLED FHD+ Infinity U Display, this is the best part that I like in this mobile. 80% of the manufacturing cost goes on the display of the mobile. SAMSUNG display is world famous.SAMSUNG GALAXY M31 is an all-rounder",5.0
"I write the review after 6 months of usageFirstly I'm feared about online electronic products so am directly go to an samsung stores but they tells samsung M series only we have to buy on online.after on hour i order the m31 6GB RAM phone with amazonI got delivered in 2 days the phone come to my home without any damaged AMAZON broke the fear.About my samsung m31 in my vision after 6 months of usage1.I played pubg hour and hour till now no any hanging problems and verygood GRAPHICS EXPERIENCE compared with other phones i think2.15W battery charging for full charge it takes 3 hours (0 to 100%)3.one Sunday i played pubg 7 hours but it takes only 69% i amazed with BATTERY capacity (6000MAH)4.i tripped with my friend one months back we take pics with this 64mb CAMERA it looks like professional camera pictures i love the camera quality5.flash light gives white light with adjustable its works like an torch light😁6.FINGERPRINT is highly security finishing once i was touch the fingerprint sensor in wed finger it doesn't takes my fingerprint it's gives high security.fingerprint used for unlocking phone and apps with samsung secure FINGERPRINT simply awesome7.i used this phone 6 months now but it seems like a new because the processor gives the wonder not any other processors work like this8.am very lucky because i buy the phone 14,999 but now the phone but now the prize increased 16,599 the prize says about this Samsung product9. don't confused with reviews just buy and use lowest cost with more features.SAMSUNG best thing it's one and only M312 months back my close friend also buy the product after he use my phone.",5.0
"I got 6gb ram 128gb storage version for 17,500/- Phone is handy and not heavy.. Good Decent Phone for daily usage, including social media, photo editing & content creation.. Good Display.. High end media & Gaming depends on your network signal, works fine.. Camera function is tricky at first.. After using for few times and with different settings, I can say that Camera is nice.. Battery backup is really great.. with 50% battery phone can handle daily life tasks (with moderate social media usage) for more than 10 hours.. Thats better than other phone brands in same price range.. I got my phone delivered on time within 3days.. I was cautious when I saw the less packaging by Amazon.. Packaging is not sufficient for costly mobiles.. Well, I got my phone in superb condition.. Samsung Box was sealed packed & Phone is brand new, manufactured in September 2020.. I would rate 4/5 Nice product Samsung! & Keep it up Amazon!",4.0
"WORST model ever, i have lot of faith in samsung before buying this product.. Now i came to understood even samsung is same as other waste products and i lost my trust in this i have bought this exactly  5 months agosince beginning1.it is getting heated while charging2. keeps hanging while i open some basic applications3. initially it got automatically restarted sometimes4. On nov 11 i updated some software update and i am stuck with the screen with download symbol for entire day on that day i am travelling to Bangalore and i am shifting to new place i don't have any source of contact and this phone is not working imagine being a girl at such a situation how disgusting and helpless situation it is at night time...5. on nov 12 i went to Samsung service center they formatted everything and gave my mobile back by updating software6. on the very next day it started restarting on its own more often i can't even make a call also it will suddenly get switched OFF while making a callin 5 months of experience with this samsung m31 i suggested you not to go with this modeland hope my feedback helps u getting saved from this faulty model ever.",1.0
"Properly  seal packed...battery life is super awesome...especially  after going down to 15%it takes a lot of time to come down to zero...so it's giod..I can still watch my favorite web series on Amazon prime  after 15% ...Superb cam quality,battery life is good..night selfies n pictures r bright  as compared to others....n it's not CHINESE",5.0
"The best part about this phone is the UI itself. One UI runs effortlessly on this device and i personally, like it better than every other UI 's out there both in terms of performance and ease of use. The Samsung superAmoled display is undoubtedly the best displays ever. The photo quality is really great in the daylight but it really sucks at low light, Like terribly! The 9611 processor also is a notable thing as it even allows us to play PUBG / BGMI with smooth + extreme settings(  fps as near to 60). I won't suggest gaming in this phone but yeah it does some good job in that aspect. The battery life is pretty decent, but since it only has 15 W charger along with a massive 6000 it takes a bit long to charge. Been using it for a year and i've had no notable issues so far.",4.0
"Generally I wont write reviews on products that I purchase, But for this I really wanted to mention my words, So, I have been using this for almost a month now and I would say this is really a great Smartphone.1) Camera quality and Clarity -- I would give 10/10  I have done a PhotoShoot of my Kid on his birthday with the phone and turned out really great pictures & it has many options for taking picture2) Battery life -- Generally I wont play Games or do any multimedia stuff, but I can say this has very good battery, I am getting 1 - 2 days for single Full charge (I may consider usage for at least 8hr a day)3) Screen Clarity -- ""sAmoled screen"" really immersive Display ( you would feel the real view at night)4)  Fingerprint reader -- Unlocks with in no time, my old phone takes time to unlock but this reads very fastOnly negative that I could say is front camera (Not very impressive but OK)",5.0
"Overall its a good value for money device with a monstrous 6000 mAh battery 64 MP quad camera along with a 32 MP selfie camera. The Exynos 9611 SoC can handle most of the intense graphic games effortlessly. The OS does not load any ads unless the user chooses to. The privacy management is User centric where we can manage app data participate in marketing and advertisement etc.. .Users even can opt to receive ads the revenue from it is linked to users samsung account which can be donated to UN missions based on the users choice. This device (and most of M series devices) does not come with Knox security but still Samsung has provided many cryptographic modules and security applications to the device which makes it far more secure than other devices of same price segment.That said, the device though having a powerful AI backed Camera, Does not come with a fully featured Pro mode users cant even control shutter speed. Samsung likely provide it in future updates.Also the OS is ONE UI 2.0 Core thus some premium Samsung features are not available. The night mode is awesome and the video mode has electronic image stabilization. Some features like internet speed indicator and screen recording are absent, but can be managed with 3rd party apps.The game launcher is amazing providing good optimization for games. The battery is good and one can easily manage to get a 9 hr screen on time even with mild gaming. The device comes with built in Dolby Atmos audio which gets activated when the headphone is plugged in, and along with SuperAmoled display it is perfect for binge watching. Also it is Wide-vine l1 certified for streaming.",5.0
"Using this mobile for the last 5 months. It means I bought it just after launch 😁. My opinions about this mobile:* Found as expected or claimed by Samsung*Fast and accurate fingerprint reader, working even if there is some dust on fingers.*Normally I don't use camera for hobby, only for scanning office documents and it clicks very clear details.*After office hours I stream videos from different apps and battery helps me to watch.* Inbuilt Samsung VPN is also helpful.*Samsung UI is simple and not messy like other brands.* I missed to buy Samsung care due to no full information.* In last 3 months I found that the device automatically restarts anytime without doing anything, but now everything is OK. Don't know why...",5.0
"Phone is great in budget, Display is truly amazing .if you are into movies and series on your phone its give good experience .Voice on speaker is low ,otherwise clarity is good.Down side is exynos dont get feeling as that we get in snapdragon.Not a gamer ,but I have tried hand on some and performance is averageBattery size claim  and performance is slight mismatch and with time and at time it feel like 4500 mph.Any ways overall good phoneBuild is good, feel is goodGet good backcover immediately or you can have fingerprints all on back of phone.",4.0
"Review after 1monthIt's a power packed Monster !!!...Battery ❤S.Amo.Display😍Camera 😘Before the purchase was only concerned about the performance because its comes with the processor exynos 9611 coz I'm a hard user. gaming,editing... (pubg,freefire...) But till now  its working smoothly (~80 apps installed) and no lags anywhere and no heating issues .There is no such noticable issues after 1 month+ use.Truly a Monster ❤I love photography.Both cameras are really goodWith a fast aperture of f/1.8, the main lens can take excellent shots in any condition and works great in low light condition also.Taking photos with m31 is simply awesome micro, wide angle,pro mode ,it's a great pick for those who love photography.Only con. about cam is can't control shutter speed1) Display - Monster ❤2) Android 10 - Performance is very good.3) Excellent Display with Blue light and Dark  mode display.4) No heating issues, No lagging.5) Battery life is very good6) Both sims slots support LTE7) Camera quality is really awesome8) Face unlock and Finger Print sensor  response is very good",5.0
"I am writing this review after using it 45 days. (Varient 6 gb 128 gb)The phone is good. Camera average but you can't use it's all features in 64 megapixel mode even quality is not same for all photos in same mode. While using cameras it gets heated too much. Here, some pics are uploaded which were taken in macro mode, night mode and in daylight. Batery backup  good but charging is slow. It takes 160 to 170 min to get fully charged. Phone lags heavily while playing pubG. It's display is awesome, viewing angles are very good. Fingerprint sensor a li'll  bit slow. It hangs frequently.",2.0
Excellent alternative to many other brands. Performance  is very nice.MS office with Galaxy  series phones are very good combination and boon for youths and students. If we go for other smart phone brands you should either have office 365 subscription or need some other office suite to enjoy full functionality of office tools.Samsung's Email app UI very  nice. Using this to access my office mails in mobile.Massive battery. No performance lag. Feel happy for taking right decision  of coming back to Samsung  phones.  Happy & satisfied customer.,5.0
"The honest review is best phone in this world. If you want to buy a Samsung phone, go only for m31. The best estimate fingerprint reader, excellent camera quality with four cameras at the back and one at front . Battery backup is good and performance is superb . Overall it's  a must buy phone at this range .. I ordered blue color in this and black also.  Both colors are different in themselves.. Loved the phone📱The Amazon delivery is so fast . It came within 24 hrs..A must suggested phone at this price 👌Thank you Amazon and Samsung for giving such a phone 😇",5.0
"Best Value for Money in this Range. Go for it without any doubt.This is best thing you can get at this price from a reputed brand with Made in India tag. First time I ordered on the first day of online launch and am happy. I'm writing after few days of usage, but this should not be different as my experience with Samsung has been most consistent as compared to other mobile brands I've used earlier.Good:- Android 10! Beautiful looks! Finally I can delete SMS from notification now!!- Display is excellent with Blue light filter.- Performance is good. No heating or lagging. Real Racing worked fine.- 6000 Mah battery is BIG- 128 GB storage is pretty good. 512 GB card supported with dedicated external card slot.- Both dedicated sim slots support LTE- Fast charging and 15W charger top with phone. The phone came with 0% charge. Charged fast.- Mobile speakers sound is good, but I prefer external speakers for better bass in music.- Camera is really good. Macro performance is very good - look at skin in tatoo photo and dust perticles in deskphone photo!! (photos of M31 are from other phone). Both front and rear camera support FHD video 3840x2160. I may not require to carry my DSLR everyehere.- Face unlock / figure-print sensor response is good- Received next day by 11 AM !Not So Good:- Not that thin, but ok.- Doesn't have Samsung Dex- Started to Boot Screen!! Gave me a little shock but selected reboot option and then every thing was smooth. An Android Updated (other than many application updates which is normal in any case) appeared on within days of launch. But update was smooth. No issue at all.- Feels delicate in hand but a Rs.49 cover was good enough. Wrongly ordered black while the set is blue. Just 49 so will reorder the blue one as well :)- Called Samsung Store, but no information with them about availability date. Still no call from them.Feedback- Feels good in hand and in use. It is a powerhouse and you feel it.- Will update after few days of use, but don't have any doubt as of now.Go for it without any doubt.",3.0
"I just recently bought this Samsung Galaxy M31... The delivery was swift, packaging was clean(without any damages), and just about every aspect of this phone is good, except that it has severe heating issues when playing Heavy Games.. I just downloaded Genshin Impact and played for about 5 mins, and already, the upper part of the phone was super hot.. This is such a bummer... lower part is normal but, the upper part just heats up!! If games like Genshin Impact or Fortnite or other games like that, then sorry, this one's not for you pal.. But, I loved Samsung Game Launcher though.. It's Samsung x Discord partnership is awesome! Other than heating, I found that the charging speed is extremely slow!! Its Soo soo slow!! Idk how samsung just gave us a 15W charger for a 6000 mAh battery... yeah.. that's another thing.. It says ""fast"" charging but ... it's EXTREMELY slow!!",4.0
"I have been OnePlus user and then an iPhone user. I was slightly hesitant to ditch these 2 brands as I found them to be highly reliable and user-friendly.After lot of research, I then finally bought Samsung M31 and it's been 2 months now. I feel I made the right decision to switch to Samsung.The overlaid OS is awesomely smooth and the graphic animations are pretty evolved to the extent of iOS. The camera is also top notch and build quality is pretty tough.The battery easily lasts me for 2 days with moderate usage.Overall an excellent phone for a power user and camera lover.",5.0
"There are some definite plus points about this phone:1. The BATTERY: Yeah, it's that big! The 6000mAh beast goes on for more than a whole day despite the continuous usage of internet (including Facebook, YouTube, Netflix etc.) Also, if you restrain from using the phone heavily while it's charging, the battery percentage goes from 20 to 100 within two hours.2. Camera: The 64 MP camera catches the details really well, although excess zooming may make the pictures appear pixelated.The wide angle lens gives a 123° view and sticks to the claims made. The main 64 MP camera has an autofocus, but allows manual focussing too.Macro 5 MP cam is a little disappointing as it captures unsatisfactory images in low light, but otherwise gives some great close-up shots.3. Processor: One needs to remember to do the software update once the phone is active. If not done so, you will certainly face lags even within the same app, not just while switching between different apps. Once that update is done, the phone runs ever so smoothly.P.S. I'm not a video game player, so wouldn't know anything about the speed of those operations.4. Space: There's no particular need, but 128gb basic ROM is more than sufficient to incorporate all your favourite music, small video clips as well as movie files in . mp4 or .avi formats.5. Fingerprint reader: You HAVE to cover the complete scanner area. Thankfully, the phone gives suggestions like ""cover the whole scanner"" and ""wipe off the water droplets"".The phone doesn't heat up much during charging, just gets a little warm and that seems normal.Overall, if you're looking for a budget phone with good specifications that's made in India, you wouldn't regret buying this model.",4.0
"Worst phone ever bought, don't  buy, charging slow, heating issues,  phone  gets heated in one small call, I will  return it,...",1.0
"At the first look, Samsung M31 looked very beautiful  to me. I bought the ocean blue, 6 GB Ram and 128 GB internal storage variant. The camera module at the back looks very professional. I have been using this phone over a month now and I am impressed with the performance. It serves all my needs very well. I had done bit of gaming as well and I could say I'm satisfied with the performance. The best thing is it's UI, I felt super comfortable with it and it was like it learns my usage pattern. The phone feels smooth while working even on heavy usage. The best part of it, for which M31 has all the hype, the battery back up is really very good. With moderate usage, it battery last for nearly 2 days. The phone clearly meets my expectations and with future updates, I wish to experience new features as well.",5.0
2 months of usageBattery: Best in this range. I use my phone 24/7. Attend Video Conference calls on a regular basis and at least 60-90 mins of talktime on calls. And the battery last for over 36 hours.Display: I'm in love. The vibrant colours have made my experience really amazing.No lags  and no Bugs experienced so far.And a plus plus is the power saving mode. 11% battery gives 10hrs plus. (Screenshot attached) with limited functionality.  Just what is needed.This has been the best phone experience for me till now.,5.0
"Everything is good, if you were using android one and same to use this OS, it feels so old.Battery is amazing.Screen resolution is awesome.Not experienced hanging yet.Screen is very delicate, could survive a gentle fall from 3 feet height.SuggestionPurchase a screen guard and a back cover while buying the mobile, it will save you 16.5K",4.0
Writing this review after using this mobile for almost three months.in short pros and cons are following+good built quality+good battery life+good network recieving+excellent camera quality specially rearCons:-- design could be more beautiful-battery lasts for a day and half for heavy use-finger print scanner getting slower by the time,5.0
"Personally I loved Galaxy series, the Make in India products...Features :* With normal usage, the phone lasted over 2 days and you don’t need to carry a power bank with you anymore.* Super AMOLED display is great and highly customizable with detailed colors.* Fingerprint & biometric are pretty quick* Battery life is exceptional for this device 6000maH , lasts 2days with ease (minimal gaming)* * Cameras are whole new chapter, high resolution cameras capture shots with huge detail...Whats more interesting are the AReality support for this device...(in core)* Even Flashlight has modes of brightness which is pretty useful...Overall this is a great device at this price range supported by Samsung's best apps and customization...Its a beast in performance, battery and camera...",5.0
"Last month I purchased this phone and within one month I am facing below issues -1.  6000 mh  battery backup but it will drain entirely within 12 hours for normal use (facebook, whatsapp, call and some other minor app) and without playing any video2. Camera 64 MP is totally waste of money if you zoom little you will see pic quality is very poor3. Not able to manage network like wifi or mobile network so many time getting disconnected automatically  though at the same time my other device is smoothly working with wifi. While calling my friends they not able to hear properly4. Also I have noticed in this handset net speed is very slow.. This is not worth to money at all...",2.0
Pros:- UI is good- Display is Good- Battery life is average- No lag in playing games like PUBG at high  resolution- Sound is loud and clear- Response of finger print scanner is good- Inbuilt malware and virus scan + device optimisation + device troubleshooting.Cons- Quality of back cover is average- Battery at 100% will suffice for a day's  use. However it is not serving justice to  boasted monster battery capacity.- Camera quality is very good when the  lighting is good otherwise average- Takes at least 1.5 hrs to 2 hrs to charge 100% using fast charge and minimum 4 hrs using normal charging option.,5.0
"My Samsung Galaxy M31 arrived in ocean blue color.The battery lasts a whole day if you hit it hard with games. It can be said that I was there all day, from when I woke up to when I fell asleep playing on the mobile and using it and it lasted with a 10% battery surplus. No doubt, great battery life!The truth that I am quite happy with the purchase, current games are going quite well, there is no slowness or anything.The camera even in low light conditions goes quite well for night mode, the rear 64MP camera takes pictures with quite a bit of quality, and the 32MP front one also has good quality, very good pictures are taken with this smartphone. Decent camera quality!Processor with enough power, bestial battery, camera with a lot of quality, a very acceptable amount of RAM, I have no complaints with anything about this mobile and 128GB of internal storage, I did not even consider using the microSD slot since 128GB is more than enough for me.",5.0
"Well I used this product in all spheres, there was no issues as per Battery, Camera Quality, sAmoled Screen and Less SAR ValueEoD good Service Center available which many Chinese brands lacks.Everyone has unique usage as per games prospects sorry this product is not for you dear go for else one, if one can compromise with it then you fall in better endurance level.I likely to have have plain android experience rather any OEM customized Android but somewhere one needs to sacrifice. One cant expect each and every thing in such small chunk.",5.0
"I ordered this phone within few hours of launch, and was promptly delivered the very next day. Thanks to Amazon for on time deliveryI bought the ocean blue, 128 GB variant which is kind of dark blue and I really love the colour. I am no techie to review the phone on its technical aspects but as a common layman I truly love its performance since the 3 days I have been using it.The set up  took really less time than I expected and it comes with Smart Switch App, which made the data transfer easy and smooth.The pictures clicked from the phone are extremely good and nice, however I saw a flicker of light when I tried to take a slowmotion video. I am not sure if the flickering was because of the light or the issue was with the camera. but there was not such flickering while capturing a slowmotion video in daylight.The battery back up seems to be amazing, Since 3 days I have charged it only once. (Other than the charging done on the first day for 3 hours). But the charging is not as fast, and I feel the 15V charger is not good enough for the 6000 MaH BatteryOverall I loved the phone it is smooth, fast and Vibrant.... and Im loving it",5.0
Fingerprint reader facility is not bad. But it runs operation whatever it want. You can't control the mobile. It will show you whatever it want. Need much more initial settings before use and always stuck in between. Bad product of Samsung. And very bad Amazon system for replacement or refund of mobile.Very bad experience,1.0
"Let's share my experienceAfter giving a lot of thought to my finding I chose this one. And now I can say I am very happy with my decision.I can find a whole lot of positive things in terms of display, battery backup, speed, and memory. I am not a heavy user so these things might get different from others, but for me, I am satisfied with its performance as per my needs.The only thing which I do not like is the fiber back body as now the day's glass body is standard in such a price range.Oh yes, one more thing. I have paid 1000/- more for the same product. If I would have to know anything about the price drop, I would have a wait.So I would suggest to go and grab it if anybody wants before it gets a bounce back to the old price",5.0
"I am using samsung from from last 10 years. I have a great believe in samsung, and it is upto to the mark till now when i am using M31. First of all It's totally a delight for eyes when it comes to the screen quality... fingerprint reader is also fine and works amazingly even when I use it very frequently. I am overjoyed with the battery life. camera quality is beyond words it has so many functions to juggle, by which you can show your creativity. Also it inhance the quality of picture... very happy with M31. some features still needed, like screen lock by fingerprint... sometimes clicking pictures by showing plam not works properly while using it frequently; inspite of this, it's worth to buy it and a marvellous feeling to use it. Really it's a mega monster; when it comes to process, battery and camera.",4.0
Worst product by samsung. It restarts automatically when I went to service center they told me there is problem in it's motherboard. And it's unavailable at this time so i have to submitted my new phone for 20-30 days. If still the motherboard unavailable they give me coupon for it's amount. Now I am helpless. First time ever I got a worst product by samsung. After this I will not purchase any samsung brand.,1.0
Best mobile in mid range.1.Battery life is very good compare with others. But it took 3 hrs completely charge 0 to 100% because of 6000mah.2. Camera's gives tough competition to other popular brands3.Display is very smooth to use ...Overall 90 out of 100......If I will use more than a year without any problem.. I will give 100 out of 100,5.0
Very good and lovely product with attractive price I bought the M31 model for my wife.Great color and visual is very soothing for eyes.No.1 camera effect and clarity is awesome.I can recommend to all of the friends to buy same model.Thanks Amazon for giving excellent offer.,5.0
"THE BEST in its range.The camera quality is superb as you can see in these pictures.If you are the one who takes many pics then go for 128gb variantIt surely has a MONSTER battery with it.its been 1 and half days since my first charge it still have 50%left .Now the gaming performance its decent and I don't feel any kinda lagging while playing pubg at high graphics  it's just smooth.I didnt find any heating issue though I can notice some small amount of heat generated while charging. The charging speed is more like 1% per minute (on avg)its soooooooo good  Trust me you wont regret after buying it.The super amoled screen enriches the display,the pictures what you see in your screen looks much better in this phoneNow the drawbacks it's somewhat bulky and the packaging is bad they didnt even bubble wrap it and that's all the drawbacksPics in order: front,back,normal cam×2,wide angle,2x macroIts much much better than A50",5.0
"The phone itself is an average mid range phone (good battery, fast charging, semi-premium look that is common in this range, average processor and a VERY AVERAGE / POOR camera) that people will prefer (over Chinese manufacturers like Oppo, Xiaomi etc.) because of the brand, namely, Samsung. And I will tell you this, once you buy the product, you are on your own. I was using the phone for a few months when without any physical damage (it has not fallen once, there are no scratches, I handled the phone with care), a purple spot appeared on the screen. Eventually, that spot spread and covered the entire screen so that nothing is visible, leaving the phone unusable. I contacted Samsung and without looking at the phone, they said this is physical damage and it is not covered in the 6 months warranty period. I got the phone at around 16k and they are asking for about 5k to repair it. So this has been my Samsung experience. I will try to take this matter to the Consumer Forum.",1.0
Don't ever buy samsung product in your life time...I brought this mobile phone on June 1st 2020 unfortunately mobile microphone is not working..I went to authorized service centre ..they told that due to fungus ur mobile sub panel board got damaged..and display also not working..I asked why how it was happpened...they said may be some moisture ..they asked me to paid Rs.6000/- I told mobile is under warranty. I had contact customer care executive..they asked me job sheet number... service centre person told won't give anything then I went and asked he has given some jobsheet number he mentioned that water login in subpanel..but there is no single water drops in that mobile...I don't know they cheated to me...pls don't ever buy samsung product TV or anything..they are business minded or money minded...,1.0
This phone for its price is best in class. While Chinese phones may pack more features but Samsung is clearly a class apart.It has the best fingerprint reader which is blazing fast.The camera is excellent at the price point and the AR feature is a new addition that is quite fun.The battery life is awesome. With a 6000 mAh battery it will always last a full day and then some more.It charges quickly even though it has a large battery thanks to the included fast charger.The screen is the best at the given price point with crisp and vivid images.The phone is snappy with zero lag. It runs smoothly.The fact that it can support dual Sims and an SD Card without any glitches and the fact that you don't have to decide between having two sim cards or one sim and an SD card is excellent.The gesture controls are handy and call quality is excellent.All in all this is completely worth the money. At this price point you simply can't get a better phone,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   A good product. I will start with the battery first. 6000mah battery is absolutely good. Lasts for more than a day. Though it takes more than 2:30 hours for a full charge as the charger is just 15w. They could have provided a fast charger.Ram management of the phone is good too. All apps works fine. I'm not a heavy gamer, and this is not a ideal gamer phone too.Camera is nice. Though the wide angle shots are not upto the mark. Front cam is good in day light. Low light or the night shots aren't that good. The cameras could have been better.I loved the display of this phone. Super amoled screen is good for the people like me who watch a lot of movies and web series on phone.So overall a good phone in this price range.",5.0
"This phone is best at its price, best in class display to enjoy your content, best in class battery that lasts for the whole day, a decent processor to keep you up for day to day usage and a decent camera. I deducted 1 star for its screen, my phone screen got broken within a month at first drop from my waist height. That was disappointing but I expected Samsung to make it better with its successor.",4.0
"1. Bty:-Phone's battery is best but takes more than 2 & half hour to fully charge.2. Camera:-Camera is also good.I will give 4 star for camera.3. Bluetooth:-By connecting bluetooth we are enable for calls but unable for listing audio , as its gets buffered .kindly resolve this problem.Overall I vl say the phone is good as per its price.",4.0
Battery is good .if you wanl only long lasting battery then go with this .Budget phone.Charger is not universal its different and unique.Mobile  more weighted.hands feel pain after some time of usage.This handset not working out of india .If you use 64 mp for camera you cant zoom it and not flash it .64 MP photo quality do not show much different than 16 MP .Camera settings are very few .Daily data usage not show on screen .you have to set daily to know internet usage .Back of phone  is not good . Impression of fingerprint or hands appers on this.,2.0
"It's been 2 week I'm using the mobile phone,till now I have not faced any issues. Battery  life is amazing,if u are not playing any kind of game and using mobile for talking,chatting and for browsing the different website, battery will remain for at least 2 days.Day timings camera clarity is really good, but during night time camera is not working that great as u won't get that quality picture if you are capturing anything.Screen resolution is very good,and mobile has come up with gorilla glass 3 and amoled display.6GB ram and 128GB ram is really worth for 17kOverall mobile is good  if you are planning to buy the mobile under 20k and trying to avoid CHINESE PRODUCTS.",5.0
"I've been using this phone for a week now.... and I can surely tell uh that this phn is amazing.....It's battery life is just awesome; I've just fell in love with it.... and it's camera is also amazing and it's processor is more better than i thought....it is completely the phone we all wanted.... even the apps of msgs,WhatsApp, n others of messages are really designed completely in a very deferent way....like if ur doing something in a aap like reading,searching, or anything else i mean if u r using a app and a msg arrived and u don't wanna go into the app just to reply them then I'm telling uh this phn is the phn u need.... it simply provide u not only the msg but also the whole aap by just a small circle by it's pop-up feature.....even it has designed by all these small uses....And I really think it's worthy of it's single penny bcs it has a massive battery, a monster camera and a processor like a beast...Go for It🤟",5.0
"Im using this device Samsung m31 since last few weeks, it shows a number of issues the very 1st one is ...They have told that it is off 6gb ram but it's performance is like 3gb ram , very slow while switching apps,while installing apps , and in many more situations.The second one is network issue, this one is really irritating b'cos while we are in middle of our work or any class etc the wifi getting off frequently and getting on automatically after 5 to 6min . Due to this we are getting out from middle of our work..they suggested me to reset my network settings after following their solution i faced the same issue ...My sincere advice too the coustmers pls Don't buy this phone don't waste your money better go for an another device .Thankyou.Mr.jagadam",1.0
"Samsung has once again come up with a phone which is perfect blend of features, style, asthetics and more importantly user friendly.It has all the features of a latest smart phone which are widely used . The ameloid screen and its colour combinations, touch screen responsiveness are excellent as expected from brand samsung.Battery is what is a strong feature , in times when much of time is spent at home the 6000 mah battery takes all worries off.Camera is better than earlier models but still night imaging has area of improvement , day snaps are awesome.Fingerprint scanner, face recognitionare also very good.overall a must buy if you are looking for a brand which gives  you, your perfect phone. And yes it is non chinese....",5.0
"I bought Samsung Galaxy M31 (Ocean Blue, 6GB RAM, 128GB Storage) mobile on 29/06/2020, turned on the camera for the last 6 months that the mobile hangs, now the mobile is completely turned off. It doesn't start There is something wrong with the model My friend also has this mobile, he is also in trouble When the phone rings, there is no pick up, and when it is done, the sound does not come properly",2.0
"Monster battery - I thought this would be just a dream but it became true through this magestic phone! Once fully charged it has the power to withstand two days. I'm not joking 'cause this is SAMSUNG!Performance - 6gb is of course not a joke. If you are a gamer then m31 won't disappoint you. My old phone always overheats  when I play PUBG and all. You can smoothly and efficiently run PUBG, COD, & Other big games with no worries!Camera - If you are looking for picture perfect shots then this is one of the best in business. Quad 64 mp is just enough. And to be honest with you I was blown away by the in built stabilizer. Yes now I can take videos without any shakes!I would highly recommended this phone for daily use. Grab it now on amazon",5.0
"This is my first phone from samsung but I got disappointed because the quality of phone. Front and back cameras are just ok, battery  is also ok, but as mentioned  fast charging I am not satisfied  with that as it takes around 2hrs to fully charge.Saddest thing is network problem. It keeps showing full network in Airtel but internet stops working. Then go to flight mode and come back, then it again starts working which is annoying.I have honor 8xbox previously  bought and still use with airtel but in honor 8x I don't face this issue even single day.",1.0
"Great experience. I have been using this phone from 3 months.Pros1. Good display (dispaly in A series mobiles is better than this display)2. Good battery life. Even if you use roughly, you can use whole day (morning to night).3. Good cameraCons1. Processor (Phone is very slow compared poco and redmi. Sometimes hangs also)2. It takes 3 hrs to get full charge.3. Look wise also not that better.Overall nice experience using it. It is very good for daily use. It hangs if u play heavy games. I recommend A series if you are a Samsung fan. A series is better than this in all aspects (display, security and other features) except battery.",4.0
1. Reasonable Price2. Good Hardware3. Software performance too good4. Camera Algorithm working well5. Battery Backup is amazing6. UI Designed in well manner7. Finger print implementation was too good,5.0
"Best branded mobile u can get under 20k. M31 is best at spec,  it can compete even with A31 and A51 mobile. Fingerprint is very smooth and ultra fast. Primary camera at 64MP mode gives mind blowing images. Front camera is also best with some added filters and effects. The best thing about M31 is the battery, lasting for about 2 days with normal usage and some gaming. Charging takes around 2.5 hrs which is the only fact that is bitter in this mobile. Screen seems to be very impressive with Amoled display. It is also gives me great company in games with very great performance. Pubg games seems to work smooth while your graphics is set to ultra. Body back side is built with plastic but it is not that worst. Exynos 9611 is working fine for now. Overall it can be rated 8.5 out of 10",4.0
"Hi, I am using M31 (6GB, 128GB) around two months now, I am very much satisfied with the phone considering the price around 18k. I am listing down some Pros and Cons after my use.Pros:1. Best Battery life2. Display quality.3. More that average main camera quality (comapre to phones with range of 30k plus).4. Best Wide angle camera quality.5. Best Front Camera.6. Quick response time, no lag in working with multiple apps.Cons:1. Macro camera is not upto mark.2. Average charging time (around 2hrs for 0 to 100% charge).3. Minor heating issue near by camera area.In all, its a best budget phone I am using till date.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Please I requested to you don't buy of samsung phones.One of the worst experience with Samsung, I can't believe this cheap products delivered by Amazon and samsungI ordered before 4 days phone doesn't working not working touch not replace by Amazon.Please don't buy this phone, you can go for Redmi or realms don't purchase this types of phone",1.0
The overall performance of this mobile is good.There will be a slight lag in unlock when fingerprint sensor is used and some times if you touch it also it says to cover the sensor fully. Earlier I was a mi user but I never found such problem in my old mobile.Camera and battery are the best things in this mobile.But some times I see that the phone hangs. This might be a major drawback of this mobile.Conclusion: If u are a gamer or a heavy user of multimedia. This mobile is not worth for your use. This is good for only those people who use it for nominal multimedia purposes.,4.0
It's a a product of maximum 70 percent marks in my opinion.Fingerprint  reader 65 percent marksConnectivity cellular network 65 percent marksSpeakers and microphone  55 to 60 percent marksCamera 80 to 85 percent maximum upto 90 percent.Overall external appearance  is of 75 percent marks.,3.0
Pros:Screen touch is extremely smooth .Dual Volte standby is availableCamera quality is  always  better than Chinese phone.Battery life is  very  good  as everyone wanted.Very much appreciated this phone at this competitive Price.  When Samsung Galaxy is available at this price  why to choose Chinese mobile.Cons: back cover is of Plastic. But a good back cover can purchase to protect this  device.We can use only 3 fingers option is available for finger print sensors.,5.0
"For the first time i was so delightful to use a samsung mobile but got disappointed henceforth i wold new use these products.Firstly when i received the order there was a issue in ""battery life"" then that was returned that to took 4 days for the same then i got replacement in that i met "" bad front camera quality"" and the phone was hanged in between it did not meet my expectations..I accept that once i can get a defect in product but not twice.The phone was litterally operating slow it is really a disappointment. Although i returned it but the refund is also taking a huge time.U need to upgrade ur services as well as value ur customers time .we too need new phone we cant just sit idealy and wait till u refund us . U need to upgrade ur refund time as well as on time delivery.",1.0
"first of all I ordered the mobile on 17th july and I get my hands on 23rd it is such a long time but during this pandemic this is not a huge deal.I 'm writing this review after the three days of usage.pros:-1) display - the amoled display is always the top of display segment. As usual a best display from samsung the colours are vivid and punchy.2) battery - really this is the monster in battery segment it comes with the huge 6000 mAh battery which easily stands for 1 day in heavy usage for light usage it may stand more than 2 days.3)UI - as that the Ui is personal opinion . the one UI have retained the stock os without bulk bootlogger .4)camera- when i buy i used to see reviews my reviews were that performance of camera is not upto the mark.But the device comes with 16mp mode as default that the 64mp use huge storage, so whenever it is necessary u  may switch to 64 mp mode. the pic was crisp and natural.5) RAM management- i bought 8gb variant and i didn 't face any reloading or reopening of apps while switching.cons:-1) built - the built quality is not that premium as they  used plastic insted of glass.but there is no creeking or worse . they used plastic to maintain the weight of device below 200gm.2)Protection- the device comes with corning gorilla glass 3 in front. at this price segment many others offer 6.3)processor - it comes with exynos 9611 processor . this is not that worse processor, this is best for day to day use and for games with light and medium settings (here the answer for many others question yes you can run pubg with meduim setting without any lag or framedrops and free fire can be run in ultra graphics without any lags) overall with processor it is best for light gamers not for intense gamers and also here the display again make the gameplay next level.4)accessories - first it comes with 15w fast charge support it takes 1 and 1\2 hr to get full in fast charge on and takes 3 hr in fast charge off mode. but i personally recommend to charge without fast charge .that makes a notable difference in battery standby. and one more thing it is difficult to drain this battery to 0.  as back is plastic it easily picks the fingerprint and smugdes easily and that samsung haven't gave their tpu case here and it is very important to use the case.  This is the detailed review that i have made for u to make your choice . and i hope it will be usefull to the internet shopping surffers.  at last in disclaimer i request to record the video of unboxing that will be useful while any defect or missing or change of product. so be careful . happy purchase..  i 'm happy with what i bought..",4.0
"I am an iPhone fan not because of the price but because of its features and quality. Samsung Samsung M31 was a not a choice but a requirement and yay I am a happy user3+ ProsA. Very Good Looks, Sturdy Design and DisplayB. Very Good Battery Life with Fast Charging Facility although it doesnt last two daysC. Very Good CameraD. Almost as smooth as iPhone Touch although I saw some lag in games.1+ ConA. The speakers and the sound not that great, could have been much better with the kinda of feature filled phones The Samsung M31 is.B. Seemed it had been opened before delivery, the box pack had the seal but didnt have any shrink wrapping, hoping its not reused or refurbished.C. Takes a while to connect to the Wifi or Network.First Few Days hope can continue with the Pros and overcome the Cons",5.0
Reviews after 4and half month....1.All software updated....but stilll...heating very high..2. Network very poor...discunnect phone  frequently.3. Battery draining very fast with only regular uses.Worst phone.Review after 18 days uses of phone....Only Display is really very good...5/5. Rest is worst dream....!!!1. For full charging...it will take almost 3 hr. And heating a lot.... even you can't take a call2. I have used mirroring function....initially worked smoth ...but after 50 minutes msg pop up mobile over heated it will shut down in 20 sec.....!!!  Note : battery % is 67 that time ...i have charged 100% after before starting mirroring function. (And it is not in charging).3. Network is very bad....in my home almost no internet work and in office also. (Note : at same location my previous phone samsung on 7 working superb in internet.)4. Phone call cut during talking with other.5. Battery...draining very rapidely....it is only last for 12 to 14 hrs. On moderate uses. I have doubt on 6000 mH...!!6. No zoom in 64 mp camera ...allthough rear camera is good but zoom is not attractive.7.  Front camera ...really worst. In day light 3/5. But in night 1/5.8. Note that i have not installed any gaming app....yes no single gaming  app...This all happening without any gaming app like pubg.9. User interface is 4/5.Oveall really disappointed  with samsung .... i am user of only samsung since last 12 yrs.,3.0
One of the best phone to buy in a range of 15k -25k.I am feeling so happy while using it.Pros:- 1 - The processsor is super fast and we can easily multitask without any lag.2- The reason why i choose this phone over Redmi was the AMOLED display offered by samsung which is awesome. Now i can watch movies on Netflix and Amazon Prime with better picture Quality as it feels like i am watching in a theatre.3- Sound Quality is super as it provides with DOLBY ATMOS in this range .4- The amazing part is that it has a battery of 6000mah which is impossible to get from any great brand like Samsung. I charge it after 3 days if using on a normal basis.5- The camera of this phone makes your picture is being clicked by a DSLR. I have now started using this for clicking my pictures and stopped using my DSLRThis phone is a go ahead and experience the great features with it.I strongly recommend to go for Samsung M31,5.0
Camera is very goodBattery life is goodSpeaker quality is very goodIt has dolby atmos but it is not supported on the speakerEarphone sound quality is excellent because here it supports dolby atmosCharging speed is good but if it was supported by 18 watts fast charge then it will be very good according to battery mahProcessor is good but not for heavy gaming because it heats up quickly if we play in high graphics it has became little old it should use Snapdragon processor which is very good from exynosBut for day to day use it is goodDisplay quality is very awesome even though HDR is also supported and HDR video quality is awesomeRam management is also goodFingerprint reader is good,4.0
"I brought that time this phone I was very very very exited becouse fst time I brought a costly phone  & Finally I had get  a new phone too, after Ardering this phone within 7hrs I got, but screen was Not working,and thare no any Easy way of return this product, after calling the CSTMRBCARE  they were talking like after 6 Days we will process For replacement either After 6days  there was noeda for Colletting this phone this is Tottaly distroy, I was in Hurry, they pepl play with the Costemer emotion becouse Who wht? Conditioned buy a costly phone or another item They can't accept Hurry refund or replacement I  very disappointed. How can I say about fingerprint when I AM not able to use screen",1.0
"The phone is very good at all and its a complete package for normal user the battery life is excellent the camera setup is grate,  super amoled display is the best at all , gaming experience is good at all i have played pubg for 3 hours continues on defualt graphics and it feels superub, game do not lack at all the speaker quality is good, the only  thing that lack for me is the night time the photo is over saturated and the night mode is not just effective but by the the way the phone i feel is the best among the competitor and the phone of same range",5.0
"This is a monster mobile. Monster in good sense. Very good battery life well full battery charge take some time well its obvious its 6000 mah battery. Camera quality is best. Not tested 64 mp till now coz its 3 days review, front camera is really awesome. Single speakers and its loud enough. Did not received  earphones in the box, apart from that its the best mobile under this budget. 4.5 star go for it. More over It's Samsung.",5.0
"awesome phone...best for daily normal use...but u cannot play pubg at high settings.....but at smooth and fos at ultra u will not face any issues at all...i am playi g at smooth and ultra frame rate since 1 month and rately faced any issues of frame droo...some times frames dropped but those were the case when 5,6 squads were there in pochinki.....About camera...if u want beautified pics..this camera ia not for u but if u want quality pics then best camera u der 20kw.....tips..betterthan ise besuty mode it just make ur phto worst....just take clearer shots and edit with any appo....about processor  its good enough for daily use......charging takes 2 to 2.5 hours ....",5.0
Writing review after using 12 days.I got the m31 in 12999/ during big billion sale.Pros:-Non-chinese phone and brand value.Display is awsome because of super amoled.Colour are very good.Dolby atmos sound technology.UI 2.1 is awsome.Clean UI.Secured.Battery backup is good as it is 6000 mah.Sound is okay not so loud but okay.Weight is okayNot so bulky.Design is simple.Camera is okay.Cons:-Processor is slow.Could be a problem for gamers.But on medium settings heavy games can be played smoothly.Camera could be better.No vibration on touch.15 watt charger only.They should have given fast charger.No cover.,4.0
"Sometimes finger print does not work. Also some basic features r not so user friendly like screenshot taking is a big task, Calendar does not have any world events showing, transition effects r not available for apps, app renaming is not available, message tones r not good, speed booster, battery scanning, automatic closing of running apps in background not available. For setting alarm I had to go into clock app but in previous mobile-Redmi 3s  it was just a clock on time on home screen. All these r the features which I had in my Redmi 3s prime mobile which is very user friendly n it just costed me rs8999.",3.0
"One of the best  phone I used, this phone is amazing in every terms:Battery: I do wfh and hv to use phone every single minute. I used for 2 days after full charge.Camera: just woow quality , fully satisfied,  shared some pic kindly check. You can even see my dandruff spreaded all over the key board 🤭🤭  fantabulas quality. Micro feature is the bestVedio quality  is speech less, and the slow motion and super slow motion is the best thing in this phone.Watching movie experience  is best experience u will find. Such clear view 🤩Thanks @Samsung  this was my first Samsung phone. And you have added one more fan in ur list. Fully satisfied phone.",5.0
"It is a wonderful product from samsung in this price range.as we all know the other options available which are realme , xiaomi, redmi out of them i was fascinated by samsung because of the spectacular super amoled display packaged  with infinity u display minimum bazels and 6000 mah huge monster battery which will hold your back 1 to 1.5 days with heavy usage.Last by not the least the samsung processor will give you lag free experience for dialy usage amd for intense gaming it will be working fine in medium settings without any  frame drops.The quad Camera setup  in also very good in this phone which is also good in day light as well as artificial lightning conditions and gives us power to record the front as well back video with 4k resolution and front camera in this 32 mp camera which is good and the is supported by typical samung software to enhance the colours and skin tones which makes the every click look good.The only feature i wish it had is in-display fingerprint scanner.I think in this price range it is one of the best phones which i can say tue value for money product.",5.0
"I am using this phone from last 2 months and i am happy with this phone.. battery  life is good, if ur heavy game user dont expect so much..Yeah it takes more than 2 hrs for charging..",4.0
I am writing review after 2 weeks of using...I face 2 major problem1. Network issue in the system its having always 2 bars and network drainage during my online class....2.It having heating issue if you will use this system for 1hr it becomes hot ...I think there is a major problem which I face....3. Samsung  doesn't provide  any case or temper so we have to order or buy from any other place...so I ordered  a popiyo glass..that was a duplicate  productSo if you are a student or heavy user than don't buy this product...Go for Motorola fusion  1 plus that's a good alternative choice...it's suggestion from my side.,3.0
"From the first month itself phone started to freez and restart on itself, turned off battery optimization it didn't work, turned off other YouTube suggested settings it didn't work,  did factory reset it didn't work, update security patch it didn't work, got software reinstalled at service center it didn't work, now last option suggested by service center to replace motherboard, hope it resolves the issueBattery life is goodCamera quality is poor as compared to my old Moto single camera phoneYellowish screen as compared to my Samsung on6",1.0
"I use the product more as a phone, but the graphics - playing games or watching videos is amazing. its very light weight. I wanted phone with good memory and storage area which i got it. The camera quality is also good. Samsung has given all the features in one phone which are necessary for any person. overall its a very good product by Samsung.",5.0
"I had purchased 8 GB version- and on day 5, i am not even able to take a whatsapp call. I dont know weather its a phone issue or app issue. Overall- the camera is OK. Please use 12 MP instead of 64 MP. The camera app is too simple or complex- that i an not able to locate shutter speed.",3.0
"5 months ago, I gave very good feedback about this phone. But after using for almost 5 and a half months this phone is giving a lot of trouble. As you can see in my uploaded image, this phone screen is frozen. It happened several times. The phone restarts itself several time and sometime it will be stuck for an entire day. This problem is impacting my work life. I cleared the memory, I removed and uninstalled many apps but still no result. The worst part is that I am trying to get my money back and I requested for a replacement also, but customer care is not at all helping me out for this process. I am facing this issue for the last 20 days..... this is the worst service from Samsung. I feel like cheated. Folks, please think twice before buying this phone.",1.0
Supposingly this is the best phone in term of battery life. My device is taking atleast 4hours for full recharge and Samsung advertise that this phone has fast charging capability. Its battery is even worse than 3500 mh battery phone.I got my phone exchange within 3 days of purchase because of WiFi issue and now this phone has battery issue. It seems Samsung don't concentrate on quality and spend heavy only in advertisements.,1.0
"Over all package!!! I got it as I want it. Superb handset. Charging is fast as all are complaining about it but the fact is there is no slow charging at all. Battery is stupendous...Solid features, overall solid package.. Excellent Smart phone.. That Dolby Atmos feature is Dhamakedaar.... most happiest user of M31 Mega Monster.🤩🤩",5.0
"A handy Handset with good design proportions.Design wise nothing greatGood camera with Depth, wide angle features.Night camera is also good for price.Fast and Secured Fingerprint and Face lock Unlocking system15hrs on screen time with Wi-Fi on.Battery charging speed is too slow..0-100 2hrs 45mts.Network accessibility is less compared to xiomi phones and all",4.0
"So I received this mobile on 16 march and started using it by 19 mar. Bought it to beat the looming lockdown at the time. Held me in good stead as I ran my office from this mobile only. Best part of mobile is its battery backup. With all the use I still get 24 hrs of backup. Camera quality was not my requirement but still I find it good. The touch screen and fingerprint are also great. Face recognition at times plays mischief, but its manageable.  At times it start blinks when moved from one app to the other but it may be more due to my own issue. Overall till now it has been a great experience.",5.0
"Everything is good in the phone, camera, speed, touchscreen and all. Only problem in this phone is its network strength.  Its very poor. Even internet is also get very slow in low network areas. At the same time my old vivo y53 perform well better than Samsung with respect to network.  And i think this poor network problem is in all other Samsung phones. My friends are using m31s, f21 and other Samsung phones they are also facing same issue of network. Samsung should improve it other wise phone is very good. 6000 mah battery is very long lasting.",4.0
"The display quality is certainly better than what we usually see in this price range.  As mentioned above, the display is shielded by Gorilla Glass 3 (which is more scratch-resistant, but less drop resistant than GG 5 and GG6).  There is no pre-installed scratch guard or plastic screen protector on the phone.Battery life a massive 6,000mAh cell and the company claimed the device can deliver up to 26 hours of video playback and yes, it did live up to the expectations. During the review period, the Galaxy M31 consistently offered two days of the battery under ...overall Camera quality , the camera performance is above average in proper lighting conditions. Indoors and in low light, the quality deteriorates.Fingerprint Reader is work good.....",4.0
"First of all the phone related to a company whom you can trust among all brands available in market in this range 'The SAMSUNG'. Secondly the battery backup of phone is very good and it can easily survive for 2 days. Third the camera quality is superb and you can click good pictures with perfect pixels. Fourth the fingerprint reader experience is average as sometimes you have to put your fingers more than once on the panel to unlock the phone. Fifth when I make calls on the phone with speaker mode, sometimes I feel like my voice echo so I have to low the volume and the problems seems fixed. Sixth the look of the phone is very premium and you can carry it easily as the weight is also not much.",5.0
"It's a nice compact mobile, very much satisfied with its ultra hd super amoled screen, such a good experience,  touching smoothness and unbeatable sensors. 6 g.b quality ram make your multitasking more easy. The camera performance is also very good, new features like super slow Mo are very cool. The processor is always ready for heavy performance and multitasking, Idle for gaming and high graphics work, amazing sound experience on Dolby Atmos . Totally satisfied with this phone at this price range. Another thing, once you charged your you can forget your charger for two days. Sometimes you may feel the hitting up but that's nothing to compare to Chinese mobile brand. Samsung is a well trusted s. Korean brand for decades. I'm very much satisfied with this phone.",5.0
"The colour is beautiful, camera quality is great ,battery life is very good. Phone is light weight. Finger print reader isn't that great, it reads one finger correctly sometimes but not the other. The phone charges fast. It has features which auto creates GIFs based on pictures you take which i find quiet fascinating. Also there is no option to create new albums in gallery so you can't shift the pictures you get on whatsapp to other albums which is quiet hectic since can't shift required pictures to another album .",4.0
"I bought this phone on 28th June, arrives on 3rd July. There was no output audio in the handset, replacement came on 10th June. On 26th June, replaced phone was all purple, attached is the image of replaced piece. I took my phone to Samsung service center, they again replaced my phone after 20 days. the 3rd phone, just after 8 days of using, screen is not responding to touch. All response gone from the screen. Again Samsung Service center are trying to replace the phone but after 3 broken pieces of handset how can I trust Samsung. They gave 2 options- replacement for handset or E-coupon, there are no available handset for E-coupons on any Samsung store. Complete mismanaged company, with worst MADE IN INDIA example. Sorry, going for Xiaomi again. Thank you Samsung for all the hard days.",1.0
It is very disappointing that phone has heating issue. On simple use you will feel the heat and once you have played any game then it is like old iron. It is heat the upper part of phone i.e. camera side.On the other hand screen stuck while using whatapps. Screen touch start working abnormal. I have brought  2 handsets i feel similar  issues in both of the handsets.I am not a tech bug but second phone user has raised concern  to amazon they have ask to install diagnostic  software  after that i have no idea what they have done to his handset.,2.0
"Dear team,I am a prime member and I want refund my money but you have just replaced the phone and it's taking more then 10 days in replaced iteam.If you taking more then 2 days so I request you that please refund the money. Because I am prime member of the Amazon so do the needful ASAP.Note:- you know that why i am return the product and you also checked the 10-15 times that camera quality is very poor 32 MP not good normal photo also not good.If you are taking more then 2-3 days so please refund the amount.Now mobile in box so please take and refund the money.Thanks",2.0
"I am a student by occupation. I mainly use my phone for day to day calling, texting, light reading (comics), watch movies, and take pictures of documents and landscape. some times in full-screen mode while watching movies in chrome,  the video gets stuck which will resume after minimizing and reopening the app. The camera is cool with high resolution but the images taken through the wide-angle lens have lacked that resolution. Nigh mode photos are also good. But sometimes I think the phone is not making good use of the 6GB ram.  The Samsung store apps are filled with ads which are annoying. face unlock doesn't work well in low light. Overall it is snappy and elegant.",4.0
"Talking about Samsung Galaxy M31, it is an amazing phone to spend money on. Some people say that Samsung has been using the same processor in most of its mobile ranges, but it seems to be best as per my opinion, as Qualcomm Snapdragon has been recently accused for stealing data, and on the other side, Mediatek Processors lack on remaining cool. So, I focused on the point on which the wishing buyers change the mind, and I did not highlight points about camera which is seemingly amazing, display which is bright and sharp and battery which is gigantic, because everyone get attracted to it, but after knowing the processor, they usually change their decision.Conclusion: It is a nice phone for daily usage and you should go for it.",5.0
"The Samsung Galaxy M31 is a good option if you are looking for a device under Rs 17,000 It offers some really good specifications such as a quad-camera setup and a 6000mAh battery and that too with fast charging support.Coolest thing is  have 6000 mAh battery so you can play games, movies etc.1: Best device in cheap price margin...love the battery backup 6000 MAhSuper processor for fast response of system.2:Best thing is the main USB of the phone, its 64 MP quad camera, shoots amazing photos and video. Also the front camera is very good. Have smooth performance while playing games like PUBG,GTA,ASPHALT,F1.We also have 6000 mAh battery so you can play games, movies etc.And high graphic quality in multiple game categoriesSuper amoled display for experiencing the best color visuals and movies and gameplay.3.The finger sensor at back center on mobile help me to unlock and use notifiaction bar very comfortably,quickly and with single hand use.",5.0
"Software experience not at all good worst then Chinese phone, lot of ads samsung is trying to push through their phones lately, even in setting menu they are pushing ads, random apps instalation or like one click instalation ads etc , 🙁 . Had bought this phone to my mom and after a month I see around 20 to 25 random apps isntalled in it and slowing down the phone and eating up battery in the background. What's wrong with samsung making money one these ads... And even they won't allow you to disable or uninstall these app or ads suggestions. Each time you click on theose ads samsung is making money out of you 🙄🤦🤦",2.0
"The worst fingerprint reader. Just doesn't detect it even if it isnt liquid soaked. Above average battery life, great display. Sound quality is great and with Dolby Atmos, the sound is spectacular for a Dolby print movie. Camera is average.Overall a great product but the fingerprint is near awful so in an emergency or quick use situation, you might curse M31 for it's pathetic sensor.",3.0
"I bought this the day it launched. The very moment it was available for sale and got it at an affordable price of ₹14999, delivered the same day via Amazon Prime. Its been almost 15 days of heavy use nowWhat i liked:-Amoled screen is sharp and crisp at displaying. No faulty viewing angles. Drop notch is super stylish and gives a flagship look to the device. Videos can be cropped to fit by the finger pinching out action. i have never seen Adaptive Brightness work so well in any phone.-Fingerprint sensor is easy to reach at the back below the camera. Quick unlocking and Smart Unlock works well. Face unlock is accurate and works well too.-Quad Camera setup is one of the sleekest cameras and positioning looks fabulous. The camera is quick to focus, great depth, the 64MP produces sharp images with a focus on the smallest details too. It has features like Pro, Hyperlapse, SlowMo, SuperSlowMo, Panorama, Night mode, Macro (wide), Bixby Vision, AR emoji, Food, 4k video and so much more. The front camera is better than what it looks like. It has perfect positioning, quick to focus and great attention to detail too. Overall, the cameras themselves make this phone worth a buy. Not just better in this range of phones but also than most flagship phones in 40-50k range.-Android 10 & One UI2.1 are both very clean, precise and extremely easy to use. If you're on any os below 9, this will be a great upgrade.-The biggest reason i bought this was the 6000mAh monster battery, it is not surprising that they do deliver their promise in this case too. The battery does not exhaust easily. Being a heavy user this battery, after charged fully, lasts around 2.5 days for me. The 15W type C charger that comes in the box takes about an hour to charge it from 0 to 100%.-There is one external speaker towards the side of the charging port which produces clean and moderately loud sound. Dolby Atmos Sound is also an upgrade if you are looking for a surround sound experience. towards the other side of the charging port, you have a 3.5mm headphone jack.-The Samsung Exynos 9611 processor lives upto its name. It is faster than i had expected it to be. Also, there are separate slots for memory and 2 sim cards which is a major pro.-The phone in hand feels very light, despite its huge battery. The Ocean Blue colour looks sophisticated and might give the black variant competition.-The box has a 15W fast charger with cable, user manuals, ejection pin.What I didn't like-It might sound stupid but there is nothing that i did not like about the m31. Maybe they could have provided a headphone in the box but given the features of the phone at such a low price range, that is understandable. Other than that, the phone has delivered to all the claims that it made and I think it is one of the best phones i have owned so far. Great competition in this range. Highly Recommended.",5.0
"1) When touch to ear while speaking, sensor malfunctions and call hold automatically2) Weight is high3) Battery is good4) Not perfect on Airtel WiFi calling, call disconnects automatically even WiFi speed is high5) 64MP Camera expected best clarity considering high megapixel rating, but it is lower in picture clarity which expected from 64MP6) If more moisture on finger, Fingerprint sensor will not work7) Battery is Best8) Speed is Best9) Speaker Volume and clarity is Best10) For office user, this is good choice11) Internet speed, hot spot is Best12) Screen performance w.r.t. comfort for eyes is Best",4.0
"this product is good, its fingerprint sensor is quite good, initially i have doubt about its battery as per some of review, but after 1 month use i can definitely say battery is upto the mark..currently there is no lagging issue lets hope  in future it will continue...camera quality is good, but slow mlo feature during night has some light sensitivity issue, samsung sud work on it, some will cry foul about filter, but its samsung, so anyone hav to be adjusted wid it...some will give 5 star but to be honest its situationalnothing can be perfect so this phone is, but its value for money, its one of best model in samsung mid range till date..4 star would be perfect for this phone",4.0
"I am writing this review after 10 days.1.CAMERAI found the rare camera excellent. The photos speak for there selves but focus is not available in macro mode you have to make exact distance about 3cms to clearly have a nice shot, the night mode is very good. When you open Slow motion videos, you fell lag on the videos. I think it is a software problem because i have seen m30s capturing good slow motion videos by having exactly the same proccer, I hope samsung will solve this problem in future updates.when we came to the front camera, i think samsung tried to improve the front camera from m30s. It is very great but suffers a little at night time.2.BATTERYThe 6000mah battery on this device is excellent, it last easly 2 days with moderete users. And can last a full day with heavy users so no need to worry about the battery.3.DISPLAYPerfect, no problem with that.4.VALUE FOR MONEYthe best from devices in this price segment.5.FINGER PRINT AND FACE UNLOCKfinger print is fast and secure, i have no problem with that. Face unlock is very fast during a day. But doesn't work sometimes at night and artificial light sources.PROS1.BIG BATTERY2.AWESOME DISPLAY3.GREAT CAMERA4.FAST FINGER PRINT SCANNERCONS1.LACKS FOCUS ON THE MACRO MODE CAMERA2.THE PHONE HEATS SOMETIMES BUT MANAGABLE.3.FRONT CAMERA IS NOT SOO GOOD AT NIGHT TIME.3.FELLS A LAG ON SLOWMOTION VIDEOS",5.0
This is the best thing you can get in this price range & NOT at China made one.Good:- Android version gives Beautiful looks!- Display Blue light filter is amazing.- Performance is great with no heat or lag issues.- Battery is HUUGEEEE- Expandable memory is cool !! Anyways 128 GB storage is pretty good.- Both sim slots support LTE .. that’s amazing- Fast charging takes not more than 45 mins to charge full- Mobile speakers are at OHKAY!- Camera is amazing- Figure-print sensor response is quickNot So Good:- Not sleek .. but ok.Go for it without any doubt.,5.0
"Very bad product1. Mainly  network  problem2.  only one sim work ,3. speaker  not  work,4. Don't buy SUMSANG  M series  phone",3.0
"The Samsung M31 is a power packed performer not only among it's equivalent price range smartphones but comparative to all high end phones available in the market today.1. Overall Handling is quite satisfying. With an Amoled Screen and a good resolution perfect for binge watching. You can switch between Vivid and Natural colours though (don't know why it comes in vivid default).2. Has a 64 MP rear camera with ultra wide and depth however as anyone would have a nick for wanting the best, there still is room for improvement.3. Comes with Face recognition and Finger print scanner, however there is a fraction of a second's lag while unlocking the phone. Recognition does get better with more use.4. Has an inbuilt Optimiser in the UI with anti-theft features to clear up memory,check battery usage and scan through an inbuilt antivirus. So that is an addition, however a third party antivirus should still be used as back up.5. The smartphone boasts of a 6000mAH mega battery and it lives up to the figure with 9-10 hrs of battery if used continuously and upto 2 days with normal to minimal use(Frankly speaking I gifted the phone to my mother and was surprised to see it working at 28%, the day after it was charged..also it was charged in the evening around 5 pm...so still not 2 days). The Charger supports fast charging but I wouldn't compare it to One Plus' dash charging as it would take upto 150 mins to reach full charge on M31.Eventually I did want to buy one more for myself,but there already is one M31 in the family.A great buy.",5.0
"Lightweight design,64 megapixcel camra captures each and every detail of picture,live focus mode of camra is best for click pics,mega display screen will give awesome experience in watching movies,latest processor gives you a fast access . In recent time all the works and education went online. Fingerprint and face lock feature of this phone give you a secure feeling while doing office work.32 mp front camera will be very useful in online classes and meetings. Best phone in its renge. Must bye.and sorry to forget to mention its stylish look specialy ocean blue model.loved it",5.0
Great phone in the range of 15k ( or less with discount and offers). Samsung is one of oldest brands and with good quality phone. Finger print scanner is fine but it could be on screen for better experience. Phone hasy a humongous battery life which easily enough for 1n half day. Also the 4 rear camera has superb lense quality. Pictures look amazing and colour gamut is also perfect. Overall a great buy.,4.0
"For those who wish to have an awesome camera view, this mobile is the best. Unbeatable camera - 64mp back and 32mp front camera. Worth your money. First time while all apps are getting installed it gets heated up , but as you use you will not find the issue. Charging takes more time and battery standby is also good.",5.0
"In a sea of Xiaomi's and Oppo, Vivo's, this is one of the best phones in this price segment. The stunning AMOLED screen is enough to lure people in but some other great things are it's battery life and the smooth One UI. Samsung finally is making some good midrange phones.",5.0
Finger print scanner is the worst.It takes 40s to unlock or read...and the just the display takes 20s to turn on.The phone is getting slower day by day.I have filled just 72gb out of 128 and the phone already lags.It takes decades to get the phone charged.Only good thing is the amoled display and the Camera  .So again after another 3 months...after some few updates I guess the phone is lag free and the fingerprint scanner somewhat is better .,3.0
"I am not gaming or who always view online content so for me battery life is the more concerned.So my reviews after 3 weeks of uses.Pros1. Good battery life2. Camera is good but not up to the marks with same budgets mobiles.Cons :Big Zero for heating issue, seriously the handset I using is getting warm if we talk for 30-40 mins or watch any movie for same time.Haven't tested yet playing high graphics game. Due to heating issue will not suggest to buy this phone.",3.0
"Samsung Galaxy M31 (Ocean Blue, 6GB RAM, 128GB Storage) does not able to handle multi tasking. Had read good reviews in YouTube and others but personally speaking, it gave me disappointment as the movement you work on multiple application at a time mobile get auto restart and it also get heat real quick. Camera also a bit disappointing and bit slow if you go for other options for taking pictures.Overall not worth. This is the 3rd month I'm using this mobile and within 2 month it started giving me problem. Please do think more than 100 times to put money on this mobile.",2.0
"Wow!!It is a great purchase I have made during this dussera. Samsung M31 delivered as it is speicfied.Big kudos to the design and the security features it posses.The camera and finger print sensors are awesome and their functionality is epic.The 64MB picture quality sets benchmark in this category of mobiles.Screenshot function delivered  with across screen sweep , is like a magic wand touch which is creative and innovativeThe RAM and processor usage is very optimum to these category of mobiles.",5.0
"It's a real mega monster specially  in  this  price  range. I liked m31 very much because of its 64 mp quad camera 4k video recording ,the super amoled  FHD+infinity  u display with a big screen size of 6.4 inch also the fast charging  and long lasting  6000mAh battery ,and a good processor and a very quick working  face lock and fingerprint sensor, it is a product which is worth for the amount taken and it is the second time I bought it .An excellent value for money product",5.0
I m using Samsung for first time to support made in India and non Chinese phone. But astonished to see the quality which is marvelous. Super amoled screen is mind blowing. Camera is very good. Macro camera is also nice. Video calling experience is superb with 32 mp front camera. Sound is vibrant. Liked the quality very much. Watched 4k videos which is flawless. If anyone think to purchase then no second thought required. But cons is that a little costly. However after using I didn't regret its price.,5.0
"This is a good choice in the price range. Battery life is super and features are also good. Only drawback is the front camera quality.It had a phone freeze issue after April 2020 update, hope it is fixed now after the recent update. Not sure as I haven't witnessed it recently.Overall a good phone!",4.0
"Subject Heading- Phone was Automatically hang and switch off and Not open again.Now next day going to nearest service center in Deoria UP,( Hanuman Mandir Road), He was checking and saying It will take one week time to make. he gives the reason its ON/OFF circuit board is not working, and we will give the order to bring this part from our main center in Noida. Then that time i have no option and submitted my mobile for one week .My Question to #SamsungIndia, Why you are not remove the hanging problem , also why your service center  taking one week or more than one week time for little bit bug fixing . I am really irritate and to get worried.",1.0
"Got it during offer period....so far no issues faced....go for it if you get it cheap.Phone looks premium .Display, camera and audio are awesome. Battery life is very good as well.overall performance is good.the only con is the that if you watch youtube videos in portrait mode, the video size is smaller compared to the full phone size...looks wierd...but if you rotate it to full screen, its fine.",5.0
"I bought this phone around june.Within 4 months of  use it heavy dust got accumulated on one of the camera without any heavy use.That also without any heavy usage,it was laying on the table all day for that time.Thanks to lockdown !Highly disappointed with product manufacturers , adding 4 cameras comes with cost of servicing.i went to service center they said i have to pay this doesn't comes with IPS protection so doesn't cover in warranty..The material used on the back with camera casing is not of good quality anything xan easily pass in..",3.0
"""fingerprint reader "" on the Galaxy M31 is excellent. You can just tap the finger to register your print and the phone unlocks lightning fast with just the lightest tap on the sensor.""Battery ""6000mAh .spent an entire day using the phone and even after 24 hours since charging the device, the phone still had 20% left in the tank""Camera quality ""64MP Main CameraDepth camera 5MPMacro camera 5MPUltra wide camera 8MPThe video quality on the Galaxy M31 is decent Overall we can say that the  Galaxy M31 device is good ,smart features and good performance",5.0
The phone display is very bad. In dark mode especialy with images having black or gray there is violet or blue colour overlappinh. It will affect photo editing and correction.low quality phone. Amazon  refuses retutn even within teo days of purchase.  From this it is sure the phone have some prblm. Or why the are refusing return as offered in their ads. All complInts have no resolution.,1.0
PositiveGood battery  life.Speed is ok.Camera is good.Screen clarity is good.Negative.Slightly bulky. May be due to higher battery Ah.Sometimes  lag in switching app. Two times I feels in three days. After restarting it's ok.Plastic  quality  need to improve.Exchange only available for selection PIN code.Overall worth for the price.,4.0
"This is my first Samsung android phone.. now it is proven my decision to avoid Samsung till date was right and deeply disappointed by Samsung quality...Battery is so called 6000mAH, but does not sustain 10 hours of use.. 20% battery drops with one hour of Facebook or YouTube use..Inbuilt apps are not helpful at all.At worst is Samsung doesn't support English UK, India or Marathi.",1.0
The product is quite satisfying. The picture quality is better. The phone charges quickly that saves my time. Overall I love my M31 mobile. Also I have some issues the picture quality is not upto the level I excepted. Also the upper part of the phone's screen gets much heated when I put them on charging. After some times it gets cool automatically. When the phone was delivered since then the phone was heating. If possible kindly settle the issue as soon as possible and try giving me the reason behind the heating of mobile Rather than that there is no other issues.,5.0
Everything is perfect it is working properly and its networking is aweasom voice and video recording is very clear..battery it most powerful working long time...fingerprint sensor is very smoothly work and quick response..there are many function in camera and its picture quality is very clear and its many function make it best in comparison of other mobiles,5.0
Great phone for camera and battery and the screen looks so premium thanks for the superamoled with 60hz...and the battery easily lasts for one and half day...not sure about gaming though..if u don't play games for hours then it's the best pick,5.0
"This new Samsung beast is monster in every aspect i.e., monster 6000mah battery, monster 64MP main rear camera, monster super amoled full HD+ display, and many more.. This new monster is very slim and very easy to handle and use. 4 different camera lenses helps us to captureevery type of shot as we seek in a perfect manner.Other phones Samsung don't give 6000 mah battery with the 64 MP camera and super amoled full HD display altogether at this rate.15W fast charger takes almost 1.5-2 hours to charge this big batteryvwhich lasts for almost 2 days with normal internet and other uses.So one must go for this M31 because at this price, this is the only one phone in this segment which provides customer all types of major functions at this rate.",5.0
"I have been using this mobile from one month. Below is my review about all the features.1.Camer Quality is Good2. Fingerprint reader is so quick3. Phone display is good4. Sound system is upto the mark5. Battery: if you are using continuously, the battery would work upto 1 day.Con: Only issues that I am facing is,while using WhatsApp, in middle of a conversation, phone is hanging for 2 mins with no reason. Not sure, what's the problem is but it happend to me many times with in this short time.I request Samsungs to overcome this issue in the next update.",4.0
"Initially the product was working extremely well and gradually it shows problem regarding signal cut off ( No internet or phone calls). Submitted for service and now they say it cant be repaired, board complaint and they will give E voucher from Samsung. They replaced its board and it worked another 5 months. against same issue started. So my request is to all not go for M series",1.0
"I am very happy to review on my recent purchase Samsung M31 mobile phone.Performance is very Good as it is having Octa core processor with 6 GB RAM.The Display is Super Amoled with 6.4 inch screen which is fantastic & I can say that No other phone comes closer in this budget segment.The highlight of the mobile is its Camera, possessing Quad camera of 64+ 8 + 5 + 5 MP Primary Cameras & 32 MP Front Camera. The attached photos are taken from this phone as the font size is so small to read, Phone helped me in reading see the clarity.Now I will give 5 rating for its monster Battery of 6000mAhWhy I strictly Recommend others to go for this phone because of its lowest SAR value.Overall my rating is 5.",5.0
"This phone has an excellent battery life, one of the fastest fingerprint scanners, and an amazing camera quality, which is unmatched in the comparision to other smartphones in its range. It is also very sturdy and durable, yet beautifully designed. It is also quite fast, and does not lag anytime even after heavy use. An amazing phone and a must buy!",5.0
No need to buy this product my honest review .I purchased this device and faced many issue within 10 days of using phone..phone automatically get switched off and freezez for several hours.Someetimes phone call get hang and we cannot disconnect it for that we have to restart the device..phone charging takes more than 4 hours..so please dont purchase this device ..there are many issues in this device..worthless to purchase .my honest and true feedback..and no one to listen not even amazon...they will open and repair your device..which customer dont wish for his mobile within 10 days,1.0
"- Purchased mobile- One fine day without network gone for both of the SIM cards- Went to service center and submitted the mobile- Got an update from service center that this mobile is non repairable- Also got an update that I will not get mobile replacement also not get my cash back. What samsung is offering me is the coupon which only can be used in samsung stores. I can not purchase mobile online nor I change the brand of the mobile.- And this whole process will take a month of time.- Worst service from Samsung, worst device... really bad experience...",1.0
Pros:-1. Good for normal usage2. Camera is better at this price range3. Dolby Atoms works perfectly gives better sound using Earphone or Headphones4. Superior display quality5. Heavy in weight due to battery but can easily withstand nominal shock6. Fingerprint works perfectly7. Speaker sounds goodCons:-1. Low quality processor results very-very low performance during  @ long time Application using  @ gaming  @ application handling2. Major Heating issue result drastically drainage of batteryNot recommended for heavy usage,3.0
Beginning with performance it is definitely not a great phone but decent. As everyone knows display is great and perfect.Battery which is the biggest asset of this phone completely disappointed me.I never felt I was using 6000mah battery.Samsung should immediately optimiz its performance with battery. More over it took me 2 1/2 hrs to fill 0 to 100%  battery.Camera is not up to matk. Since it has 64 MP camera it takes more time to bind the pixels but processor is slow so it takes more time to process image.UI is great.,3.0
"Really good phone. Battery backup is really good, for normal use 4-5 days and for heavy use 2.5-3 days lasts. Fingerprints is really fast. Face unlocking is good also. Camera is super good. In night sky without turning on the night mode it gives really good pictures. For some reason I can't upload the night sky pictures but yes it is really good. And for video the screen is really clear and awesome. In YouTube using just 240p resolution it gives nice clean videos. And all over this is a nice good phone. I'm just loving this. Just go for this. Just worth it.",5.0
"Fingerprint reader is sensitive and perfect response, battery capacity is 6000mah but draining though it has capacity and charging takes too long by charging the 15 watt standard charger, camera quality is up to the mark and quite good producing best pictures.",5.0
"Writing it after using 3 weeks.Bought it for 16.5kOverall 4starPros: looonggggggggg battery life short charging time!Smooth, not lagging even when playing pubg in lockdown!Camera alright alright. (Demo image given)The screen is wonderful!Looks sexy!No issues with heatingIt's a good buy overall in this budget range.Cons: really suckyyyy finger print sensor like really sucky it's waste doesn't deserve even 1 star!Though it looks good but since the back is of plastic it leaves finger prints on it! Plus gets scratches real quick!",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   lots of people say it's very thick smartphone but it's not to much thick , it's thick because of 6000mAh battery. display is awesome. phone is good looking but back panel is not scratch proof so please use phone with case . image stabilization is also awesome , slow motion is also good , wide angle is also good , micro is not not to much good , charging speed not so fast. if you pugin your phone hole night up to full charge it's get 1 or 36 hours.",5.0
"Good value for money. Camera quality is good with live focus and changing effects of portrait mode using the different focusses available with the quad cameras. Night mode is good.Battery is good. I use hotspot from the phone for work. Even with hotspot on, charge lasted more than 6-7 hrs.Performance is fine. Gets stuck during games a bit. Battery lasts a day when used continuously. Fast charging is ok. Fingerprint sensor can be better. Overall good phone considering the features offered for the price range.",4.0
"M31 proved once again how competitive Samsung is with regards to mid range phones. It gave little space to any of its competitors to stand out.  The phone has a monster battery, a beautiful camera,  and the display is also top notch. The phone is very sturdy as well, when it comes to accidentally falling down. Also it is water proof and has endured well. Overall a very good buy. Thank you Samsung and Amazon",5.0
Company cliam that they provide Gorilla glass in their display but my phone fallen from the bed (2 feet) and its carack badly and another thing is that when i purchase my phone at the time of launch i received my order but same day the was hang and off automatically the back fingerprint sensors is not work properly i got a call from the Samsung company regarding feedback but no one call for your quality . I think the manufacturer need to check the phone quality.  I am troubling after the purchase this phone. Its too bad its not affect the particular products its affect all over the Samsung gooods and accessories.,4.0
Using this mobile for  almost 2 months now. Just before lockdown i bought it and it started hanging within a week so i wasn't able to place an exchange or return order complaint. The battery life is also very less as compared to other mobile phones I've used. Plus it mentions 6000mah which it definitely not at all acceptable. Also it starts to heat up pretty quickly and then you'll not be able to use your phone for another 30 mins. Not at all satisfied with the product.,1.0
"It's a very good phone , I would rather say its value for money , the camera is amazing like it could even make hell look like heaven . The quad cam is one of the best in the market and samsung is already a company that's on the top in industry .Its battery life is what they say #gomomster if charged fully it could even go upto 2 days and on heavy use 1 full day . No other smart phone has a big 6000 mah battery and the battery being very big the smartphone is as light as a feather .The finger print sensor is amazing as well as the camera .Atlast all i would like to say is u should go and buy it right now .",5.0
"Guys don't become a fool and buy this phoneThe phone will start hanging and will switch off in between a call. Touch will not work , you have to end up pressing the touch multiple times to accept end calls or to do any work on phone.Battery life is ok okPhones started hanging in just 2 daysAnd more painful is that Amazon does not have return policy for this. They will send some technician to check it and ""if "" he finds issue phone will be replaced.If I would have known this I would never have purchased it from here.Now only god knows how my problem will be solved. I have came across such issue 1st time ever as I always preferred to buy such electronic items from physical store or not to go for any random low budget phone to avoid any complexity.Rethink before buying this phone from amazon ( if u faced any difficulty they won't return or refund the amount)",1.0
I bought this fon keeping in mind camera quality but disappointed. Camera quality is not good as redmi or poco phones. It captures warmer photos which are annoying. If anyone wants better camera then go blindly with poco x2 or oneplus or redmi phones. Battery is good only due to 6000mah otherwise charging speed is very slow in respect of other vooc flash charging supported phones. Display is nice as it is super amoled full hd display. Finger print sensor not working perfectly sometimes.,4.0
A great product from Samsung in the midrange M series with insane specs. Go for it blindly as this phone tops in all categories. Colour and contrast is superb with sAmoLed display.Excellent for watching videos. 64Mp camera gives each detail along with 3 other rear cameras. Front camera quality is also outstanding. I found Night mode very very useful for night captures. Battery is sufficient to last for 2 days with moderate usage. No heating problem with heavy gaming. Easy multitasking without any lag. I didnt find any Con personally in this phone.,5.0
The mobile is very light when carried and the response speed is awesome compared to other brands used by me. Shifted from a brand which I was using for close to 6+ years (1 mobile every year from same brand) . Limelight is that this phone does not get heated when using heavy applications also which was the issue faced by my. In the earlier brand owned by me. Kudos to Samsung.,5.0
Something is wrong with the device. I have 150 mbps gigafibre wifi which is working well with all other devices but not working properly on this phone. I need technical support from Amzzon or Samsung. I am not satisfied with the performance of this device. If it is possible to return this device even now then I will be happy to return it .,1.0
"With such a beast, I'm unable to keep the phone down. Whatever task I throw at it, it just does in a jiffy. Faster, quicker and wonderful performer. Battery stays for a good long time. Great value for money. Camera is exceptional. Voice clarity and processing power are good. you can't get such a powerful phone for such a price. Actually after seeing the usage of my phone, four of my colleagues have bought this.  I also have bought another one for my family.  Without a doubt, the best phone at such a remarkable price.  Above all, this is not CHINESE.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Overall the performance of the device is far better than what I expected, the only drawback is that the 6k MaH battery doesn't feel like 6k and it drains much more faster than my previous device which had 5.5k battery life.The camera quality is excellent and the photos clicked on natural lighting is absolutely amazing although night mode is satisfactory.The Gaming performance is better than what I had expected after seeing some reviews on YouTube which did not do the processor justice.I am satisfied with my purchase.",4.0
"From Day 2, this phone has been troubling us as the touch would completely stop working and won't get fixed even after the battery drains down and you switch it back on.Samsung service centre fixed it once and again the next day, the touch screen stopped working. We want to return the device and get a completely different phone from Samsung.",1.0
Be very much careful while purchasing electronics on Amazon. It's always about quality and loyalty. I received Samsung M31 which was used or repaired. Display panel egdes had dust particles as if it was replaced or changed. Got replacement for the same in few days and other product wasn't having same issue but had minor manufacturing fault on edges of the phone which I ignored as I had done exchange of my old phone so was in need of phone. Hope this one works fine.,3.0
After using for 5 days here are my  conclusions1. After using for 9-10 hrs youtube and browsing google....phone battery is 20% and  charging for 2 hours is required as it is 6000mah.2. Camera is good..3. Finger print works good.But charging cable is bit short but its ok..Good phone at this price..,4.0
"Go for other like redmi note series. This is not upto the features which are available for this price point  provided by other brands like redmi. Fingerprint sensor is bad, takes effort for unlocking it even in face unlock. Bad product. Battery charging is too slow 3 hrs to fully charge and backup is only for a day if ita fully charged. In case of half charged you will need to charge again n again within a day. Bad product.",1.0
"One of the best phone from samsung. If you are looking for a low budget phone with high specifications, M31 is the right option.Finger print reader works fine and much better than my J7 prime.6000mah battery is the main advantage of this phone. Battery life is super as compared to my previous J7 prime.Camera quality is amazing during day time and its not good in the low lighting conditions.Games like PUBG,PES,etc runs smooth in this phone.In my experience Samsung's Galaxy M31 is a superb phone in this budget.(This review is written from my experience only )",5.0
I am very glad to buy this phone. What a mobile I have never tried the features that are there in this phone and I am planning to buy few like this for my family members by seeing the phones feature . The battery omg it absolutely fantastic and I am very happy about the camera what a osm selfie I get from this phone I never worried of like i wasted money in this phone but I think I am having best phone in my hand and fingerprint reader is as fast as light within a touch of my finger the phone will unlock very fast I thank Samsung Galaxy very much for making the phone like this,5.0
Ok first of all.1.Do not buy the phone as they have mentioned 6000Mah Mega Battery.The battery works just half a day and is so normal. It's not even fast charging.2.Do not even think of a good front camera.3. The charger is not a fast charger.Do not go for this for 16k.4. Rest some of the features are okie.5. Would be better if I get refund.,3.0
"Bought M31 phone with much expectation. Speaker volume for incoming and out going calls very very low. Out doors call volume much worst. In the speaker mode also sound is low.Visited Samaung service center for repair. But they said it is software issue and no issue with hardware.They reset the software, but no improvement in sound quality.They keep on arguing that speakers are OK.WORST EXPERIENCE. Problem still exist.Basic function of the phone is for calls, but that itself not served.Request Amazon / Samsung to look into the problem.",2.0
Awesome product. Bad experience with delivery. Cant describe much else review wont be published,3.0
"As a fan of Samsung products, because of their consistent quality and amazing products, I really enjoy buying and using Samsung phones.Galaxy Samsung M31, is a no nonsense phone with good value for money.  Crisp display and a decent camera is the ask of most of the users ,including me.This phone lives up to my expectations.",5.0
"Over all the ohone is good, as for me i am not a very heavy phone user, played COD for which the experience was pretty smooth. Battery life is also good. Only thing i didn't like is the back cover...as it is plastic thougb with a back cover ot has got dirt impressions which makes it look very old",4.0
As I talked to your Amazon executive and said that I have a heating issue in my handset.Your executive assured me to resolve my issue.But now as your policy my return date has been finished.I request Amazon to plz go through my issue an d resolve it.FastThe last talk with your executive was on 3June2020. She assured me that my issue will be resolved.Once again I again request Amazon to resolve my issue or call me.With RegardsAditya JainPhone no. 8377855629,3.0
"Don't buy it seriouslyMain work of any phone is call n internet.A lots of network problem with this phone .Will show 2g even if there is full networkNetwork fluctuations are thereTons of complaints regarding network issue from tha launch of this phone, but they hardly care.If you want to purchase a toy with cam n touch then go for it . Cheapest Chinese mobile has better networkRegretting switching to Samsung",1.0
"Amazing phone for the cost, the camera quality is top notch with 64 mpx coupled with a batter of 6k mah that makes the phone last longer. Couldn't have struck a better deal with the prime offer where could get this phone with flagship specs at a mere 14k.One aspect that could've been done better is the processor that is used",5.0
"Screen color, touch & smoothness is OK. Face unlock is for namesake. It never works properly. Lot of basic features required like call history doesn't show caller number. Pls change sign of portrait to screen rotation which is common. Add feature of most called numbers so it will save time of searching in phone directory.  It takes lot of time to charge battery 100%. Quick charge required. Bluetooth connectivity is an issue. Takes more time to start the mobile compare to other brand smartphones. Overall I will rate 3 star to this phone.",3.0
"Worst phone than cheap phone , cost me 13000/- Rs. Screen got break with only 1 ft fall, Authorised service centre asked for 5000/- for replacment charges and said that warranty card is for manufacturing defect while the warranty card say that service charges will not be levied . The phone is having avergae performance from what is being offered , camera quality poor , repenting my decision when I have gone for this piece of garbage, highly disappointed.",1.0
"The first hand experience of the phone is horrible. There is signal quality issue, sensors (both finger print and face recognition) doesn't work properly. The phone charging speed is toooo slow. A BAD buy. Don't go for it guys. Amazon is also clueless when talked to their technical support. It seems that Samsung has degraded their product quality a lot.",1.0
"The product delivered was a defective piece, most of the apps use to close on it's own, tried checking with Customer support for amazon and they informed that they cannot exchange as it was 2 days outside of the return policy, the phone has constant problems, visited Samsung repairs and they informed that they cannot exchange.",1.0
"First time using Samsung, fingerprint reader fast just show finger that’s all. Phone open fast battery better life . I prefer this phone  for it camera quality and fully satisfied .If the wt reduced it will be more comfortable. Thanks to Samsung . A premium product with affordable price.",5.0
I purchased this phone in May 2020. So far I have been using this as my primary phone.I use the phone in a daily basis for all my personal uses for at least 12 hrs straight. The battery life us great.I used this phone as a  camera for my nephew's wedding and the pictures came out great.Finger print sensor is located perfect way and is fast.,5.0
"Phone performance is really very good, not stacking or hanging during multiple app operation. Battery is also very good. But the camera 64MP is not up to the mark compared to oppo/vivo 48MP. But camera is good.SAR value is very low and its a very good point to buy this mobile. Overall very good mobile phone  in this budget.",5.0
"First I received  defective product.. Too much of heat in all use. While talking I can't hold my phone nearby my ears. I registered  a complaint  for replacement Amazon immediately  take action,  finally  I got new one which is working fine.",5.0
"This is a wonderful product from Samsung.I was using Mi for last 7 years.But now with this phone Samsung Blake me dump Mi and go with M31.Pros.1.Excellent display sAmoled screen is far superior than IPS LCD2.Android 103.Gigantic Battery 6000 May4.Excellent camera with 4k5.Samsung brand Name6.Budget friendlyCons.1.Nothing muchThose who are looking for a phone with excellent screen,brand value and decent performance go for it..",5.0
"#MegaMonster is a perfect pick for all your needs. It's 64 MP camera is just mind blowing . The appearance of Samsung Galaxy M31 is extremely eye catching . Moreover it fits in your budget and it is worth of the amount . 100% satisfied with the product . The battery lasts longer as compared to other devices . The fingerprint Sensing speed of the phone is worth mentioning , it's just next level . Many apps are pre-installed. I would recommend this phone very much. One can definitely go for this phone without thinking twice. Indeed ,I must say it's truly a MegaMonster.",5.0
"Got the phone replaced once due to hanging and flickering issues. Thanks to Amazon they got it replaced.But facing issue with the mic/voice output while calling with the replaced phone also. Have to restart the phone to get it sorted. Probably some software issue with the phone they are producing. The Quality control team has to ensure about the software quality also.Purchased the phone during Indo-China border dispute, as didn't want to purchase a Chinese phone..But Samsung has really disappointed me. Think 100 times before making this purchase.",1.0
1. Camera quality is better at good light.2. Battery life is good. Even if I continuously use internet it stands  6-7 hrs.3. Finger print works fine.4. Amoled display is awesome. But compared to A series it lacks quality.5. While charging heats a lot.6. Audio system(Dolby) is awesome with headset.7. User interface is good.8. Plastic body does it job by reducing the weight.9. Curved edges give better handling.10. Not good for gaming like pubg. Heats a lot  and touch become irresponsive. Highly sensitive to sweat from my fingers. Because of this unable to play games.,4.0
"Don't buy this product ,West of money , I brought 10 days before my experience very bad about this product , Sim Data is not working properly, voice is not good, camera not bad ,But network is showing as well as data speed very low with comparison other phone in same location.I am very strongly not recommend for samsung phones.",1.0
"Worst phone ever. A tiny crack and the screen went all blank. Display quality is very poor. My phone was only 2 months old and service center denied to service the phone and charged me Rs 5500/- for screen replacement. When I contacted Amazon, got poor reply from them. Very disappointed with this phone. Not recommended for purchase at all.",1.0
Super phone.  The functionality is unbelievable.  The screen is super charming and the battery  life is too good to be true.  100% satisfied.  Earlier I was using some Chinese brands.  Can't  tell how much I missed on everything.  Thanx  Samsung!,5.0
"The phone has amazing battery life. One charge lasts me while day. This is amazing as I am heavy consumer of YouTube and OTT platform.Keys feel responsive.I find no lag in routine activities as watching videos and opening multiple sites.Camera is very good. It has quite a few modes and tweaks to try out though I haven't done much with these.I don't use finger print reader much. Though kids have reported it has a very minuscule lag time.The screen is bright and warm tonesOverall, a value for money",4.0
"I am using it from 3 days , 6000 mah battery is just for name only, it work for 1-1.25 days only with moderate usage.64mp camera doesn't support zoom, camera doesn't support 60fps video recording.Build quality is not good, plastic back with lots of figure prints in few minutes handling, not look new in few seconds.Face unlock very slow.Heat issue which charging and heavy usageFull charge takes more than 3 hrsWould not recommend to buy , if you are looking for good camera phonego with other brands like oppo or redmi , giving much better quality",3.0
I exchanged my oneplus 5 for this phone and this one is really good. It has a great camera and better than oneplus 5. The battery life is amazing and the main thing is the SAR value which is very low than other phones in this segment.Cons:The fingerprint sensor is very terrible. I had the oneplus and it recognises even if the finger was wet. But here it very terrible.,3.0
Overall great deal for the price .. best components stacked to provide premium midrange experience .. could provide SD instead of Exynos though.. Samsung is developing processors for its phone from the beginning but always lagging,4.0
I would like to thanks Amazon to offering right price and time of deliveryFingerprint :- By Honestly saying working beyond my expectation. Especially indicating wrong and inproper touches.Camera :-  64 MP hels us to capture distance snaps with good quality and front camera is simply awesome for selfie.Battery life :- No need to worry about battery life..I was worked my offical purpose it's stand by 48Hrs.Over all fully satisfied for bought this product.,5.0
"Speed is good, battery backup is good,  cameras are good..overall good product and satisfied.. little bit costly when compared to Chinese phones but that's because it's a Samsung phone..Edit 1, after using for 6 months I am very happy with the phone. It never disappointed in any section. I love it. I never thought I would like any other phone after using BlackBerry phones for many years. But this phone is a killer.",5.0
"Performance of the mobile is somewhat okay. But the body is not at all good. The display has gone bad two times on its own. I had to change two times which required around Rs. 5000/- each time. Even my ph was within warranty period, samsung service center refused to give it free. Bad experience with Samsung this time. (Previously I had god experience with Samsung Smart Phones). Next time if display goes wrong I will through the phone in water. Suggesting not to bye this M31 model. Very fragile phone.",1.0
"please dont buy this phone from Amazon they are selling mobile are faulty defective phone by  samsamg M31 have huge problem, it is showing insert sim card issue...and all network gone in between of using please dont buy from Amazon go and buy to your near area shop it's better option",1.0
"System:System UI Stopped - my phone encounters this issue often and gets shut down in the mid of a phone call or at times of camera usage and restarts after a couple of long minutes. Moreover, the phone gets heated up too often with minimal usage of surfing (no gaming).Camera: Not as promised. Not worth a single rating as the pictures are distorted when taken at night.64MP (no zoom ) fails in comparison to a 16MP cam quality ....the picture taken are sharp and blurred when zoomed.The only good thing is fast charging and battery life. Overall M31 is an average phone with nothing as promised by Samsung.",2.0
"I am really satisfied with this phone, excellent battery backup. Now I don't need to carry charger. Awesome camera on this price. Video quality is amazing.Overall, one of the best phone I have.One problem I found is the back panel it is of plastic and you need to take extra care of it... I was waiting for best back cover but till then I have my phone got multiple rashes on back panel.And one thing is that, phone is getting on hold mode during the call. This is because, option button is getting eneble on right up side during call and accidentally it's getting touch.But Still I am happy what I got.",5.0
"Mobile camera quality is excellent but basic feature of mobile i.e. calling is bad. There is an issue with handset that, call receiver is unabl to hear (or it is too low) my voice. I am facing this issue a lot. During crowds place or on road I can't hear other side person voice at all.Another issue is if I use ear phones then receiver can't hear my voice at all. I called customer care but no expected response & resolution. Sometimes I feel its used model delivered in before time of the expected delivery date.",2.0
"I have purchased this mobile just 15 days back, and now it getting struck. The features are 8GB/128GB I purchased, worst phone, previously I used Redmi Note 3, in entire 5 years that phone not struck more than 2 to 3 times with 3GB RAM, but this phone has 8GB RAM and it started strucking and really worst phone from SAMSUNG. Except Display no other features are good. So please don't buy such fraud mobile like me. Please think rather you choose other mobiles with same features and less money also. So go for other ones. This is genuine Feedback.",2.0
"The set has been troubling right from the beginning. No clear voice, first thought to be a network problem. Now i have found out that set is not okk. It gets switched off of its own , distorted voice reception  , problem in connecting/ getting call. It was not a wise decision to buy on line.",1.0
"Samsung M31 is very impressive phone. It's camera quality is very much satisfying (I've added few photos captured by me).Other then this battery takes about 2hr. to full charge, and runs the video whole day. Phone's outlook and finishing is attractive. Loved Galaxy M31.Note:- Recommended from my Side. Anyone who needs better camera with good battery backup can go for Galaxy M31.",5.0
"Excellent job Samsung and Amazon also. There is no problem in mobile according to me. Main thing i would like to mention massive battery. Just charge and use. No need to plug charger frequently. One full charging is sufficient for whole day with high use. Camera quality is also good. About display there is nothing to say, it's just fabulous. Amazon is very careful about security of product transfer and delivery. Mobile comes in high security packing. Only One con is charging time of 2.5 hour for 0 to 100 percent.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Purchased phone just before lockdown. Worked fine for a week. After that it is in a restart loop. Went to service center after lockdown relaxation. They updated OS. Still issue is not resolved. Went again to the service center. They kept it for a week. Now I have the phone which still does not work. Still in a restart loop.Keep away from this phone.",1.0
"Hi Guys ,I bought this phone almost a month back , phone performance is very good and battery life is excellent with full Day you tube and other videos it came 1.5 days really a monster with respect to battery .. Camera  clarity is very good both front and back to add u have lot of option to deal with , overall worth buying at this price with samsung brand.. with same option other pmcomapny mobiles looks higher cost .. this is one is very good and very effective one ..Thank you Samsung for the really good mobile with affordable price",4.0
"The phone's battery got off within 12 days of purchase. Had a harrowing time with the imposing lockdown and moreover with Amazon's short 10 days return period, especially if phones are prone to these setbacks within such a short period. Service Center got it in working condition in 14 days but the phone just feels like a refurbished one now after only 1 month of purchase. Specs are decent as compared to others, hopefully it will last as much as my previous phone.",3.0
It stopped working after 2 hours of use.As I have switched it off to put it on charging but after 2 hours it is no more means only like a box which doesn't respond in any way.Worst experience from Amazon as they don't have any person for pickup my phone for replacement. They asked me to do this task.,1.0
Writing this review after 6 days usagePros-1) Amazing AMOLED display.2)Fair rare camera3)Lag free operationCons-1)Worst battery life- 6000 Mah battery gives you hardly 1 day backup on wifi with normal uses(Without playing ganes)2) Slowest charging speed- battery takes 2 Hours 45 Minutes for charging from 0 to 100%3) Face unlock is good but not fastStrong battery backup is just a Myth in this case.,3.0
Not recommended except  battery  life.It restart automatically  without any actions.It hangs frequently.Camera is not great as they mentioned.Want to replace  if there is an option after 3 monthsRedmi note 3 is better than this mobile.,1.0
"Been 3 months since I bought this, battery now lasts 24 hrs from the initial days(first month) of 36hrs. Same level of usage. Phone is seriously not great, I'm starting to understand why iPhones are always highly priced now. Phone hangs quite easily, gets slow. The processor or the RAM, I'm not a technical guy to explain. But my 3.5 year old iPhone 7 is much better than this.Surely not meant for long time usage, maybe that's why its priced 16k ish. I anticipate 1 to 1.5 years for these phones.",2.0
Quad Rear camera with 64MP is of no use...image not clear enough both during day or night. Camera resolution not upto mark...Battery  takes more than 2-3 hrs to get fully charged.  And Battery drains out in one day with normal use...I don't prefer this mobile...,1.0
This an amazing phone at this price point. I have been using iPhone 7 and Samsung galaxy s7 edge. This phone is as advanced and as a matter of fact has even more features (maybe because of the newer android os)The screen is big and has a very good resolution. The camera quality is good as such did not find much difference from other phones except for the clarity of pictures.There is absolutely no lag in performance.The best part being the battery life which is superb. I am a heavy user and the phone battery lasts for 2 days.To sum up: more than value for money.,5.0
"This is a much hyped phone and overpriced. I'm facing internet connectivity issue both over Wi-Fi as well as through SIM. Reaching out to Samsung customer care is of no use. They suggest doing a factory reset even for a brand new phone. Finger print scanner is also not the best in class. It takes around 3 hours to fully charge the battery. In short, I regret buying this phone and won't suggest others to go for it.",1.0
"👍Go for It.Review after 1 month.Forget myths feel the Speed &  the Power (Monster Speed).CAMERA: 🤩Feel reality and Pro Shots (check my rose flower pick i uploaded).GAMES: 🎯Play any game you like (Like Real Racing 3, Asphalt 9 etc).BATTERY: 🙀Gives extreme power backup (fast charging).PROCESSOR: 💪Use as much as you want Never Gets Slow Down(forget slow down word).DESIGN: 👑Smooth & thin, handy to use.😊Thanks SAMSUNG and amazon.🎉",5.0
"The phone build is pretty decent. Good at the price range. However, be cautious, the phone starts misbehaving only after a few months. It reboots evry 15-20 minutes. I cross checked this problem on quora, apparently many people are facing the same issue.",2.0
I am happy with the phone. However I am not happy with the exchange of the phone. The exchange of the phone was rejected due to the small crack in the back cover of the phone. I guess minute crack on the old phone can be ignored ( that also on the back cover and it will not affect the phone performance).,5.0
"Finger print was soo good.. screen quality is also good.. my cell was dropped many times, the screen was damm good (no scratches and breaks)Camera quality is ok ok.. sometimes it is perfect and sometimes ok ok.. video quality is poor. Overall Worth the money.",5.0
"In my earlier phone Vivo V9 I could able to block sender of promotional messages directly from the message or from the settings. Whereas, in Samsung M31 this function is missing. I am irritating now receiving repeated promotional messages which I could not restrict or block.I request SAMSUNG Team to provide solution to my problem.",4.0
I received the mobile phone among the first Iot of buyers. I am not satisfied with the battery charging aspect. It takes more than an hour to charge although product is said to have fast charging. I will not advise those intending to buy this product with regard to battery charging. I wish I did not buy this product.,2.0
Just after few months of use one side of screen got purple stain on screen.When went to samsung care they told it is not covered in warrnty paid 4000 for display replacement.Just after few months stain happend at the same place. And samsung again asking to change display.Worst phone.,1.0
"Worst front camera, 3GB RAM is reserved for Samsung apps even if none is running so its a 3GB RAM phone.Battery is good but does not look like 6000mah, last 24 hour only.Appart from this phone is Good and I liked it",4.0
"Good display colour and brightness,good battery  back up,Above average camera,sloooow processor,wondering y Samsung stil using exynos  9611,you feel that while opening  every application,,go for m51,got it for Rs 11500,for this price its  ok,don't  buy samsung  with exynos  9611",1.0
Fantastic built with an elegant design.Pros:1. Depth of the display is excellent. Very crisp.2. Long lasting battery life. It's really amazing.3. Camera clarity is good in day light.4. Android 10 UI customized by Samsung has a classy seamless flow.5. Face recognition speed is impressive.6. Smart pop up notification is useful.Cons:1. Low light camera is not up to the mark.2. Auto focus snapping is disturbing.3.On-Screen Finger print sensor would have been better than the one on back side.,4.0
"The Amazon packing was bad. No weight impact packing covered. Mobile box was crushed. No invoice included.Thank God the M31 was not broken. I switched on and working fine.  It’s a good mobile, working good. Value for the money.Finger print reader good response.  Camera super with functions  Sound quality is good.",3.0
Love the phone has almost all the features required. I dint get full satisfaction on camera becauce near objects captured r cmg blur far objects are excellent. Finger print don't work some times. Battery life is good comes for 2days after lots of use of internet.,5.0
I have used everything from Apple to Nokia and was very doubtful about taking Samsung though my experience with S3 had been really nice. This has been really pleasant experience. The phone is terrific except a few rare lags/hangs here and there.  My brother has an A50 and recently I gifted my mother a M31 too. To add to the list A8 plus with my dad has also been flawless.I would reccomend it for people who are looking forward to a pleasant experience with a budget phone.,5.0
Very good smartphone in the range of 15000 as I am using since last 2 and a half months.It is running very smooth. RAM management is very good and display quality is also awesome. The Dark mode and Popup app feature I liked very much.The dark mode feature applied in all the app while in others mobiles it is not.Battery charger need to be improved as the mobile has 6000 mAh battery but charger has  to be of more capacity rather than 15 W.Fingerprint sensor is also good but sometimes not captures fingerprint.,5.0
I was a moto user so i used to think it would be difficult to get used to samsung but that wasnt the fact...samsung galaxy m31 is user friendly and provides with adjustable options which can be easy to use....the camera quality is superb plus the battery life as well.. i dont have to charge my phone for straight 2 days...the samung app store provides variety of apps which i really enjoy...overall a worthy phone and you can never go wrong with samsung ill say!,5.0
"Pros1.Very good display2. Battery size and life3. Brand valueCons.1. Performance not  at the expected level2. Display flickering found only after the return peroid ends  , otherwise i must returned it..3. You can not see any on screen viodes any website , screen flickering like youtube, tube mate, Vmate extcc. Better go with REDMI note much better option and good performance of processor....",3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Everything is good in this smartphone really loved it1.Camera quality is very nice2.Battery consumption is very low i can play  pubg upto 6 hrs a day3.display is very good4. Speed is also enogh5.finger print reader is also fast Overall its the best smartphone than redmi and realme devices if you are thinking to take a good samartphone in a range of 15k to 18k go for it☺️",5.0
Worst phone .if u r on a video call without your headphones  as the speaker is located just down if u hold the phone  in your hand the other person is not able to listen your voice and if kept down your voice totally goes on mute.,2.0
"Definitely recommended for individuals looking out for a good phone in a moderate price. Over all very strong battery and interface, the camera is also very good, display is large and very handy. It's an ease to my life since I look out for a good memory space in phone and It's an absolutely a go to product from Samsung.",5.0
Samsung and Amazon broke my trust this timeThe camera quality is too poorIt's juts like 8mp cameraIf you switch on 64mp  it just like 16 mp cameraLots of noise in picturesSamsung is a fraud company don't read the descriptionAnd also don't buy this phoneRedmi and Realme is better then samsungAlso if you buy it there is no return policyThen don't give your money back..Amazon is not the best even Flipkart is better ..,1.0
It's been a while since I have started using this mobile. The back camera is marvelous  however front camera needs  more improvements particularly  in low light. It would have been better if flashlight  in front also would have been there.However  the battery  life is monster and is superb for gaming purpose.It's a win win situation  for anybody having this mobile.,4.0
"Network issue, frequent drop of video calls, not comportable while doing office works, full battery drains out in a single day without using games &videos, hotspot is not working in my laptop, video button is not working. I had trust with Samsung due to which I havecancelled moto fusion + order and accepted this mobile. I am very much disappointed with Samsung since I couldn't even replace this.",1.0
"Battery not work more then 8 hrs, not playing anygame. Just little browsing and whatsapp and facebook uses. No fast charging it's takes 5 hrs to get full charge. It takes 2 hrs to reach 40 percent charging. It doesn't read fingerprint 7 times out of 10. And it hanged when any call comes. We have to swipe again and again to attend a call. Touch pad not working properly around space bar. Worst product ever from Samsung never buy it.... I lost my 17 thousands.",1.0
"Amazing phone by Samsung in this range.Awesome touch.Battery life is almost 1.5 days(normal usage like calls,messages ,mails )Fingerprint -5*Face unlock -4*Camera - in love with wide angle shots.ConsI dont know whether this is facebook app problem or phone's but sometimes i feel like in notifications the first content is half hidden and you cant drag it.Otherwise till date(6th day from date of purchase) havent faced any issue and in love with this #Mega Monster",5.0
"Using this Beautiful phone since a couple of months. It has a satisfactory long lasting battery.I dont have much heavy use of applications. I use it for watching movies for several hours and dont find much heating of the phone. The camera quality is awesome.Per my calculations, if you have a continuous use of internet, the battery drains at an average rate of 7% per hour which is quite satisfactory.Overall I have a great experience after using this for 3 months.",5.0
"Have been using this mobile since a month.Camera, Batery, Performance is great.Had played games like COD, Asphalt 8/9, PUBG-M. PUBG-M works very well, i didn't saw any frame drop or lagg while playing in 'Smooth, Extreme' and 'Ultra,HD', these settings are usually available in flagship phones.Screen is excellent.One UI 2.0 works well.THIS MOBILE IS MANUFACTURED IN INDIA, I.E. WHOLE PRODUCTION IS DONE HERE.A bit delay in fingerprint sensor, but OK.",5.0
"Worst operating system and setting facility.I will never suggest to my friend to buy Samsung. I think my previous Android mobile was 100 times better than this.No app lock facility and no call recorder facility, such types of many facilities are missing in my NEW Samsung M31 mobile.",1.0
I have purchase Samsung galaxy M31 in march it is stylish look and better performance. Camera clarity is very very well and battery performance is too high.... fingerprint sensor open with in sec.... battery backup is amazing...to compare other mobile is better galaxy m31... worth for money... it is using continuously no hanging no heating problem... finally if u want good mobile in budget price u can choose samsung galaxy m31.... I refer to my family and friends also....,5.0
Please  never every  go for battery in this  mobile  7 hours  for full charging  its not  fast charging  and 14 hours  only  the  battery  life better  don't  go for  Samsung  its one of the biggest  drow back of this  mobile  6000mah works like 3000mah fast charger not  work link as normal  one i hate it,1.0
"It offers everything that a mobile phone needs at a very reasonable price.  Would have been better if fingerprint reader was on the side. Excellent camera. Battery stays for 2 days without charging if used reasonably, without gaming erc. Its light weight. Dimensions 6are good. Easy to handle.",4.0
Waste purchase!!!! 😡Charging issues are coming.... Never expected Amazon will provide such faulty product... Less than a month problem of charging arose.... Product should be replaced by new product.....,3.0
"It is a pathetic phone as I have lot of issues and I have already lodged many complaints. It hangs, switches of automatically, phone dialling doesn't work, even switching off becomes too difficult. Since it is hardly used and feels it is a refurbished model. Despite paying a big amount felt cheated. Must be returned with another phone immediately as I am literally tired.",1.0
"Working fine so far, camera has natural colours, quick charge working fine. Back up is also good.Charger quality can be better at this price phone. Charger is the same which issued with 5K phone.",4.0
"Best phone in this price,I read all negative reviews,But when I use m31 from 1week ,iI found conclusion that,this phone is far ahead of Chinese brand,it looks premium, camera is best,Some functions only me has isDARK MODE,SUPER SLOW MOTION PICTURE &AUDIO,THE S AMLOID EXPERIENCE IS ROCKING.And lastly those who have negative reviews or some problems for m31 ,is only matter of users understanding because this phone have much advance features in camera and os &it takes atleast 1week to full understand & remember all this",5.0
"You can see many photos/videos of mobile on google or YouTube. So i wanna just tell you  M31 is a longtime useful phone because a brand Samsung ,good built quality, good camera and 6 gb/128 gb variant make it special..i purchase this variant.. night day light conditions photos pity good comparisons to other mobiles like poco and xiomi 9 pro. Images details also improved by Samsung. I received this mobile as a gift on my 2nd anniversary. Thankx lot my love",5.0
Review After 1 week.... Microphone is poor while using handsfree mode..... Music Speaker is also average.. Camera is decent.... Battery is definitely not 6000 mah.... It feels like 4500 mah when compared to battery of other mobiles.,3.0
Guys don't buy this phone at this price range . The camera quality so poor and phots looks catured from cheap 2 megapixel camera. Body is plastic made looks cheap. I made a huge mistake there no returen facility for the this product unless there is some default. I would have given minus 5 star ⭐,1.0
"The screen is really smooth. Fingerprint reader is a bit too small maybe that's why it doesn't detect as fast as Xiaomi phone's fingerprint sensors. Battery is good. On a normal day with continuously using your phone, it takes 8 hours to go from 100% to 48%. If left like that, it stays at the same percentage or goes just one percentage down. Camera quality is really good. It takes great pictures even at night.  Selfies are high quality. Even the back camera is so good.",4.0
The product is perfect only excepting the battery and its charging time.it has only 15w fast charge..it does quiet perfect for this set..and battery last atmost a day..I m fully satisfied with with it..thank u samsung..,4.0
"It is an amazing phone. Its display is so large that it feels really good to hold. Its battery life extends for a long time and dosent drain even after u play any high graphics games like pubg , call of duty, etc for 2 to 3 hrs continuously. It has an arm cortex processor with 2.35 ghz clock speed which is really high for new generation phones in low budget. Fingerprint reader is extremely good. This phone is really good for gaming. So overall review is amazing phone.",5.0
The product display  stopped suddenly in 15 days of usage. Samsung service guy informed that the whole batch of phones (with a certain batch number) has defects. This is irresponsible on part of seller to sell as they might have already got complaint on it earlier. Getting a replacement from service center takes already 15 days. Very poor on part of Amazon and Samsung.,1.0
"Thank you Amazon, product arrived right on time and I got a good return for my mi6pro.Ace Camera quality and features.Display, design, user interface and the facelock sensor is as attractive as it can be.It's time to Say ""Samsung you are back in the league and you compete with the expensive range and the economical range of cell phones, successfully.""Thank you Samsung and Amazon.",5.0
"First I feel very good experience to have this amazing product of Samsung Galaxy M 31. Starting from it's Processor I found good working experience, it's battery life is quite good and and it's fingerprint reader is much easier to unlock the Devi within a second and its touch is so smooth. But it's camera quality is not so good as I experience. Overall phone is good and I recommend other to buy it without any hesitation if they wish to buy a smartphone of Samsung.",5.0
"I have purchased this phone on the first sale  date itself and has been using for the last 3 days.The overall performance of the phone is good,however I would like to mention few things as below.1. Best budget phone within 16k2.Battery is lasting for  1.5 days even after continuous internet  usage.3.Selfie camera is fantastic.4.Display is good.Cons1.The phone is slightly heavy.2.Rear camera is not up to the mark.as specified.3.The mobile is getting heated up after 30 min continuous calls.",4.0
Internet 4g connection drops frequently.. Even with full signal... Samsung has out right cheated us... I later found this issue is with all M31 mobiles...  lot of users has reported thg exact same problem... Now make me think i should have taken the chinese route itself... wasted my 20k on this stupid useless brick phone.... My humble advice dont by M3q. I dont know about other samsung models..  but this model sucks to the core,1.0
I shifted from a Moto G6 ...fingerprint sensor at back  wasn't a good transition for me ...though the sensor is quite good.Camera ...wilh all those 4 cameras...pics still come bit soft . Ex. Skin texture gets smoothened .Battery ....I don't play games ..and neither do I watch movies . Just regular social media apps and WhatsApp . Even my calls are very less. Still the bulky battery just lasts bit more than a day. And it takes bit long to fast charge ...which feels as if it's not fast charging.,4.0
"Recently bought this phone,but display getting complete black,thought new phone so connected with samsung chat box,after few guidence it dint start so they suggest to visit service center.Service center excutive said need to replace this phone and given in writting and suggested  you have to connect Amazon,we cant take request as you have bought online .i have connected Amazon but their excutive were not helpful and denied my request.Now struggling with my phone.",1.0
"Absolutely disappointed, this is the first time that I've bought a Samsung phone and I couldn't have worse experience. I often had them hanging during some important work would be going on. But what would a person do when the phone completely stops working in the middle of the night? Luckily, I was at my home. I had always known that Samsung phones have issues, but having experienced it, I can't really rely on this phone anymore, I've already put it for an exchange.",1.0
"It's a classic phone that offers the best anyone could ask for in this price range. Be it the built of the device or its features it is an all rounder. A phone should keep its user happy and satisfy all the needs and this one is too good in winning the users heart. Battery, display, camera, processor, memory everything is outstanding! Worth every penny! Its a true delight for budget makers!",5.0
"This phone is a beast. The things that could have been focused on are ""Fast charging charger as the 6000 mah battery took almost 3 hours to get fully charged"" & ""Back cover quality which seems to be cheap"". Except these this phone fares really well with this price tag.",5.0
I bought this product last week through Amazon. The camera is of high clarity and overall it is a really good phone. But there is something wrong with the mobile's microphone. During a call I end up sounding muffled or far off to the person on the other end even if I am using an earphone. It is really turning out to be a major issue due to the high strain with which I have to speak. I am thinking about returning back the product. Plus the battery too is running out a bit fast. Other than that the product is great and handy.,2.0
I am currently using IPhone 6s and bought M31 due to its camera quality shown in the description on Amazon. It has a 64MP/32MP {Rear/Front} camera however the picture quality is not very impressive rather I would say below average. So if you are planning to buy it for photography then don't go for it.Phone's battery performance is excellent.Display quality and touch is very smooth and responsive,3.0
"The product stopped working within 4 weeks of purchase. Bought this phone for my wife, a doctor who faced inconvenience and is left without a phone at such a time! Really disappointed as a Samsung fan! Have atleast 4 Samsung phones in my family including mine. Will evaluate viable options for future use",1.0
"Its been more than 4 month of purchasing this phone.1. Bettery is drained very fast, 6000 battery is only for name.2. Charger slowly charge battery.3. Phone get hanging just after view month.4. Sometimes lag is seen in some apps.5. Screen touch problem seen in phone.6. Camera is not that much good in this price range.7. Build quality is very poor.I recommend other brands phone, if there is negative rating i give it -10.",1.0
"I got this mobile just before lockdown. It was a real saviour for me  during this crisis time working from home  for office continuously.  It has excellent camera , plenty of memory working flawlessly supported me while attending office meetings over phone. I just loved the Amoled display that is available at such a good price. It is now my essential part of my business.",5.0
"2 weeks of me using it. I would recommend this phone to anyone. I am using this as an office phone. As sales, my phone is unstoppably ringinflg adding with COVID.Still battery lasts for 1.5 days which is a real boon.Suggest to confidently go ahead and buy this product.",5.0
"Mobile is good, but if i spend 20000 for a mobile, than i expect more than good..Ram -Rom is good, but believe me i am disappointed from camera quality, its need too much daylight to click a good picture or video.Overall camera quality is very poor..😞😞😞😞😞😞",3.0
Best at everything.Best UIBest battery life easily it goes oon for 1 and half day.Pretty decent Camera.Smooth working never faced any issue.RAM management is niceFingerprint scanner is very fast.By far the best deal for this price and if you can afford to pay extra 3k pr something then ho for M31s. Otherwise M31 is an awesome deal.  Trust me 3 months of usage and NO issues with this device.,5.0
"Fingerprint reader is Responsive for the quick unlocking of phone,Quad Cameras embedded in the phone are good and enough for a person to click the daily photographs, selfies and other casual pictures,Battery life cannot be expected to be better in a phone along with Good Cameras and 6GB RAM",5.0
"Camera Quality..1.1.Rear Camera quality is good but only problem is zooming pictures.2.Focussing on Objects is taking much time.3.Although Front camera is 32mp ,picture quality is not upto the mark..4.Compare to Realme2 , Internet speed is very slow at the same location and same time.This is very worst in this case.Some times I am connecting this internet by Realme 2 hotspot..",1.0
"You can rely this review completely because I am M31 user since 3 month.The good things about m311.Display quality 2.camera3.securitysystem4.updates5.performance 6.sound quality,expecially Dolby effect its superbNEGATIVE😡1.The main problem  m31 is network issue because with same sim others phones get speed network.2.Battery life it doesn't perform like a 6000mah still not too bad3.night mode camera is not that good",4.0
"Awesome Camera that help me to Record 4k videos for my YouTube Channel "" JOLLY Coaching ""Awesome Battery which let me enjoy everything for whole day from a single charge. It has long lasting battery life.Super Amoled Display really impressing, which looks like a premium mobile display.Really I love the Samsung,  Samsung mobiles and everything from Samsung,  because it not just a brand it is a most trusted brand of india.",5.0
"Performance avreage but ok as I already knew about it🔋 battery performance not as 6000mahCamera is quite good ,best in daylight and average in low.lightDisplay is very good and good colour reproductionCharging is quite slowNote:first I received a faulty smartphone with damaged fingerprint sensor,flashlight and a gap between frame and display but I got it replaced with a new one.",3.0
"Been using this for a week. If you are looking for the brand name Samsung and you need a phone under 20k, this is a good option. Display is awesome with super amoled screen. If you are a heavy gamer, this is not meant for you. But if you have a habit of watching movies while on long journey, this is awesome for you. Battery is a monster but the only drawback is that the charger is only 15 W . It could have been at least 18 W. Overall, really satisfied.",5.0
This seems like the first worthwhile phone by Samsung in years in this price.This phone got satisfying features.Really a good budget phone with big battery. Camera performance also awesome. I really got what I am looking for it.,5.0
"Let me rate out of 10Camera 9Battery 4(expected more life as it is 6000 mah but it lasts 1 day.)Screen 8( it is bright but colors are too vibrant, looks fake)HitsSize, price, built, cameraMissesBattery, bloatware,  front flash",4.0
Battery and camera are satisfactory but not good or very good as advertised. 6000mAH should come two days of full use but comes around 1 day only for normal usage (which is including some videos watch). Camera quality is not great when zooming,4.0
"Feel very cheated, received new phone working good but i compared my M31 with anothet M31 i found speaker was defective and sound was very low in comparison to the other M31.Replacement is scheduled.",1.0
After Switching on the new phone after delivery and installation of apps I am unable to unlock the phone. The touch screen is unresponsive. I checked all hardware by pressing *#0*#. Touch screen not working. Very much disappointed after getting a new phone. Can't believe its Samsung.,1.0
Phone is good but not satisfies with Camera quality as 64MP rear camera and 32MP for front.We captured many photos in night and sunlight too but when we zooming photos it's showing very blurr and not clear photos.It is very disappointed as per Samsung Camera quality always good which we used earlier.Rest all good.,3.0
"Have been using for more than 5 months. Great Built, Grip and size - fits nicely in hand. Specs are one of the best in this price range with great camera even in dim light. I had MotoG previous but this is next level phone. Battery life is Good and optimized for the phone. Dark mode and adaptive screen brightness are great. No lag found in games etc. Fingerprint sensor is quite sensitive. Overall a good Branded phone.",5.0
"I have been using this phone for last 15 day .1) Delivery was little ,not uptown the mark as the person was not trained.2) Finger print reader is good didn't feel any lag3) Camera is good for this category  .4)  I get 2 day of average  usage . Battery life .",5.0
The Samsung galaxy m31 is a great phone.With 6 gb ram we can play games like pubg and call of duty mobile with ease..With 64/128 gb storage we can store and save a lot of things on our phones.The best thing about this phone is that it gives you a great experience while using and its 6000 mah battery can last till 1 day or 1 and a half also.It takes 3 hours to fully charge and it's a great value for money .I hope this review was helpful,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I liked this product a lot. The service that Samsung provides is always upto the mark. The fingerprint is very nice, camera quality is very good, and touch is very smooth . Despite using it for a long time the battery life is unbelievable .For me this is the best phone in this range. Good storage, better sound and what not.I just loved it.😍👌",5.0
I am writing this review after 4 months. Fingerprint reader is not always responsive. That is the only negative I have. Phone battery is good. Camera is top quality. I commend Samsung for coming up with mid range phones for customers like me. I  booked two M31 and one M21 so far.,4.0
"I have used samsung galaxy m31 for a week now and it is one of the best phones I have used. For the price, the number of features are never ending. Very user friendly and huge battery.  I barely finish 50% of my battery in a day after a full day on streaming and video calls. The only issue is the face recognition which is a bit sluggish and sometimes doesn't read the face",5.0
"The camera is ultimate after having the primary camera as 64mp. The body of the phone is so sleek that it beats iPhone too. The face recognition feature is the best. This phone is best for people who want to buy a phone under 20,000. I hope all the buyers find it awesome and mind-blowing. I would give 5 star rating to all the features of the phone from the 64 mega pixel camera to the fingerprint scanner",5.0
"Display is hazy and yellow. Tried changing all possible contrast settings. But could not get it to work. Power and volume buttons not functioning. When I try to return the product, Amazon is asking to run a diagnostic app which has a rating of 2.2 on the app store. This was a gift for my mother but now I am having to to struggle to get it replaced...",1.0
My Samsung m31 model - problems and good.1. While charging phone is getting over heat2. Screen is not a good quality ( if fallen very very small distance it will broken)3. Signal problem.4. Camera is okay... fine. Not bad5. Battery good.,3.0
I was totally confused abt in which mobile should I go for den i decided to buy this mobile but before that I was too nervous regarding the performance of it but once I got it on my hand trust me I was too surprised just because of saw its quality even in low budget..I would like to give 5 out of 5 for this mobile trust me if you wanted to buy a mobile with budget as well as quality I would recommend you ..must go for it without any negative thoughts,5.0
"Phone has lot of heating issue..it gets heated on call,charging and when data is on...I purchased this phone on March 6th totally disappointed. Pls never ever buy this phone..and there is no return option..good for camera alone .there are radiation effects also.",3.0
It has excellent battery life and photo obtained from this phone  are superb. Fingerprint sensor also working normally. Speed and other operational features are very good. Overall it is a very nice option for medium class smart phone.,5.0
"I bought it for 10k with exchange offer, the price considering the brand seems great.Fast, reliable and very good ram management.Don't expect flagship camera but for a mid-range it does its work perfectly.I don't have any heating issues but u could feel the warm (even little hot) if you are a heavy gamer.",5.0
On checking the main rear camera I have found that a black spot is coming on screen. It is also appearing on the photos taken by the camera. Two photos are attached for your information. You will find in both the photos that black spot is appearing.,1.0
"Phone is not supporting 4G VoLTE. It shows 2G. Same sim when inserted in 4or old Mi note3 works on 4G. 6000mAh battery is a farce. It drains too fast even if you dont use the phone. And it's more than 10 days now, Amazon will not take return. I wasted Rs 17499.",2.0
Battery life is very good but the charging cable is a little short ... a longer cable would have been better for keeping the mobile safe while charging ... fingerprint sensor sometimes fails .... device itself is very fast and with 128 GB internal storage variant there is nothing more to add,5.0
Performance of the battery was not good as expected because it was drained very fastly. Sensitivity of touch was more if we are selecting something it was automatically considering others.  This is my fifth mobile and I am fully upset with this. I placed refund but it was not accepted. Don't but this product as a well wisher I am suggesting. It's up to you. Thanks,1.0
"Liked: As if now once charged we can use the phone one whole day without charging, features are good.Dislike: 1. SD card and Sim slot case is sensitive.2.Other game apps are preinstalled which are unnecessary it occupies space, off-course you can uninstall, my advice is that uninstall the apps which you are not in need.Overall good product, value for money.",4.0
The touch is not working at times as I bought this phone for my father as a gift but he is not happy with my gift and the voice at calling is too low to listen sometimes. I don't know how to assist him and make him satisfied with the phone.,2.0
"Fingerprint reader is excellent. Battery life one day when heavy use, 2 days at normal use. Supurb camera both back n front. Night selfi is not ok. During day its supurbbb.Overall phone is best at this prise. Amoled screen is lovely. No night stress of screen, screen auto brightness is supurb. Sound quality is also supurb.Must buy.. dont go other brands.Samsung is the best...",5.0
Excellent product.  More value for money. Excellent and advanced features. Dream phone for a moderate user. Battery is longer lasting than any other phone I used. Kudos to Samsung team.,5.0
"If you want a Daily driver, then go for it, I totally like it, yeah there are higher refresh rate phones out there but the amoled display more than makes up for it. The camera is also top notch for the price, the only caveat is that you will have to play games on high settings not on very high, and for a casual player that's more than enough. The body i not as premium as the competition but if you like practicality then it's okay for you.",5.0
"A good phone for the price. I really liked the user experience the smooth os, excellent display, good battery and also have to mention the fact that it's clutter free and simple and the best feature compared to other Chinese phones on the price range NO IRRITATING ADS IN THE OPERATING SYSTEM!",5.0
Best phone in this price..fingerprint is quiet good...we all know there is nothing to say about Samsung screen quality. Camera is awesome. Face unlock works well even in low light.. speaker is loud well..gaming is so smooth.. it comes with always on display which is a cool feature.. the best highlight is it's battery....it lasts for about 1and half day... it took 13.44minutes to reduce battery 100 to 99 percent with full brightness 480p YouTube playing....,5.0
"This is my 3rd Samsung phone till now and definitely the best and after 2 days of use I can say it is Mega and Monster of a phone with superb camera, very high battery life, amazing display, and lightning quick due to 6GB Ram.At 15999 it is a best buy when compared to other Chinese brands as you have trust of SAMSUNG.Just go for it 🙂",5.0
"I have been using M31. It's been a good choice. The performance is much better than chinese brands such as Oppo, Vivo, Realme MI etc at this range. I am playing Asphalt 9 and COD. It consumes almost 10% of the battery for every 1hrs 15mins of gameplay. It has the 60mAh battery which takes times to get fully charged",5.0
"The phone is awesome, battery life is to be mentioned specially, since optimization is great. It won't even reduced by 1% for the whole night, when the phone is idle. Fingerprint reader, gallery etc. are having fast response. Camera also is very good.",5.0
Worst mobile I have ever had.Lots of network issue due to poor hardware quality.Network switches from 4G to 2GTotally diss appointed by Samsung.I will not recommend to anyone to buy this mobile.I am writing this review after using the mobile 6 monthsTotal waste of money,1.0
"after using for more than a month, i am happy with the performance of the mobile, with 6 GB RAM and processing speed is fair enough. Display is excellent and look and feel is satisfactory, picture quality for the rear camera is excellent when objects/persons are close by from reasonable far may be more than 10meters quality deteriorates. front camera quality is amazing, can enjoy selfies.Value for money!!",5.0
I used to buy MI mobile but first time I bought this mobile but within short time I realised  as done the mistake. I have enough reasons to say this points1. Some times phone restarting automatically2. Some times apps are not working and showing message like your apps are not ready3. Some times i can make calls after switching to flight mode and then to normalElse after restarting.,2.0
There is no information about speed of data while we are using internet. And there is no fast charging it takes 2.5 hours to full charg. And audio jack pin given downside of the phone we cannot keep phone straight while connected to audio jack. Camera also not good as mi phones.I don't refer Samsung phone to anybody.,4.0
Best phone i have had till now. Amazing camera. Even the pictures taken in night are amazing if you use pro mode at night. Very decent for office work. I use google sheets in this phone sometimes for work purpose and it runs pretty smothely. Also very good for gamers. Has good graphics and will not hang while playing heavy games.,5.0
"Processor, Camera, design and all features are very nice. Battery backup is surprisingly very good. For gaming, this is really in terms of seamless experience. Super Amoled screen gives extra eadge to watching video streaming.Camera quality is superb with ultra detailing of images.Fingerprint reader highly sensitive and good.",5.0
Best phone in the category..Camera is awesome.Battery life is phenomenal.Display...OMG...it's a beast...the super AMOLED panel is literally the best and the beast.No complaints from the performance.Over all my recommendation is to definitely go for it...,5.0
I am just using this product from 6 month still I'm using. Its a very good product designwise looks very nice. camera quality 64MP (its just awesome). Battery is too good it feels like a massive one.Fingerprint/ Face lock reader also good.Overall product feature within medium range its very good.,5.0
Sleek design . It has got an excellent battery backup runs throughout the day.camera is just fabulous it got a clear image n pixels. Both rear and selfie camera comes with flash which is an added advantage.  Touch sensitivity is perfect. Processor is fast but could have been better compared to other models like one plus. I ordered it on the same day it was launched.  I would strongly recommend this phone to others. Overall it is a perfect model at nominal price.,5.0
Samssung Galaxy M31 mobile performance very  poor like Internet working  and bunch of ads in Samsung one UI where its irritating me and get help from Samsung what's up support but they was unable to solve problems and very poor knowledge of customer care executives,1.0
"Amazing mobile.the colour is amazing.Although the back cover is our plastic(not glass) but ut is best.light weight ,good quality camera and big battery.all rounder phoneI used to blog and I took a photo of sky and used one of filter given in phone's camera only,the photo was amazing.If you want a phone with best battery life,smooth functioning,good camera quality and all other functions,then buy this amazing product.",5.0
"Hangs too much and apps crash more often than not. Seems processor concern. Could give Snapdragon processor which other smartphones are offering within the same price range. But of course,  Samsung uses it own processor.Camera quality and battery life is wonderful except fingerprint reader which sometimes fail to scan even if finger is properly used.",3.0
Quality product1 best battery backup2 best display3 fast charge4smooth and touchy look awesome5 best sound quality and clarity6 available in best colour7 best camera quality8 6gb ram ( oxinos9611) cool and smooth drive9 128gb storage- best for my need10 no hang no kich kichh topSo i love m31,5.0
"This id one of the best phones I have ever had in my life. Overall performance and battery life is really good.About the features1. It got really fast finger scanner.2. The camera quality of the phone is really good and the night photo cam is best what I liked in the camera section.3. In the name of performance, it got a gaming booster, 6GB rm and its has one of the latest processors.",5.0
"I bought my Samsung galaxy M31 8gb|28gb Variant last month.Till  now i have no major concerns  with my phone .The main reason  for me to buy this phone was battery.Battery life  : If i charge it fully and make nominal usage like using whtsapp,insta,fb and calling it goes upto 2 daysIt takes around 120min to charge from 10 to 100%Overall battery  life is goodCamera is good.",5.0
"Touch not sensitive.Phone overall not as expected. My wife got M30 ,is excellent.Fast charging not happening.When you dial, before ring starts small music comes. Don't know why.Samsung has got M31&F41 same spec.",3.0
Its worst phone for this rate don't buy..its hang on some times..ram also more but slow process..only Canada is good...don't buy...don't recomande to any one...am also not chances to return..ie i hold it..waste for money...,1.0
ProsSlim and sleekAffordableDecent specsLots of camera hardwaresConsNot that impressive battery lifeIt freezes occasionallyCamera is not that great,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Its one of the best phone! I have been using M31 for 2 months, for me the battery goes 4days (96+ hours) with 10 hours of Screen On, Or I can get about 15-16 hours of SOT in one day, but it depends on USAGE and APPS, but the battery endurance is Perfect for me, I have been waiting for M51 (or I hope there will be a M71) to come to my country.",5.0
Both these 3 facilities are very godd in quality. For last 8 years I was using Samsung Galexy Note 3 Neo mobile without any complaints.  M31 is ricj enough in its quality and performance.,5.0
Samsung galaxy M31 is one of the best midrange mobile. I bought it just 15999.1. Value for money.2. Camera quality is very impressive  and super.3. Display is amazing. Very high quality display.4. Battery power is extraordinary.  Normal usage battery  backup is more than 2 days. Unbelievable  battery power.5.looks very smart and slim. Not much weight.Everything is perfect. It's the top best midrange mobile. No doubt.,5.0
Upper portion of the phone is getting heated after using it for very short period.....and even when making a call for 2-3 minutes same thing is being experienced.....but lower portion of the phnoe seems fine...also called Amazon technical support to check about this....they checked my phone through servify app...told me all are ok....if anyone facing same thing....please let me know....is it a common issue?,1.0
Nice phoneWorth of every penny  as by its name it is a Mega monster with mega camera and with a monster battery  and display is superb. Touch is ultra smooth sound quality is little bit low but ok and I loved it's UI as I'm a samsung user and I love samsung UI very much. In last nice phone I loved it. I bought 6gb 128gb in 16999/- and happy with Amazon service. Worth buying it....😍😍😍,5.0
If you are planning to buy this mobile please keep break on ur plans because this mobile have lot of problems. After using of 2 month I am suggesting this to other people so they can not stuck in this worthless product. Even I dont have store data or not installed much more size of app this mobile get hang on simple FB app.Battery is not work as they mention in ther feature. Camera and touch sensors are of good quality.,1.0
Phone is getting heated. Network delay is there. It's taking a very long time for a call to get connected. Once a call is connected there is nearly a delay of 5 seconds in hearing the opposite parties voice. People are complaining that my voice is continuously breaking when I am speaking from this phone and the opposite parties voice is also continuously breaking and I couldn't hear them properly. Apart from this the other features of this phone and it's appearance are all very good.,3.0
The phone looks promising in terms of features at the price it is offered at.cons:1. Battery is not living upto the expectation which was claimed by manufacturer.2 the sound output from speaker is less which becomes difficult to listen in noisy environments.3. In screen fingerprint  scanner is something sported by all other phone manufacturers should have been incorporated.,4.0
Overall Fantastic Phone. I bought M31 after I broke my MI note5 proPronsBest CameraFantastic BatteryBest ScreenVery Good UIDark Mode is fantasticAlways Display is also very goodCons:Screenshot Gesture I didn't liked that great where we have to use palm. It would be great if there was feature Gesture like 3 fingure Swipe or 2 fingure Swipe.Apart from this no Cons.I love the Phone.,5.0
First of all i am thankful to Amazon for fastest delivery. AND thank you samsung India for manufacturing such a master piece. It is such a proud moment to see made in India logo everywhere.And don't listen to people saying that this camera doesn't have 64 mp. It actually has 64 mp camera which is very brilliant. I am very very happy with this product,5.0
overall good performance.But call details get auto erased sometimes. time wise call logs were seperate for each contact will make a difficulty. Show last use of contact and all call logs will get by pressing it will be good. it is less network connectivity speed seen in my 2 galaxy M3l Phones of 64gb &128gb while comparing with my old Honor 9N.No provision for check the Networkconnectivity speed,5.0
"Camera quality is very worst .both front and rear camera ,clarity of pic  was not so good and as we zoom the pic ,pixels start torn.Also I Got almost 1 month used phone,when I complaint about this to tech he didn't  even ready to listen and when I show him the used of phone than only he submitted  that it was used and went away without even giving a satisfactory  reply to me. I asked him to put a return request of m31",1.0
I am writing this review after 1 month of using Samsung M31.- Design and lookGood Design with shiny color.- ProcessorNo hang and lag issue. Running smooth.- SensorsFingerprint little bit sensitive. Sometimes not catching.Face unlock working fine.Compass showing correct.- CameraCamera picture quality is awesome 👌Also Video features are fine.,5.0
"Screen, battery greatBuild quality, performance we can't expect much for this price...Camera is good for general purpose.Fingerprint sensor is quick.Back panel gets scratches so better used with cover from day one.Battery charging takes more time bt we get great battery life.No heating issues in 15 day use.Sound quality is great in earphones speakers also work well..",4.0
M31 is good for an average user. I'm a regular user & I'm happy about the product. Don't compare this with Redmi or Poco phones since those are good at performance but this lags a bit & you could feel those lags.But the main reason I took this was of Samsung's one UI. The UI is much better than other OEMs.Overall the phone is good.And of course the cameras are good too.,4.0
"So far, I'm really enjoying the phone. It has all the amazing features you can need as a student. Hoping that it lasts for long! The camera quality is good for a phone in its range, the fingerprint reader works well and the battery life is amazing - plus it charges really fast!",5.0
I am a core samsung user i always use mobile of samsung brand only...currently i am using M31 and it is a great phone with awsome features like its camera or the battery power the display i like them all...all this feature in very reasonable budget and i exchange it with my previouse phone samsung j8 in amazone and i get good exchange price in it....i recommend others to buy M31 and i am very satisfied in shopping with amazon,5.0
"The Sim slot 1 is not effectively for providing net.The Amazon Agent named some Mr Chauhan has not brought Debit Card swipe Machine with him for COD Rs 19499/-.Therefore I have to run 7 kms for withdrawal of cash. I paid him Rs 19500/- in cash and requested, if he has no one Rs then put Rs 1/- in my Amazon account, till date he did not do so.",3.0
Fingerprint reader is not quick like my older phones.Battery life I really liked.Sometimes i can't receive incoming calls as it gets changed.The keyboard doesn't open to give input which is intermittent but faced 5 times so far.These some of the above bugs are annoying & makes me wonder why did I waste money on this,2.0
Pros-The display and camera are the best in this range. The display has natural colors and picture quality is goodThe better stays for 11/2 days on regular useCamera is goodCons-The network reception is low. As compared to other mobiles reception strength its always 5to6 db less,4.0
This is perfect Mobile in the market. Standard quality and no compromise on the other parts in mobile. Camera is better than other Chinese mobile. Battery life is too high. So I am satisfied with this Samsung M31 smartphone.,5.0
"It's too good phone. I am loving it 😍Camera quality is best. Night Mode, macro mode, wide angle are really nice.Front camera with 32MP is at it's best. Even if you zoom the photo taken by front am, to the fullest, pixels are pretty clear, no blur or image damge.It's too much value for Money. Must buy if you want have a really good ph at this budget 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👌🏻I am actually promoting, recommending this phone to family members!",5.0
"The worst phone ever. Everyday there is a new problem. Simple apps like calculator and samsung notes does not work. Phone does not charge properly. Google maps does not work. All that works on this phone is the camera, and absolutely nothing else. Terrible product, not worth a penny because it literally does not function. Can't believe that a company like samsung makes such a poor product.",1.0
When I opened the packet the mobile already in power on stage. This is bad .,3.0
"Well, this was the phone i was personally waiting for as an upgrade, cause the features well, they were a first in segment and optimally priced, the camera is next level when compared to the alternatives and the battery gets me a whole day with some more juice left!! (I'm a heavy user) finger print reader is faster than other phones in this segment!! Light weight to handle with a way better screen and better touch response.",5.0
"I waited for the phone around 1 month and I don't regret it at all.Sometimes gets slower,Fewer times got hanged(personal experiences only)Night camera is efficient enough not bad altogether.Amazing interface and display,Sound quality is good and touch is smooth.Just a bit expensive than it should beOverall best phone of Samsung under 18000.""Keep updating the software Samsung"".You'll love the photography with the phone.",4.0
The phone is nice for its price.  Battery would go 1.5 days for sure for a normal user like me.Camera and display qualified my expectations after the updates.All packed a nice go for this price range.And yea.  Just today my 1 year old superstar throw the phone over the wall with the a swing.  And its survived withouts a scratch.  So durability proved.,5.0
"Phone is simply awesome. I enjoy the full display. Though there are lot of other brands which provide same full display, because of Samsung i bought this. 1But the problem is with the weight. You can't handle in one hand. If so it will slip",4.0
"So many issues with this phone. 3.5 mm jack stopped reading mic, the port is fine it's the software issue. The phone doesn't charge often, again software issue. They are pushing updates but these problems persist from the beginning.",2.0
"Really a monster in this budget. Fingerprint reader is of small area but still good enough to catch your fingerprint. Camera quality is fantastic with so many modes , especially for professional photographer. Battery life is more than a day even on a gaming of 3-4 hours a day. Specially space black is more classy than ocean blue (depends personal). Overall, worth to buy.Duration of use while review : 2 months",5.0
"Working fine as of now, feels similar to M21 and M30 in terms of look and handling, yet to test all features. Camera is good but not sure if it's really as great as usually said.",4.0
"I bought it to replace Chinese Redmi note 7 pro, and it served the purpose. Only face reading is slow in comparison to Note 7 pro. It should have come with a back cover but Samsung is not providing even at this cost. Samsung should learn from Chinese phone companies how they serve the needs of people.",4.0
"Camera,quality good, battery average  performance not as 6000mah ,finger good. Mobile looks like nice.Mobile hang frequently and sometimes auto restat and off .even sometimes mobile screen show Samsung just like , when someone call me then ringing to caller side and here no call and ring feel,,  screen only show Samsung.Overall i irritates from mobile after 1months of purchases.",1.0
Very poor performance.. camera is ok not bad . But very slow net speed .. opening app time is relatively fast but after internet is very slow .... mthis phone taking much more time to open any web site ... remaining everything is ok ..Fast changing is not far like they said .. 30 mins charging it charging 20% but my old Samsung is 30% charged at same time . I have found this two major drawback.,1.0
I was very doubtful about this phone before buying but I have a chance to samsung. And guess what it turned out to be a awsm phone.I actually doesn't accept this amazing product from samsung.But samsung really surprised me.I am very happy with the productAnd moreover I will recommend this phone in this price range.It is best phone ever.Best battery lifeBest displayBest processsorBest gaming experience.Worth buy,5.0
Found to be handy for quick shot either photo or video with all available feature within reachable price.Camera is brilliant with all minute information covered.Excellent product from Samsung with lot of innovation which can be affordable for common man. Works good in night modes also.Happy to have one in the initial stage itself & looking for many more products from Samsung which can reach all walks of life.Brilliant product.,5.0
"Product is very nice good looking working pace,storage, functioning etc, all good but coming to battery capacity draining too fast.  usually battery @6000 mAhcapacity been expected to run for a longer period of time than 4500 or 5000 battery capacity smartphones but slightly dissatisfied with this model. It hardly stands till a single day with wifi connect with moderate usage and not even installed any game.",3.0
"I have been using this phone over a month and the performance is good value for money.The battery life is good, multiple apps usage is smooth. Picture quality clicked from rear/front camera is also great with good features. Would recommend buying this smartphone.",5.0
"After a long time (as my previous experience with Samsung was worst) ,I again thought for purchasing Samsung smartphone because of the absence of the other smartphone brands. Just a 1 month old.. and this phone fed up me with its software issues.. without my click it automatically directing my screen to another page or another areas... Disguisting Samsung.... I will not recommend anyone to buy Samsung.",2.0
It's been 1 month since I bought the Samsung M 31S phone.  This phone is extremely hot while using it. 5 times this phone is automatically turned off.  call and sound coming Display not coming: Is there any way to buy this phone and give it a new one?  .  .  Don't buy Samsung M 31S phone any more ',1.0
Its been just 12 days of purchase and the phone is automatically getting restarted anytime. So i am disappointed by this problem  and product and would request amazon to replace this phone.,1.0
"The phone is working nicely as its around two months since I am using, the most significant advantage is high capacity battery, and the power mode is a cool feature. The camera is nice, even good who wants to scan documents on a regular basis as a scanner is by default. Though Volume of the speaker is not up to the mark but the Dolby atoms supported by Bluetooth speaker or earphone/headphone makes the experience better.",4.0
I very recently bought this product and I think I used it for approximately 20-30 days when there was an issue with the display. The phone didn't respond to my touch and there was a crazy case of ghost touches. Now I have to get the display changed . The fact that a brand new phone is givin me troubles is not appreciated and I would suggest the people who are considering to buy this to consider again.,1.0
"I've been using this phone over a month now, I don't face any issues in battery, touch, display, finger sensor, etc. Everything os working pretty well actually.I love the back camera it gives you so much details and depth, front camera is okay.Battery life is superb, I'm a hardcore user and still it manages to give me 24 hrs of battery life which is amazing.Go for it, this is not a Chinese product haha.",5.0
"Samsung is a brand anyone can believe it with both eyes closed. So awesome product.... But Price should be within 15K, other Companies has given this specification within this range... Otherwise it's a good choice to make your own...",4.0
"I have been using this phone since 3 months and till date I haven't faced any problem with it. At a reasonable price it has top class features that live up to the hype. Camera and battery are its key strengths. Also I find it easy to shift, copy and paste files from one folder to another which is a feature lacking in other similarly placed android phones.",5.0
Notification on the top bar of the phone is not coming whenever any mails are coming in my inbox.Hence the phone has all the other qualities one requires in their phone,3.0
Received the product with defect in accelerometer sensor and ordered for replacement and that was also a defective one as there was a improper fixing of mobile back cover around camera. It looks like there was a swelling of mobile around camera and finger sensor,1.0
"Overall good android phone with plastic back, nice colour and weight distribution.Good Amoled screenCamera 📷 not upto mark indoors, but nice outdoor results.",4.0
Finger reader is not upto the mark it takes time to open the phone after placing finger on censor camera quality needs to improve. Battery life is good .I am using 2 sim and it drains when I reach home  .full day battery life after using 2 sim. The size needs to reduce the weight is ok since the battery is 6000mah. Overall I give 7 out of 10 where 10 stands for highest satisfaction.,4.0
Samsung Galaxy M31 is exceptional in 64mp camera and it gives wide range camera is also incredible to capture everyone in my family photo. When it comes to battery power is long last for 36hrs if we use it with internet and playing the game with smooth without any interruption. Even the processor help me to do multiple task at the same time. At last Samsung Galaxy M31 is incredible.,5.0
"Oveall the phone is good in performance like the battery is long lasting, camera setup is also good. Lastly all I can say is if one is having a budget between 15 to 16k and looks not an issue then go for M 31 as you got a 64mp quad camera amoled display for which samsung mobiles are known for, aslo 6000mah battery which is huge, phone is also not very much heavy so you can buy this.",5.0
"After using this phone for almost 1 month following are the pro's and Con'sPro's - Massive battery life ,fast charging,good,infinite u display 6.4 inch screen , 64 mg pixel camera,Cons -well as.of now with this price range this is a good phone which covers your basics very well so i would say there are cons and it depends what your requirement and what aspect you are comparing and the benchmark",5.0
"Don't go for this phone if you see it's configuration. I never expected from this from Samsung. Camera quality is absolutely poor. Where is 6000 mah battery performance. They says its fast charging. Comparatively it's very slow in charging. Overhaul,  nothing is better.",2.0
Network issue with this handset. Make sure before purchasing Samsung M31 phone. Don't go with this phone.,1.0
Samsung M31 automatically restarts.. ram  processor is worst.. i have had a very bad experience of this phone.. phone slows down a bit then it hangs and which results in automatic restarting the phone.. bcoz of this i loose my data or the things I was working on.. i have been facing this bad experience since first day I received my mob.. initially i thot that some update might be coming .. but then lockdown began and I was unable to reach customer service centre. I hope Samsung will look into the matter at the earliest and provide a appropriate solution for the same..,1.0
Screen is ExcellentBattery works very GoodExternal Speaker is  loud enoughCamera is DecentSoftware is very goodAds and Bloatware can be PersonalizedPerformance for gaming is OK PUBG & Asphlt 9 works OK enoughPlastic Back Build Gets Scratched very easily no gorilla protection on Back cover so iNo Screen Guard and Back Cover includedUSB cable is short,5.0
I found only 10 watts Charger in the box in place of 15 watts standard one. It is a big pilferage by the company which is not expected from Samsung or Amazon. I read 15 watts Charger in the specifications of this model in different web pages.Amazon should replace this 10 watts supplied Charger with standard rating of 15 watts fast rating Charger.,3.0
"Overall performance is best , you can access PUBG within 11 seconds , battery performance is higher , back camera is superb but selfi is sometimes fade you not satisfactory with selfi , exynos 9611 overall performance best..you can charge other cell phone via M31 its have huge 6000mah..You can buy M31 without thinking..Go for M31 its built your life with super Amoled screen , superb graphics and many more...........",5.0
"I am using this phone  for around  2 months  ,its been good handy gadget in a reasonable price, battery  is also amazing  it has got 2 days life, finger print  are fast sensor,  camera quality  is super cool ,high details  both for outdoor  in day and night time ,colour  are so original, and the selfie  camera is outstanding,  and to mention  it has got outstanding  sound quality, overall  i am pleased  with Samsung.",4.0
It's an worst purchase by me first time since I use Amazon for last 3 years. The touch is not working at all. Even you need to press & hold every single tip. But after few times it's started to hang. The worst worst one. Heard from lots of friends about several times to not buy Samsung phone as many complains are there but upon my trust on Samsung I bought it. And fell in the trap of bad experience.,1.0
Fingerprints reader is good as other brand like mi note 8.Camera is good as per Samsung m series.Battery life is just ok ok bcoz I am using with less apps still it works for one day only.Feel some hanging problem and response is slow as usual with other Samsung phone.Face recognition is not so good working slow and some time working and some time giving suggesting to unlock via other security unlock option.I would like to give 2.5 out of 5.,3.0
