review,rating
Worst calling mic. I have issue with mic. It's not working properly. I need help for repair in warranty claim.,2.0
"After 2 month ,while calling we received distrubunce....",2.0
i am using a dell laptop and that is recently bought it doesnt stay connected. not a great function,2.0
This product has difficult to connect with devices...,2.0
"The quality of the item is not as price & brand,it is far below quality of standard local earphone",2.0
I had Sennheiser cx275 earlier and comparing the same with the Oneplus Bass edition felt bit slackiness in music and the bass department,2.0
Noise totally wrost very Bad,2.0
Bass is high and feels very Un-natural... Battery drains quick....,2.0
Its working superb in latest mobiles. But not working in old mobiles.,2.0
The connecting issues are there so much.In my nokia 7.1 it does not work properly.☹️☹️I am very disappointed ONEPLUS...,2.0
"It creates disturbance while operating the volume button, the item is faulty",2.0
"In first week of the usage, it working fine. But now I can hear disturbance when take calls.",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Quality product but ears are paining when we listen in low sound also",2.0
Bass quality is good but not pairs fast with Bluetooth . Like real me. And not adjust ear perfectly,2.0
Everything is ok ..but ...not good for ..calling purpose ..coz too much extra ..noise is there on calling,2.0
I never expected this from OnePlus mic problem getting disturbance while speaking need to check the Mic Problem,2.0
Never buy it because it is not working properly in open environment.like when I am cycling it is not working.,2.0
Battery backup so much Bad... this Bluetooth only work 13 Hours ...Plz Don't waste your Money 💰,2.0
Very good and very smooth in touch,2.0
It doesn’t fit properly in the ear and falls out pretty easily,2.0
Battery drains very fastly use after 2 weeks,2.0
Getting severe pain in ears after 1/2hr usr,2.0
I have found a defective model its microphone was not working fine,2.0
I have buy two headphone  both become defective after 4-5 hrs of delivery.,2.0
I am using 3 month but left said spikar is not working and loos cabal is very bad,2.0
Over all not Good in terms of System Features and Quality,2.0
"After just amonth scatchy sounds could be heard while listening, Disappointed. 😕",2.0
Voice disturbing in callingI ordered again,2.0
Poor audio quality,2.0
It's not a new product.kindly sent new box for replacement without fail,2.0
Some irritating noise from right side ear phone,2.0
Sound quality is not upto mark. It usually works in straight distance.,2.0
Bass quality is very poor. Sound quality is average. Noise cancelling is very bad,2.0
"I bought this headphone and one ear is not working, now I want my money back",2.0
Don't Buy. Sound is better. Base is not Good.,2.0
Wrost Experience Everytime Bluetooth connection loss,2.0
Had to Return it as i didn't like the sound quality.,2.0
I purchased this item and after two months its sounds gets distorted,2.0
One side complaint in 10 days don't buy  this product waste of money,2.0
One side earphone not working properly please how to replace process,2.0
Ear will pain on using long duration. Sound is okish,2.0
Good quality but battery are not gud,2.0
The earphones gets disconnected with the laptop randomly.,2.0
It didn't work after 6 months automatically,2.0
Stand by mode in battery drain west product,2.0
On  off button not working properly,2.0
It's not working after 4 month use,2.0
"The Battery life is very less, it comes only 8hrs",2.0
"The treble is to high , it hurts when u listen to a song on higj volume .",2.0
After using 10 days right side of earphone is not working,2.0
Battery problem,2.0
Bettry problem,2.0
Ok,2.0
Bass is too much... In every condition,2.0
Voice not good,2.0
Normal,2.0
Worst product,2.0
Nice products,2.0
It's not warking properly,2.0
Good,2.0
Good,2.0
Samething,2.0
Not good,2.0
Bass quality not good..,2.0
No,2.0
"Noise cancellation very bad ,",2.0
During call very bad performance,2.0
,2.0
No bass addition,2.0
not like,2.0
recently I brought this earphone and after some time of music playing hearing a cracking sound . I tried to reset the earphone by volume up and down key pressing simultaneously but it did not help . so i replace the item late update the review after hearing sound on replaced itemAfter replace order still cracking sound is here don't waste your time on unit i have model number E304AIf you have this model number return it,2.0
"Everything about the headphones is good except for durability. I purchased this in January, and it died after 5 months. The customer service center at Seawoods, Navi Mumbai is so horrible. Not at all organized. In the trips that I made to the service center. I can buy another headphones to be honest.",2.0
"Very disappointed,, without bass,, so not given marks,, waste of money,, don't go for it.... please choose boat or realme",2.0
Noice cancellation should improved.Bass 5*Battary 5*Comfort 3*Built quality 5*Connectivity speed 5*Price is bit over.,2.0
says it has an ip60 rating but i used it while running for a month and one side stopped working. othwe than that osund quaity and balance is good.,2.0
Connttiy problemOne off problemSound guality wowRange problemNot ?????????????????not like me this product but sound guality very osam,2.0
"it work excellent for months ,but then later stoped connecting .just stay away if u want a product with better life",2.0
Better go for sony wi310.worst product.i havent listen the music as much worst than this.cheap quality product.sound quality is not good.remaining things all are good,2.0
Sound is decent but worst thing is when it's connected a white light keeps blinking which is very irritating and disturbing specially in dark.,2.0
Sound quality is good..battery backup is awesome..but product material quality is worst....Not good as expected....Disliked the product..Buy at riskjl,2.0
"Google assistant doesn't works at all, sound quality is decent...low base....the only good thing is battery backup and it also charges quickly!!!",2.0
After 6 months this product have many problems like switch off on nd also sound problem and after more 3 months this will not work properly.,2.0
Worst sound quality compared to basic edition is the best .Call quality totally bad.my money wasted 2000 rupees .Bad base quality,2.0
Very bad experience. Not working after 2 days of use. Going to change this. I felt like looted by one plus.,2.0
"Battery drained early, not price worthy, even I didn't used it for 30 days, it's drained early, so don't buy it",2.0
"Poor mic quality...make too much noise while in a call,for other stuff its ok.but call qualiy is very poor. We",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Calling problems",2.0
