review,rating
"Pros - light weight, good battery lifeCons - with antivirus , and other high end softwares laptop is dead slow. Booting is slow when you use it first time.How to improve performance - uninstall Mcafee from the system. Disable unwanted programs in the start up. Disable express VPN.",3.0
this product didnot work properly according to my desires,2.0
"Don't get carried away by price . Not suitable for graphic designers, anyone into photoshop of visual mediums through computer..graphics are terrible, colors are muddled and dark.I should have.done better research.What I do like about it is it's very light weight and airy !",3.0
Many review is sayings it’s SSD but the description is HDD and I got HDD it takes normally around 10 mins to boot up and very very slow laptop.,1.0
"Just OK product for daily basic functions like browsing, Spread sheet and Word editing.Comes with a Windows 10.Doesn't include MS office.Good resolution.Battery backup for 4 hr max (if you are playing music and videos)",3.0
Value for the money...Best budget lap ever...,5.0
"Nothing to dislike in this price range, I bought it for content writing and seo article writing. Though Microsoft 365 is in trial version but I simply have a way around it. However I would suggest you guys to use hp and macfee collaborated security. Overall I am loving it let's see how long it sustains.",5.0
"MS Office was valid for 4 days only, seller has not mentioned complete details. It's cheating. Pls do not buy as it will waste if you purchase MS office of Rs 5K. Instead invest this 5k to buy more advanced version along with MS office access too.",3.0
"This laptop is best in it's price range :) But DON'T buy this laptop for gaming purpose . It is only good for normal day to day uses like surfing, photo editing, etc.✅Although Battery backup is awesome. It charges quickly!✅Display is average *✅This is not a light weight laptop ^✅Processing speed is SLOW* also sometimes it hangs too.✅Allover I am happy with this laptop cause I do normal work (I don't play games 😅 )& I recommend you to buy this if your budget is under 25000₹",3.0
"Item as described, super fast delivery. Will review the laptop after a few weeks of use.",5.0
"Review after using it for 2 weeks continuously:1. The system is a bit slow to start, but after initial start it's fine.2. Best for office use.3. No heating issues.4. Battery lasts upto 8-9 hours for a normal office use.5. Light weight. Easy to carry.6. Do not expect to play games like pubg, cod, etc. It will give you a bad gaming experience.Overall it's a good laptop at this pricing for a normal use.",4.0
I brought it in exchange of my old one for my daughter s school. All was pre installed.Speed is very good. After pressing the switch it's make it ready in know time. Almost 20 days over no operational issus detected.,5.0
Out of the box and found out that this ones horribly slow. Take way too long to open simple chrome browser. Waste of money,1.0
discovered a defected software within the first 5hrs of use which the hp guys can't even fix and they won't let you return. Don't buy this product unless you want to donate your cash. The hp team will be brutal when you contact them. Wish i could give them a 0 star rating.,1.0
"The speed is very slow even to just see the photos and videos.. sole purpose I’ve purchased this laptop is to watch movies and surf stuffs, see photos  tu is but it’s even slower for this basic operations .. display screen is extremely shady and glare .. if you’re watching movie just aside then you won’t be able to see the picture",4.0
"My son cannot attend school sessions which happens on microsoft team.The product hangs only with teams running with no other applications. I have optimized all startup programs, settings on microsoft teams (h/w acceleration, animation off etc). But teams sucks the processor and RAM.Hence this product doesnt serve the purpose, if you are going to use microsoft teams.",1.0
Even pentium IV processors worked very fast compared to this processor. The worst laptop i have ever seen. AMD is a garbage. The whole windows 10 freezes after an hour. Remove windows 10 and use linux for gods sake. Seriously!!! 24k is wasted.,1.0
"Please check before buying...I am not happy with the service of hp.its look like a toy....sorry toys are better then this .....very slow ...I am giving 3 marks out of 10......you can use this laptop only for Facebook,email,movies only......for.other work you need other laptop for office work ......say no to online ....no one can listen you.Waste of money ......",1.0
"I purchased this Product after reading many Reviews, expecting a good product. But when I received the product, look was the only thing that attracted me.It's too slow. Only a word or an excel file takes 4 minutes to open. Can not even work for normal office things.",2.0
The system crashes every time during use.  I want to return this product.  1st time facing such bad service issue from Amazon.  Its says before returning technician will come. Since last 2days they are supposed to come..no one is calling or coming.  I want to return this laptop. Its really defective.,1.0
"Best laptop in the budget, but RAM sIZE s very low so WE FEEL LAG OF COURSE",4.0
Picture display not good no HD not satisfied,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Sir product is but sound speaker is not good working  I want to change this product I want other one",3.0
It's very bad item it is not working properly please its request to help me,1.0
It’s a Great laptop for office useAnd great in battery life,5.0
Why the laptop is freezing just when using microsoft teams application only.Is it not capable to handle this for online classes?,1.0
"MS Office was valid for 4 days only, seller has not mentioned complete details. It's cheating.",4.0
Too slow n keep. On hanging not even good for my 7 year old,1.0
"It is fast, good for regular office/home work.",5.0
VERY NICE,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Slow, hanging, waist of money",1.0
Good battery life and is very useful for normal office use for this priceAnd another plus point it looks good and is easy to carry,4.0
Plz don't buy this product vry slow processor. When we attached pendrive it nt wrkng properly,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   This product is good for students and for study purpose",4.0
"HP , all the keypad an all.is local sometime everything coming up , ensure that please replace the laptop immediately,  my emi is also started",1.0
Yet I haven't used it for programming purposes. But of you are looking for home based need. This is the laptop for you.,5.0
Good,5.0
Hp lap top order yesterday recivied.today see screen damage,1.0
product is not working proper.made from cheap and poor quality of plastic.laptop is light weight because its made from poor quality plastic.,1.0
Awesome working laptop for students,5.0
as discussed with customer services HP  ms office sticker not tag in laptop  how connect your customer service desk regarding the same,1.0
Worthless laptop..don't buy,1.0
Product is good overall. But Processor is somehow slow Processing. Hardware is good overall.,4.0
Ordered New Laptop but received used Laptop with user login and password locked.Didn't expect this kind of service from amazon.,1.0
Damm slow can't even do anything on this,1.0
"Good laptop, good for handling.HD display of laptop is fine.Laptop battery also durable.Laptop os is also good.",4.0
The system takes a lot of time to boot. It is ok for kids and their first laptop to run some basic applications,2.0
Worst product. It is unable to run (properly ) simple software or primary applications.Very very slow.,1.0
It start to heat in only 30 minutes.Not a good product. And Now i can't return it. It is an useless product.,1.0
Super. Not full hd,5.0
Good product with best price,5.0
"And there is no option backlight key ,we are unable to work on night without light",1.0
Using for classes and a lil bit surfing. Overall NICE for normal daily use.,4.0
Very much hangs. Irritation,3.0
"Superb, first day worked very fast, after 2nd working slow but product is good.",4.0
Velue of money best price,5.0
I cant activate Microsoft 19,1.0
Defect laptop received . Showing Hard Disk failure highly disapponted,1.0
"Battery back up is good, system is bit slow, but for basic use it is perfect",4.0
Value for money. Light weight. But not anti-glare.,5.0
The system is hanging not able to work,2.0
Very good and nice productBut cost is high,5.0
I liked the product so much.,5.0
"Not a good product, it's hang whenever start.",1.0
Good product,5.0
"Very bad performance,.only 1 month use and laptop hang...",1.0
Good product for the price,4.0
Good but so lag in its battery life 4 hour,4.0
Its Made in china product,1.0
You must purchase,5.0
Best pc,4.0
For me at this price it's best,5.0
Super,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Value for money,5.0
It’s definitely value for money,4.0
Good products I got from amazon thank you Amazon,5.0
"Light weight, perfect for everyday task",4.0
Value for money,5.0
Slow,1.0
Very good laptop,5.0
Good Laptop.,4.0
Value  for  money,4.0
Speed and sturdy,5.0
Super,5.0
What a control buy this laptop and smooth grapichs wowWowWowAwesomeExcellentGoodGoodGoGoGoBuy,5.0
"The laptop is good only for doc work and net surfing.Issue being pentium gold is a weak processor and only good for battery saving.If you think of anything else like gaming or development using IDE please buy an 8th gen core i3 or AMD Ryzen 3 3200u or above laptop.BTW ryzen 3 laptops are cheaper and perform as good and have better  integrated graphics.(so save money and put that in more RAM and ssd)Also it has only single RAM slot, so you would never be able to run it on dual channel memory .Please remember dual channel ram + ssd is the key to smooth performance.Ssd alone will only make startup and shutdown fast but applications benefits from more memory bandwidth.",1.0
"It's no doubt that this laptop is a great buy. It sells for this cheap price and you are still getting the best of it.But if you want something even better with the same money for value aspect then definitely go for this Acer laptop over hereJUST SO YOU KNOW ITS A 14inch laptop and it doesn't comes with a DVD drive.-Build quality-top notch with light weight design.-Battery life- great, 6hours plus-Performance-smooth-Display-good-Track pad - more than usable-Lifetime WINDOWS 10-Permanent MICROSOFT OFFICE ACTIVATION-SSD drives which makes your system flyWhat else do u need...",5.0
"I have found 2 issues with the HP laptop I bought from Amazon . It’s a 2 week old laptop as per date .The HP laptop often looses wifi connectivity. I never had issue with wifi on other laptops I used earlier . I had to reconnect to wifi manually and again the connection drops . I have little or no confidence whether the laptop would stay connected to wifi .The other issue is the print on the keys of the laptop . Print started to fade already . With a bit more laptop usage , the print on the Keys E, R, D,C and V will appear much lighter than the rest of the keys . Overall not very much satisfied with my purchase .",2.0
"Within 5 months of purchase the internal SATA HDD crashed. 1TB Western DIgital internal HDD. Battery is amazing 10 hours backup with 1 hour fast charge, keyboard feels like Mac Keyboard, DIsplay is amazing. Now i have replaced the internal HDD with Solid State Hard drive which has increased the speed to reasonable speed, but the Western Digital internal HDD was giving pathetic speeds. Also note , onle 1 RAM slot is giving on motherboard, which has 4GB Ram, if you want to upgrade to 8GB or higher ,this RAM is wasted.",1.0
Don't buy,2.0
"At this price point it is a reasonable laptop. SSD make it super fast. Couple of drawbacks to be aware of: Display is only HD. If you are used to Full HD, you will immediately feel the dull display. The Wifi adapter supports only 2.4 GHz. This is very disappointing, since nowadays even a 10K phone has dual channel Wifi. However, this can be easily fixed with a USB wifi dongle.",3.0
Purchased on 1/10/2019.till today good.no one issue from this laptop.,5.0
Within 6 months usage the hinges broke from one side. Very poorly made laptop. 4 gb ram is useless for even basic usage. Added 4 gb extra thrn only it works. Power backup is not predictable. It shuts down with just one sign of battery is low...,2.0
Good buy,5.0
"Speakers are not working properly, sound not at all clear, working well for one day only. There is no option to return this item",1.0
It came a defective object later faced a lot of problems with exchange do not buy anything from this seller Very Offensive,1.0
Old processor . It is not returnable  . O want to return it but it doesn't do.,2.0
Pathetic config very slowIt's recommended for 60's people any application takes ages to openWorst device never go for it,1.0
