review,rating
"Drill bits are good and can get through anything with balanced amount of pressure. The only problem is with the screw bits, used it only a single time and it's really blunt now doesn't work anymore.",4.0
"Bought this 3 months agoDissapointed for below reason.- Screw bits are not of good quality, it is better to buy a star bit from a hardware store- Wrench and Plas are smaller can not be used with larger items. Wrentch had been really useless with Taps that I have tried on so far. Both of them also needs to be bought separately.Would suggest to buy only drill machine if you can get drill box from somehwere else. Drill without box will cost 1k less and all items of the box can be bought separately in the same price that too of better quality.",4.0
"my first purchase from amazon, so i was a bit skeptical about the delivery .but i found it very authentic when the package arrived in original sealed condition and that so at the purposed delivery date . thanks to amazon ,the dispatcher and the delivery team for fast and speedy job done.THE PRODUCT:1. the drill itself is an authentic bosch product. 0.5mm to 10 mm adjustable chuck size.a proprietary holder is also given. note the chuck adjust tool is placed in power  cord.(i was horrified at the time of unboxing of not finding it anywhere😜)2. there is drill bits for wood(4,5,6), masonry(4,5,6,8,10) and metal (2,3,4,5,6)3.screw bits 10 pieces (PH1,PH2,PZ1,PZ2,S4,S6,H4,H5,T20,T25)4.bolt holders 7 pieces (4,5,6,7,8,9,10) with a holder bit.5. hand tools likeHammer,adjustable wrench, pliers, measuring tape (3m),utility knife and spirit level one each has been provided.6. screws and plugs (30 each)(10 each of 3.5mm, 4mm and 5mm screws)(10 each of 5mm,6mm and 8mm plugs)As of now im just using it in home and Small DIY projects.",4.0
"First off, considering the price and the brand, this is a good assortment of very handy tools.A few points I felt could have been thought of from customer's perspective, if the goal was to provide a compact solution to indoor handyman tool requirements:1. The wrench is good build but not big enough to even unwind the nuts and bolts used in bathroom hardware. At least that size should have been provided.2. The measuring tape does not seem very sturdy and also there is only one scale ( centimetres ) , NO inches. Selling that on Indian markets is just wrong :-D3. Utility knife is not very sharp at all.Apart from this, the drill is crazy smooth for 500w power.Enough variations of drill bits.The plier grip is good.All in all, definitely a good buy for beginners and intermediate handy man enthusiasts and semi professionals.",4.0
"I had ordered the toolkit on 7th of February and I had received on 10th of February, From the day I had received I started using the product for basic home purposes and as of today 21st February, I had opened the toolkit that time i saw the combination plier had rusted and screw bit and box spanners had rusted only I am satisfied with the dirller, thats why only 2 I gave 2 stars, My belief on Bosch is now lost",2.0
I was shocked when i recieved the product with worst packing it was packed with only bubble cover and i open it i found that seal is broken and items are so hard to use..may be because of new items but no items are missing,3.0
"This tool is exactly like it is described. Good for home and moderately professional use. Though accompanied free items are not branded. Have no BOSCH mark on them. Only drill machine is BOSCH branded. I am not cutting a star because of this, for the sole reason of delivery speed. It did delivered the next day. Wait... I dont live in any of the mega city but in a village about 400 kms from Mumbai from where the item is shipped. Amazing amazon!!",5.0
"Have to return it, the machine is not able to drill on concrete wall for 3mm even. May be brick walls could be done but RCC structure walls are not.I read few reviews later that it could be because of low quality masonry bits which came with boxThough it was easy to use and compact but did not fulfill the purpose of buying",3.0
"I am dispointed with this product. The machine fitting is not good. I have recived this product two times, both the time the machine fitting is not good. I didn't expect this from global brand bosch. All tools are local and low quality products. Warst experience from top company bosch.",2.0
The bundle contains many tools but only drilling unit is from Bosch which having less warranty too compared to genuine Bosch products. All other tools are seems very low quality like some refurbished or kind of footpath selling goodseven bits also not higher quality,2.0
ONLY MACHINE IS GOOD. OTHER MATERIAL LIKE BITS. FROM BITS I TRY TO DRILL THE WALL BUT ITS NOT DONE. I PURCHASED A NEW BIT FROM THE MARKET AFTER THAT I WAS ABLE TO DO IT...,1.0
"The machine stopped working in just few days(three weeks, used twice). Customer care works only during day time, five days a week. We have to go 12km to a authorised service centre to get it repaired. Not very satisfied with this experience. They must keep a long manual screw driver which is an essential component of any kit. It's not in this kit",3.0
It was a genuine product and I am glad I ordered it. It really saves a lot of money you might spend on Carpenters for simple installation or putting a hole in the wall or even for that matter fixing something very simple at home. I have been using this from the first day and am loving the quality of the product.,5.0
"Has all the parts that are needed. Has a drilling machine with tips for steel, wood and masonry(brick). Has drew driver and hex spanner bits as well.Other parts are hammer, wrench, bubble level, cutter.I couldn't drill through hard concrete, but normal brick wall(which is the usual case) was very easy to drill into.Switch to hammer mode while using the masonry bit.Easy to setup and use.",5.0
"I would have given a 5 star rating to this product if there had been detailed instructions on how to use the drill. There are screw driver heads but no instructions on how to use them. Referring me to a booklet on the internet may be of no use to me if I do not have an internet or am not very conversant with downloading etc. I may not have a printer at home. What prevents Bosch, a reputed Company , from placing an instruction booklet in the case ?And I must say the Amazon call centres were also not particularly helpful in assisting me !",4.0
Very bad from Bosch while hammer mod the bit is come loose all time it's no stay  tight and scratched product came and the rotational sounds feels rusted bearing like too bad experience from Amazon very bad,1.0
"After reading various reviews I had doubt in mind, if investing 3K is worth. After the product reached me this morning, I put it to use on concrete wall, my test. It was easy to use, definitely after going through some instructions, as I am a beginner. Ithas definitely rock solid sturdiness, no dithering sturDy movement.I will recommend this product.",4.0
Overall very good. Solves the purpose for small household works. Definitely recommend it to all those who don't want to depend on others for small works.Accessories though could have been of a little better quality. I face a lot of difficulty while changing screwdriber head. You always need a plier to take it off. Plastic here and there is a little average.,4.0
Thank you Amazon for delivering a genuine product. This drill machine is really awesome and it is very easy to use . It works bidirectional and two mode for hard and soft surface drilling. But no speed regulater ( can be managed by pressing lightly the button) which makes it harder to tight or loose the bolts/screw.,5.0
"The machine is good enough for household jobs but accessories along with it are not branded, like quality of measuring tape (units are only in cm),cutter is not upto the mark but I think overall package is worth for money. you can buy this product if you dont have to do drilling of more than 10mm dia regularly at your home",4.0
Used this product for 10 mins and one of the drill bits broke within a minute of its use. I haven't gone beyond this to explore the product but this first impression itself was enough for me to return this product as it spoke volumes about the quality. Disappointed with Bosch as I expected a good quality product.,1.0
It's awesome. I bought it for home use. Though i dont know most of equipment name or how to use them. But still i like its sturdyness. So i am gonna learn how to use them. Thank u amazon for early delivery.,5.0
I am using this product for more than 1 year now. Still working. Good product. You can  use it for drilling as well as tightening of screws. Clockwise and anti clockwise movements available. No additional handle. The product is in pretty good condition for me still,5.0
"There should have been a screwdriver in there with a magnetic tip to mount the bits (for smaller tasks). Now i have to plug in the cord everytime i need to use it.The masonry drill bits are getting worn out easily, threads for a particular bit lasted probably only 3 drilling sessions while others were good.Other than than delivery, packaging, quality, sturdiness is great. Love the case it came in.",4.0
"Bought this kit at primeday sale for a great price. The product is of bosch so will not comment on quality as it is imperative. Have used the drill machine couple of times for day to day work such as screwing, drilling on wood, rcc and wall.. works like a charm.. if you have basic knowledge of how to use these tools.. go for it.. otherwise you can break the drills by not using properly.Its a good buy and addition for day to day job which we keep on delaying because of n reasons..",5.0
"Worth buy from Amazon. Drilling machine is excellent. There are different set of tools for drilling steel, concrete and wood those are good quality. Screwing also excellent. Hammer, measure tape, level checker all too good. I learnt many things now to do at home without workers. Keep away from kids",5.0
"Loved the drill. Lots of options inside to assist in the entire process. Have drilled into walls, wood as well as kitchen tiles and no issues till now. The hammer mode works really well for drilling into the sturdy walls or tiles.",5.0
got everything in a package wahtever u need for home useage....trigger has variable speed according to pressure applied...u can screw unscrew things too....i have drilled thick metal too with it....and obviously BOSCH brand trustall this for Rs3699,5.0
Only issue is it doesn't have screw driver... It does have the bits that can be used with the drilling machine but not a standard screw driver.Overall a must have for every household considering the electricians now a day charge heafty for drilling holes in the walls... Might as well do it yourself.,4.0
"BEST DEAL BOUGHT FOR 2360rsBought in Great Indian festival sale with 10%extra discount on rupay debit cards, thats the reason the price is very less and more over i have enquired about the DIFFERENCE BETWEEN 10RE and 500RE and in that 10RE is the best producr as the speed varies from 0- 2600rpm which helps in removing the screws and in carpentry work it doesn't make problems and finishes the drilled holes as you epected and even the bosch showroom price is 2400+ 432(18%) gst total 2832 seems like i got it less than the producr price without gst thanks for amazon dont read the negative reviews  product is excellent",5.0
"Very bad quality product, delivered without any outer box packaging, bits of screwdriver were missing, drill looked like it was used before with worn out wire, dust everywhere, damage to the toolbox on the inside and outside. Won't recommend buying from this seller. Returning right away.",1.0
"This is a complete kit and comes with a host of various equipment. The drill itself is easy to use and does drill into concrete. Different drill bits provided enable drilling into Concrete, wood and metal. This Bosch product is worthy of the reputation the company has.",5.0
100% Awesome quality product with a very good packing without a single damage I received this. As I wish it is very smooth control and easy to use.  Best product for beginner. Every accessories in the box are genuine.,5.0
Used it first time and it was awesome.very easy to use and best thing I like is other bit which can be used for screw and unscrew..That work take max time and effort in daily usage which is too easy with but provided,5.0
Excellent product and one should have at home for all small repair jobs. Very easy to operate and the box is very neatly organized except there is no marks for wood/concrete/metal drill bits (i did thru a sticker as can be seen on the photo). I liked this product and i did my first job of rack fixing today and came out as perfect as a carpenters do....,5.0
1. Drilling machine is very good and easy to use.2. Screwdriver arm head is not available. It only contains bits and small handle to fit in drilling machine. Screw driver bits can only be used with machine.,4.0
"If you are looking to make improvements around your home or simply fix stuff around you this is a must have. Sturdy components, Bosch technology and storage box provided making it easy to travel with.",5.0
"Price goes down from ₹2,999 to ₹1,999 for 1 minute & i crack the deal..Got this only in ₹1,999 during Greater Indian Festival Sale..Thank You so much Amazon for this great sale & offer And Bosch for the product..",5.0
"This product is really helped me a lot for my new flat. I installed all the tube lights, currten rods, readymade wooden furniture in the hall, soap stands in bathrooms, Wall hangers in bed rooms by self. Thanks to Amazon.",5.0
Product is nice and perfect but 3 star only for holding case and design by Bosch. This is a heavy item with multiple accessories which all are to be stored properly. The storage case shown and described seems perfect but actually it's of inferior quality. Many parts don't fit in the slots.. Very cumbersome experience. I have to store all parts separately now..,3.0
But very disopint  that the toos withbkits arevnot under made  by BOSCH.Only drill rest not made by BOSCH.WHY BOSCH DID THIS?Other wise ok in this price,3.0
"A good to have toolkit box from a branded company. Quality of tools are good and I got them at INR 2600, I'm using them at my home for small he needs like drilling, hammering and measuring. I would recommend this box if you are looking for a good driller for home use along with some required small tools.",4.0
Quality was good for home usage.Would be great if they provided vertical fore grip and screw driver female handle.Plier and measuring tape given with the kit was so cheap other than that happy with all other attachments.Finally coming to driller Bosch made a outstanding machine in this budget.,4.0
"Been using it for over a year now (and it has been used for literally everything!! Workworking on Harwood, drilling through concrete walls, tightening loosening screws, takes some practice but works like a charm). Thought I should drop in and assure you in case you were confused :). Think no further.",5.0
"Writing a review after over a year if purchase and hardly any use. One of the main tools in this kit, the sacrew driver just got detached from itself and now instead of 1 screwdriver, i have multiple parts of the screwdriver that cannot be put together again.",3.0
"Product is very nice and must for household small cores, I would have expected a detailed manual as it's not meant for professionals only. Value for money.",4.0
Only the drill machine is of bosch which is not so powerful as i expected and the other products are all cheap quality,4.0
Not up to mark.... only driller and bits are good rest of the material used cheaper quality and getting rust...i am using last 3 year driller machine still fine and working good...,5.0
"This tool kit contains everything you may need for any household utility jobs. The only complain is w.r.t its quality, the materials used for the measuring tape, spirit level are made from really light quality plastic but other than that, the functional utility is great. The only thing missing is a screwdriver, I wouldn't want to plug-in the drilling machine to tighten a small screw somewhere.",4.0
"I purchase this product, get defected.. trying to search service in Noida.. found two-three on address in Google but I reach there, it not available.",1.0
"Product is good. But two tools were missing from the box when I unpacked it. One could be screw driver holder, another could be torch as I guess from the slots curved into the box.",3.0
Awesome product and has everything you need for your day to day home needs. Only problem is the box  as few things gets loose and products fall onto each other,5.0
"I'm very much satisfied with the product, Although I just got it delivered by amazon logistics. Build quality is very much satisfied, obviously it is Bosch.",5.0
"The tools are useful in general.  The tape only has measurements in cm, no inch/ft.  Inside of the carry case isn't sturdy and gets damaged every time you pick up and place back a wrench or a hammer.",4.0
very good and very useful and one must need to have this at home :)Product is really good and excellent quality but quality of Drill bits are not good.,5.0
The product is good. It contains all the tools from small to big which can be helpful for various applications. Best product. The quality of the product is very good. The packing is all good. Value for money product for those who do.,5.0
"The quality is great and the tools seems to sturdy, yet to use it though. Please note there is no screwdriver so you need to use the drill for same.",4.0
I have been using Bosch products over last 25 years. This seems imitation and not genuine Bosch. The quality of tool case and tools inside are low quality. Avoidable at all cost,1.0
Bosch quality! It's almost a must have tool kit for DIY. Highly satisfied with the quality. It also offers three different drill bits in various sizes generally useful. Impact mode on drill machinebis really helpful on walls. Overall pretty impressed with quality.,5.0
Excellent quality. Drinking bits could have been of a better quality though. I'M using this tool as all in one.Wear protective gears while using this for DIY.,5.0
"Loving it, nice product from BOSCH and a great deal from Amazon.Purchased it under lightining deal at 2700/-.All house hold maintenance tasks are getting cared easy with this tool kit.",5.0
"Nice heavy duty drill at low price,but except machine,all the items are local and getting rusted in just 2 weeks,they should not count screw and wall plugs,without counting them,its only 40pcs set,fast delivery got it in just two days",3.0
"As expected got good quality kit from Bosch, as shown in image all items are inside box.Keep in mine before purchase that, the drill machine is not suitable for heavy usage, it's good for normal usage.",4.0
"Drill machine is OK but feels little under powered especially while drilling hard concrete surface even after using hammer mode. Some of the accessories are of low quality especially measuring tape, cutter.",3.0
Safe and easy to use. Tried all the bits and pieces; the box is full of surprises. The only disadvantage is that it is difficult to use on hard concrete but perfect for dry wall.,5.0
the black button of the drill used to keepnthe drill at a constant speed is also not working...and you can also check my other review of the kit,1.0
"Such an awesome package.. delivered on time.. must buy product for DIY... Worth to buy.. if you buy all these items seperately it costs you much higher, but as a package its reasonable.",5.0
"Excellent product, packing of the product, performance of the same are very good. It gives great satisfaction to me to have a Bosch machine. value for the money",5.0
"Very good useful tool, must have in every home.  I like the product.Acessories like tape, hammer, level gauge etc are of low quality.The drilling machine is very good and light weight.",4.0
"Drill machine works like a charm but the other supplies in this kit are not of good quality broke my metal drill bit after some time and also the cutter,tape and a few other things are not up to the mark....",3.0
Excellent product for house hold purposes. Could be used for many hand works with help from internet. My dream purchase. Only problem is first time users should have access to new drill.bits in case they break.,4.0
"Yes,""easy to use"" If it is a NEW ONE, OTHERWISE...It is ""value for money"" or ""not"" don't know, because there is no printed price/label (which i got) on the box by BOSCH company. Sellers & amazon company are enjoying by including GST.",4.0
"Easy to assemble but proper instructions mannual is not available, for ussing the product",4.0
The box had a dent in one of the places.. but other than the product items were intact.. not sure if I can get just the box replaced ... Will post a review after couple of months on the usage..,4.0
Very good tool if you are interested to make some small repair work ourself in home. I felt good product as of now used 5-6times felt good.,5.0
This machine does not support for drilling in concrete walls even though it's lighter..,2.0
"Great Product, wanted to buy from long time & finally got it after reviewing lots of reviews 😇👍..... Worth appreciating, Bosch keep up quality for years to come",5.0
"Awesome product. Buy it and do it yourself, and avoid contact with mechanics during this pandemic.",5.0
i dont understand why this stopped just after drilling two holes in wallnormal wall not in hard wall just used it after 25 days it was running without any stress on it when actual work came i tried it and now it is not evwn working i dont recomend to any one,1.0
"Bosch drilling machine adheres to Bosch standard. The other tools are not to standard at all. The measuring tape, hammer, cutting plyer etc., have already started to rust.",4.0
Good working but warranty is less in 6months that it's overall is good product for use home purpose and ect,4.0
Quality is very bad for the tools inside the box utility knife hammer are easily get rust soon once u take outside for work. Wall plugs are very worst. No proper arrangements of screw and wall plugs so beginners cant easily take which one suits.,3.0
"The quality, the working is just perfect, no doubt Bosch is the best in this, it's just like a companion for me, and a good one. Useful product overall.",5.0
"Seal of the box was broken already when i received the product. Everything inside was working, so didn't think for a replacement. Got it at a fair price of 22OO. GREAT FOR PRODUCTIVITY.",4.0
The box doesn't fit drilling machine wore very easily. Screws fall down from the container everytime you open the box. So I have to use another box for screws. Rest all is fine.,4.0
Best product to drill and screw. Instructions aren't provided properly but YouTube tutorials help you as to how to use them. Pretty easy to handle even for women,5.0
"Bit quality is bad , it's not sturdy at all . Okay for simple usage .can't rely on this for professional use .",3.0
Great tool!Easy to use and completed a lot of my pending work. Could have done with a better manual regarding the choice of bit for different materials. Great kit at the price!,5.0
Drill machine is Made in India and the box in china. Cheap quality plastic used.,1.0
"Product as described, no issues at all...looks great and worth the money...",5.0
Its a must for household fixtures. Everyone should have one of this. Using it from 6 months and no complains,5.0
Good kit. Speed hold button doesn't work. For home use buy battery operated ones wireless. For concrete get ones with more power hammering,3.0
"Case was damaged due to no packaging. It was naked and handled poorly when received the product, otherwise OK, kindly change the case.Product in the case is useful. Two stars less for damaged case",3.0
I totally satisfied for these product but i slight problem in it that after a few work with it it tools get rusted quickly but rather than that overall product is good,5.0
I thought it will be good in terms of performance however not as good as I thought. Will not recommend to any one.  Kit is not justifying it's brand name.,3.0
Excellent product. Happy with the purchase. Bosch products are made to last,5.0
Great tool kit. A must for every DIY kindof man at house. Bosch has good range of tool kits and it is one of them to get your work done.,4.0
Got all the items as mentioned in the box with good condition ...happy purchase .,5.0
Thanks Amazon !.  Good Quality. Nice products with many options. It should be helpful for all house hold activities and maintenance.  Must go for it.,5.0
One of the blades that is used to cut metal is very sharp otherwise good,3.0
i think bosch drill machine is best i personally use it and i can say the power and the drilling ratio was impressive thank u amazon,5.0
Had been using for last 2 months ..Very useful handy product for home mtce works...,5.0
Has almost everything you need for usual home improvement projects. Some of the screw bits keep falling off from their recesses.,5.0
Very bad quality . sparking when drilling,1.0
Works easy and litterally bosch always good1 problem noticed - tools easily removable from notch which always creates issue while closing the bags.,5.0
"The drill machine stopped working in the second time of use. Calling till free customer care but not picking, tried several times. No way to claim the warranty. Worst company or worst experience. No the drill machine is lying useless.",1.0
A good product at throwaway price. A hands on tool kit for general home use.,5.0
"Very usefull, it has many extra things which is good for professionals. For a beginner it will be like , omg what is this particular thing is used for.",5.0
Awesome driller,5.0
"I liked it, value for money, the tools shown are a bit smaller than expected but still i find it very handy and use full be it drilling wood concrete Fastening screws or nuts,i personally  liked the box",4.0
This product is so nice and the machine is very easy to use. There is all tools that we need for drilling purposes. The machine works very well. The case is good. There were all the parts they mentioned in the description in the box.,4.0
I bought this for general house hold work...so being a layman I needed instruction book which was missing.. so took help of videos etc .. otherwise it's good it's from BOSCH have to be good.,4.0
There should be one screw driver for complete set also space for Auxiliary handle and depth guage is there but its missing..i think thats the way seller has reduce the price also not useful for concrete surface,4.0
Awesome product. Reduced one star because thin drilling spare got broken 3time use. Machine is value for money but spare parts are local product poor quality,4.0
"Orginal and good product ,this product is very good condition and good works,including all pricesand attachments.Highly recommended ,",5.0
I was searching for a proper tool kit for many days ..It's bit costly but I assure you about the product quality.. Great experience till date.,5.0
"The drilling machine is not good, First unit received was not working, so Amazon send me a replacement unit,The new machine's Chuck is not good, the drill bit get loosened often, the tightening mechanism is also broken inside",1.0
Very disappointed with it's quality...drill material quality is quite good but expect that all tool or plastic quality is not good...as brand I purchased and I give money for that..,3.0
It worth for the money. And the spare parts which are given is also use full  and with good quality.,5.0
"This is really very nice toolkit. It comes with various tools in it. Now I can save money by doing all small works at home, by my self.",5.0
A must have product by Bosch. It helps in many ways in fixing a lot of maintenance related tasks. Go for it... Quality of all products is also good and value for money.,5.0
I bought this product on 16th September 2020 and still has warranty (6 months from the invoice). The product stopped working. We go the customer care number of Bosch but no response and sent email also no response.,2.0
GOOD TOOL BOX FOR ANY DIYer AND  RELIABLE BOSCH QUALITY YOU CAN TRUST,5.0
waste money  this product and buy single drill machine in the market R. 1000 to 1500 best quality other product u get max Rs. 500 to 800  me mil jata hai,3.0
All described items available. Total 100 pieces. Looks professional. Drills Wood concrete steel with ease. It's very powerful. For conectarte drilling just activate hammering mode.,5.0
"The drill is very good, pliers have got good grip and functionality, hammer is good for light house works. Good product. Completely satisfied. Might have added handles for screw drivers.",4.0
Very useful product.Need of everyone,4.0
Not so powerful. Yuo cannot even drill a brick wall,1.0
No more paying to local plumbers for household work...Bought this and watched some YouTube videos on how to use a drill machine and that's it...,5.0
The quality of the tools are great but the only drawback is that the box doesn't give you a screwdriver handle.,5.0
"A must product for every home. Its MRP written in the box is Rs.5160/- but I got this product in Amazon by Rs.2990/- only. All the components in the box is highly durable & the vibration of the Drill machine is very less in comparison with other products in the market. In a single word I can describe it ""UNPUTDOWNALBE"".",5.0
"Bosch is well know brand, so go ahead and buy it.",5.0
Best price for best product.. after a long wait decided to purchase this tool in my home depot for household action...truly it was worth every bit of money,5.0
"Overall its good item for home. But it didn't come good, meaning it was not handled good during delivery.",3.0
"The drill gun in the kit is very  good. The measuring tape got spoilt within 2 months. On opening, it was observed that the spring material used for retracting tape was rusted and broken.",4.0
"Has all basic tools which you need to a house hold, drill is really good",4.0
Good product . Got all my handy tools in one box. Saved me so much of time and effort specially when the carpenters forget to get their own tools,5.0
"This is my first product in Bosch.As I believed, Bosch's quality & performance is extremely good.👌Very simple and easy to use.I bought this at Rs.3122 with Drill pistol + hand tool kit(100 tools).💥",5.0
It was a great product . The drill and bits are of amazing quality. However other addons where below average when it comes to quality.,5.0
The speed controlled reversible drill gun/hammer is quite handy for normal applications. Other tools are also useful. The consumables like wall plugs and screws are also counted towards the total of 100 tool bits.,5.0
Fab product by amazon & seller. Good for heavy duty also....,5.0
Fantastic product easy to use........ Really that is useful item at home.,5.0
"Whole set is too handy to use, you will save alot on carpenter/plumber or any other visits...Superb build quality, has got some parts a lil rusty but works great.",5.0
Product is good and branded.Its good for light drill like hanging paintings etc when it comes to concrete it does not work. go for bigger machine if looking for heavy duty,3.0
Useful tools and quality is good.Measurement tape doesn't have inch units.,4.0
"Can’t even able to drill a hole in brick wall. Fed up with the product, don’t works for basic home needs. Disappointed.",1.0
Drill machine is very good. other products are of B-Grade quality.,4.0
As expected it's good..for affordable price.. But machine power cable  slightly insulation is damaged... I think it may  due  improper arrangements  of accessories inside the tools box while closing it may get damage... Please make sure while dispatch  all arrangements are OK...,4.0
A proper handle is missing . Otherwise a good product,4.0
yup works fine... it is for all those who need pro like equipment at same time for home use...,5.0
"Product is good, but the packing is not much appreciated. Received in a damaged box, both the sides are damaged",3.0
Awesome. Just awesome... I'm loving it from the day I got it,5.0
Drill machine is okayBut other part are not satisfying,3.0
Good home tool kit. Thanks Bosch & Amazon.,5.0
A very well organized and selected tool set,4.0
"Excellent. Very easy to use ,powerful",5.0
"Box slightly damaged . Tools like split level, measuring tape, drill bits, adjustable spanner are not seems original .Drilling machine is greased and its spreaded outside the cover.",2.0
"Enjoy doing the drilling work. Easy to use. Have installed flower polts, ropes for clothes, frame installation on wall.",5.0
It would be great if they have included screwdriver base for heads,4.0
GOOD PRODUCT AWESOME 👌👍👌 FAST DELIVERY BY AMAZON THANKS AMAZON LOVE YOU SO MUCH,5.0
Good One For Domestic Uses. Each And every Home Should have Such Type of Tools. Easy to  Use & save For 💰...,5.0
"deliver defective product  after replacement ,except drilling m/c other products were not up the mark",2.0
I bought a product of bosch bcoz it is a most reliable company for its products but I have use drill machine I am not satisfied and want replace met it's reverse fiction stopped working,1.0
Drilled and fitted some thing on the wall in 5 mins,5.0
Good Quality build. So far no issues,5.0
Mind blowing......quality materials....Driller is powerful enough for daily usage....,5.0
"Every thing ok, only thing driller getting burning smell.",4.0
My product was defective. Hence I returned it. Aside I bought black and decker from Amazon later. Found that to be much B cheaper than this,4.0
The machine is very good and all the accessories are very nice and overall working experience is very good. Simply perfect it is.,5.0
Great Tool box for DIYFor more information see YouTubechannel: Myworthyshare,5.0
Only drill machine is of Bosch brand. Rest is local made. Other tools are getting rusted in a span of one week.,4.0
Good Product qualityOriginal..,5.0
"Very good product, good for house.",5.0
Nothing to say . This is the best.,5.0
Amazing Sturdy product..!!I gifted it to my Dad...He Loved it...Bosch is the best...!!!,5.0
Made my job easy and helpful in almost all household works,5.0
Smooth and easy to use .,5.0
good product - very usful,4.0
Excellent.. Excellent.. Excellent.. No other word found to express!,5.0
Good product,5.0
This tool box has made me skilled..Easy for small plumbing works at home..Good product quality.Must have toolbox for all home.,4.0
Using from last 2 yrs no problem found. Every thing is working perfectly.,5.0
I like this tool kit just it doesn't have front drill handle which will make it more usesuable,5.0
"Good product, Genuine Bosh products and accessories but be cautious to use the right bits for different items while drilling.",5.0
"Great kit, great value pack, must buy for a home.",5.0
Check YouTube before drilling first time..,5.0
"The only things i felt bad is, the measuring tape is not printed in ft it is printed in cms....Rest if your are buying its worth.",5.0
Excellent product,5.0
"Outer box is broken also after replacement, earlier also outer box was broken. Packing is very poor. Drill machine seems to be fine, as just today I have received the item. other items were local made of inferior quality.",2.0
A good product.Complete in itself.,5.0
Very good product! I recommend for all who fix things at home.,5.0
Best product. They are generally required at home.,5.0
A must have Tool Kit DIY enthusiasts.,5.0
Box corners are damaged when delivered. Tooklkit box quality is not up to the mark. Some more user manual were required.Just ok kinds of product,3.0
"quality product, easy tools",5.0
"Same as mentioned in description, thank you.",5.0
I am using this product for 4 month and. This product durability is fabalious and at this price range this is good product.,5.0
Perfect for home and light commercial uses. Value for money.,5.0
My father bought this and it's really handy for household stuffs,4.0
Easy to use for personal home need,4.0
Very good products,5.0
its very useful for home based work purpose.perfect product and quality is good finally worth for money i liked Bosch products.i am satisfied with product finally.,4.0
Very easy to handle.,5.0
Either the company or the amazon is fraud as some of the drill bits broke on the first use itself,1.0
5 start quality.,5.0
Extremely sturdy and easy to use. Absolutely perfect for household projects.,5.0
Excellent product.my dad is loving it.drilling machine is something we were looking from longer period..,5.0
"Good product with company seal and complete set with all accessories, received it in a day with prime service great delivery system. Liked it...",5.0
Product is amazingquality is goodnicely packed.  very handy.,5.0
"Great product for Home use, and easy to use.",4.0
Good product. It was as I expected it to be.,5.0
It was gift for my husband. He is real happy.,5.0
Bosch always gud for its product. No issues uptill now for almost 2 years. Quality upto the mark,5.0
No questions and concerns as it  comes from BOSCH,4.0
Aswome working for my self it is very useful to me,5.0
"Bought this in 2k,it's amazing utility product.",5.0
"Nice,",4.0
"Good, But plas Materials is bad quality",5.0
Good tool for household work,5.0
Tools are not upto the mark,1.0
Lovely,5.0
Excellent tool...,5.0
never used since I bought... not worth creating more garbage in your sweet small home...,3.0
Doit yourself your work without the help of carpenters plumbers etc,5.0
Nice,5.0
It is a good product. But the screw driver is slip,5.0
Good,4.0
Good Quality of Tools and Container is also rough n tough.,4.0
Worst product.all items in the box got rusted within 6 months. No positive response from Amazon. They sell the product and owes no further responsibility.,1.0
I got a used product with all items misplaced and all screw packets unsealed,1.0
"The drill machine was only from BOSCH, the rest were normal and not that much good quality.",3.0
very good product easy to work and drill very fast thanks bosch,5.0
"Perfect for newbies, and best price. Worth the price.",5.0
Universal Products Completely Satisfied,5.0
Best for home useI got it for Rs. 2610 only,5.0
"Tough, sturdy and neatly packed. Few more basic tools like screwdriver could be there.",4.0
"Very nice, just as shown. Great that all items are described are found😂",5.0
"An excellent product, easy to use, robust and very essential which solves household problems",5.0
Well known Brand and is working good.,5.0
"Nice, i think every one have to this in his home.",4.0
Value for money.,5.0
"Tools are pretty fine, but the box for keeping it has very low quality material.",4.0
Solid Built Quality,4.0
while drilling on wall in hammer mode it makes so much noise that you can not stand without ear muffs,3.0
"very good product at his price , a complete Home maintenance  KIT , I t is a must for each house",5.0
Good product...,5.0
First experience: Awesome product and genuine build quality. Shall update more reviews later.,5.0
Useful items,5.0
Good,5.0
Excellent product. Worth every penny,5.0
Nice product I am using from 2 yearNot value for money,5.0
A must have for every home wether you are inclined to DIYing or not.Excellent home toolkit with everything you will need to do almost everything around the house.,5.0
Satisfied with the product.. Quality of Drill Bead is not good.. I have purchased it for Drilling m/c and compact box and it worth money.,5.0
Good product but came with missing bits. Amazon customer care said to return and reorder. But just kept it.,4.0
nice product in sealed packed condition.,5.0
Always requirement in house for emergency tool kit. I like the brand very much,5.0
Its better you do work manually as screwdriver is missing which should have been given...for small work one can’t take entire machine out...,3.0
Must have product. But you need to invest extra for screw driver.,5.0
Excellent product for home works,5.0
Timely delivery and good product,5.0
Good product... useful for house work,5.0
Ok,1.0
Ok,4.0
It’s a very good buy which I feel is must for every household. Easy to handle is the key complimented by a good value for money...,5.0
Reverse direction switch not working in just 2 months,1.0
"Bosch Toolkit is a must for every house hold. It is a very good and useful tool, easy to assemble, use to handle.",5.0
Nice product,5.0
"It's a worth buy. A branded one, so satisfied. I bought it for my brother and he is quite happy to have this. All parts are well and good.",5.0
you wont need anything else if you have this product at home.no need to call carpenters for some small work at home,5.0
Nice product at correct price,4.0
I liked Amazon Prime next day delivery. The Machine works like charm. All the drill bits and screw driver bits are of good quality. Go for it.,4.0
nice deal,5.0
Very good,5.0
Good,5.0
"Amazon packing not done, they given bosch box only without packing and machine looks like used.. Damage on Screw place like someone opened",1.0
"good to have, in adition to that if they provide the adjustable spanner to remove bolts will be more helpful.",4.0
Meet my expectation... Good product. Recommended for do it yourself kind of guy..,4.0
good for home,4.0
User friendly,5.0
Not a  good,3.0
A must have. Quality tools and value for money.,5.0
"Only drill to use, all materials are not worth at this price segment.",3.0
Very useful product.,5.0
The drill machine is god but some bit and chuck opener tool was missing ang i have to buy it for out and the full kit was licked out and the plastic body was damaged 😡😡,4.0
"d product is gud, easy to use for our daily needs.",5.0
Not bad,4.0
Very Very nice and useful product at home use ..!,5.0
Good quality product for the price,5.0
"Bosch known for quality, quality all tools is excellent, at par. Must have for every household.",5.0
Very good and quality product. A must have product in the home/shop if you dont like to depend on others for pity tasks.,5.0
Very good,4.0
Nice for home and commercial use,5.0
The tools are good but the outer bag is really great!,5.0
"Great Product , Highly recommended.",5.0
"The metal use seems to be of cheap quality. MS is getting corroded so early, BOSCH should make a note of this and make necessary changes.",2.0
Excellent product,5.0
Fully satisfied with the product... Nicely packed .  And got delivery very fast... Highly recommend 👍,5.0
Best dreel macine of india,5.0
Used first tym and it works as accepted. Good quality and all other item with drill machine is avarage.,4.0
Good quality productContain around 40 piece toolsRemaining 30 plug and 30 screwGud quality product for this price,5.0
"Good quality, working good! Value for money!",5.0
Nice product with industrial durable partsI have Used this for some concrete workAnd it's performance is good and all pard are in very good condition,5.0
Easy to use and regulated movement.  Very good product for use,4.0
Super,4.0
good product.it is as per description.worth buying.,4.0
Good,5.0
Superb Machine for home use,5.0
It must be there in every home.,5.0
nice product quality and delivery was very nice. no dent on package body or no broken seal.,5.0
"There are some reward points offered on the product. The QR code was completely erased. It is on the product, so it should be available for buyer.",4.0
Not liked,2.0
"Very disappointed......... Within 3 months of buying, most of the drill bits and the plyer have rusted.",2.0
Worth d investmentU can screw and unscrew as wellMy better half loved it,5.0
Excellent.,5.0
All you pay is for the main machine. Accessories are 3rd grade and not bosch's. They dont even work well and become useless after 1st use.,1.0
Good,4.0
This is a really bad device. Within 2 usage the machine just couldn't take the load and it burnt out. This is really bad. Don't buy!,1.0
Best in this price range.,5.0
Good,4.0
"Very nice and genuine product , only manual of instruction was not there in the box. Kindly add this for more friendly use.",5.0
BOSCH name is enough ....If the accessories  comes with BOSCH imprint that would be more acceptable.,5.0
Delayed delivery but got a good deal on the price...overall good....,5.0
Super product useful always,5.0
Amazing product.Essential for each household.It lacks a detailed user manual for those are using such equipment for the first time...,4.0
"Gud product, usable for home purposes",4.0
"I had set complete house using this amazing set, it's easy to use and does wonders, total Paisa wasool ....",4.0
Basic kit for small repairing works in house...,5.0
It's too good,4.0
Sups brand,5.0
Very usefull product for personal use,5.0
Very good quality,5.0
Good performance.,5.0
Very good product.,5.0
one of the best kit the market,5.0
Intially takes time how to use it properly in terms of handling and it's tool usages. Rest it makes work easier.,4.0
Very good brand,4.0
Good but tools are not strong,5.0
No problem with the drilling machine.But the accessories are of very low quality.,4.0
"Nice Protect, It's too helpful for home use...",4.0
Product is very handy to fix any domestic repair all  by yourself. The Drill is sturdy and each element is of a good quality.,5.0
Not bad,4.0
Easy to use,4.0
"Nice to maintain, portable",4.0
It is OK kit for short term and easy tasks.,3.0
It's made daily work easier...,5.0
Not useful for home usage.. machine is bit heavier than expected weighting around 2.5 kg.,2.0
Bits can be bettet,4.0
best product,5.0
Quality tool,5.0
Great.,5.0
Like,5.0
some item (parts) missing. came to realised only after checking at home. how to lodge complaint. please guide,3.0
good,4.0
A very handy and useful tool.,4.0
Every part was of international standard.go ahead product is realky good,5.0
"good product, one long screw driver holder too was needed as screw driver tips are small.",4.0
Good,5.0
Driller not working on concert,1.0
Excellent productThanks lot of money save,5.0
Great product,5.0
"Nice product, quality looks awesone. Its good if we have a video on how to use this product from seller. Finally found one on youtube.",4.0
Good product it has all the needful household tools,5.0
"Value for money, best quality",5.0
Good to use for everyday life. No hassle to look for ppl to drill. you can do it urself very easily,5.0
Nice product. Easy to use.,5.0
Bosch,5.0
Good,5.0
Powerful,5.0
"Original product , quality impressive, timely delivery by amazon",5.0
Totally worth for the cost. The product was delivered fine and works amazingly. The kit consists of all what you need for fixing basic fittings at home.,5.0
comfortable and very nice easy to use,5.0
good,4.0
it should have a more detailed user manual. otherwise product is good,4.0
Build quality and array of equipments are really good!,4.0
"Go to it, it is very useful !!",5.0
Excellent product.....,5.0
Excellent,5.0
I would recommend it for every beginner who loves DIY projects.,5.0
used for installing dish antenna,5.0
Product is goodBut  small cableV have to use extension cable,5.0
Best Product Available In Market,5.0
Good One,4.0
Good,4.0
Good for handling,4.0
Easy to use for indoor use only,5.0
GOOD BUT EXPENSIVE,3.0
"Very Durable & Multi-functioning, easy to use the product, it comes with great tools ... I like it...",5.0
Great,5.0
Awesome guys.... You all must buy this without thinking up and down... BOSCH DRILL ARE REALLY AMAZING...,5.0
Very well organised kit.  Go for it without any second thought.,5.0
Very good quality  tool,5.0
Nice product from bosch,5.0
That is very useful instruments for home work.,4.0
Product is not up to the mark. it seems to be duplicate product.,2.0
The product is great and must have tool that you will require at home.,5.0
Only Drilling matchine is branded other tools are non branded and poor quality,2.0
Very good product,5.0
Drill machine is good in all respects .Attachments are poor grade.,5.0
I like this product. Genuine parts.i love it,5.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,5.0
Like it,5.0
Using this product from more then 6 month. I does not face any problem,5.0
Product is good but accessories provided with products are very light.,5.0
Low speed machine,1.0
looks good but the drill bits are worst..while drilling third hole itself bits got broken. there is a mild wobling  in the machine,2.0
"Great Packing and delivery by Amazon.Its a great product, sturdy and ease to use.A must have priduct at every home.Go for it",5.0
Good,1.0
Very easy to use. Good movement.  I am  very satisfied.,5.0
Drill bit quality is poor....👎👎,1.0
Good for homely uses.,4.0
DRILL MACHINE IS GREAT BUT PLASTIC BOX DAMAGE WHAT CAN I DO IDONT KNOW,3.0
Good value for money product,5.0
Super,5.0
Super,5.0
Value of money,5.0
great,5.0
Worthy of money,4.0
"Easy to use, sturdy.",5.0
Good product,4.0
thanks good product,5.0
Very user-friendly,4.0
Guys this tool cannot drill on concrete sement wall/beam. It can only drill brick.,1.0
Excellent product,5.0
Very much helpful,5.0
excellent product,5.0
Perfect set for domestic work. All you need is in ome set. Not for professional.,5.0
Whole package was okay. Every thing advertised was in the kit.The Bad- The case was found cracked from inside.,2.0
Super material homen purpose easy to use all home work supports.,5.0
According to price,5.0
"I liked the kit. The screw and wall plugs given in the kit are substandard, otherwise a good to have kit. Also, the manual given is not very good",4.0
Good quality....I purchased it at arnd 3700...can be purchased at 3k...,4.0
Product Good. But the package 📦  of Amazon is very bad and invoice also teared,4.0
Easy to use and good quality,4.0
It's a wonderful tool box. Love using it.,5.0
Some what. Drill handle is not part of set.,3.0
Ok,5.0
Useful tool,5.0
Good product for domestic purposes.,3.0
"got this in the lightning deal, very good product.",5.0
Very good tool kit for home use.,5.0
My father loved it.. easy to use,5.0
Good,5.0
adjustable wrench should atleas be 8 inches doesnt fit most nuts can increase a price little.,5.0
All is goodWorking well(But one item is missing in this kit that is screwdrivers),5.0
"Awesome Product, extremely well built...German products are always surprises you. I loved it.",5.0
"Drill bit one time use only,only one hole by one bit.",1.0
Good tool box for day to day use,5.0
You should buy it. It has saved so much of my time and money and i learned to do the drilling job with this. I can do the daily carpentry chores anytime and in minutes.,5.0
"Excellent product, easy to use, on time delivery. Courier packet need to care.",5.0
Very useful & quality product,5.0
Bits r not Bosch,5.0
Very useful product,5.0
"i love it, awesome",5.0
Good,5.0
Good productt,4.0
Good one,5.0
Great product.... marking for the usage of drill bits needed,5.0
The drill wobbles which will give vibrations upto your hand,1.0
Screw drivers are not much sturdy..  but it's good for small home activity.,5.0
Best product....As a all rounder.....Value for money....,5.0
Slidly good.,1.0
Great for home use..not professional,4.0
Good product,5.0
I bought it for 3000. Value for many and received all the accessories as described.,4.0
"Very useful,the quality and the packaging is great really helpful",4.0
"Product is excellent, value for money",5.0
Still I am using it with no problem .,5.0
I could not get replacement for this product,5.0
Very very small mission. So very little use only.,1.0
Product is good and working fine till now except that the drill bits needs some improvement,4.0
Bought it in sep2017.Working good.Just the hammer bent a bit,4.0
"This tool set is fantastic. Very easy to use, contain almost all daily need tools.",4.0
Great product.😊,5.0
Not restive,1.0
Good product,5.0
Excellent product with proper tools.,5.0
Solid and sturdy. No problems using it.,5.0
Super,5.0
Excellent product for home/personal DIYers.The drill bits are a little soft - wear down easily.Apart from that the quality of all the tools is excellent.,4.0
Good an proven one !,5.0
"Very good product for home use ,and quality of the product is very good .",5.0
"Good product, worth the price",5.0
If you are someone who likes to fix things yourself this is what you MUST have!,5.0
SOME PARTS ARE NOT OF BOSCH.,4.0
Spanner is not helping in tightening all the nuts... limited expansion.,3.0
"No defect, nicely packed,100% original product. Easy to use",5.0
Bosch lives to it standards.  The product is sane as described in the site.,5.0
Nice prod,5.0
I loved it!,5.0
Very helpful tools for home .,5.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,4.0
Nice product and good delivery,5.0
"Best product from Bosch and Amazon, great kit for house.",5.0
"Excellent kit, useful for DIY",5.0
Product seems to good . Have to use more to know more about the same .,4.0
Good quality,5.0
"nice product, easy to operation.",5.0
Good deal and good product,4.0
This product available for ra.3000 outside,5.0
Good quality and perfect for DIY projects.,5.0
Happy to have it.,5.0
Very Good,5.0
Very good tool kit. Needs to include a large and small sized screw driver. The drilling machine performs as good as advertised.,4.0
Good product,5.0
Easy to handle,5.0
Nice product..It is very useful .,5.0
Strength is minimum,3.0
Value for money,5.0
"Fine quality,most useful for home needs",5.0
Must to have for home DIY activities...,5.0
Wonderful kit to daliy purposes at home,5.0
best,5.0
Nice,4.0
Best,5.0
Excellent,5.0
works like a charm and very easy to use. Could do with a bit more power,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
it has everything in it.,5.0
Very nice product,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Very good product,5.0
Valuebale product,4.0
Very good productVFM definitely,4.0
Screw driver bits are very weak,3.0
Nice productBut plier size small steel tape graduate only metric system,4.0
Good product for house use. I don't know about industrial use.,5.0
Ok,3.0
Very good equipment.,5.0
Excellent tools.. Very helpful to meet homely needs,5.0
Useful,4.0
very good product,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Worth every penny,5.0
Very good product,5.0
Very good quality,5.0
Very nice product,5.0
good,4.0
Good Product,4.0
Really worth for money. Wonderful product from BOSCH.,5.0
Good,3.0
Good and helpful,4.0
Superior Quality - more than 5 Stars,5.0
good work,5.0
Excellent,5.0
A great essential for every house. Everything one would need to get things done around the house!,5.0
Excellent,5.0
Amazing product,5.0
Excellent,5.0
Good tool,5.0
Very well,5.0
Value for money,5.0
This will help in some maintenance of our house,3.0
Gr8 product. A must have for one’s home,5.0
Good,5.0
Handle was not given in the box,3.0
Always reliable “BOSCH”... 🤟🏽,5.0
In the box Adjustable wrench is missing,4.0
Very worth full product,5.0
Good product at good price range. One time investment .,5.0
Good product and usefulIt will save money,5.0
"The packing, the box, the items, the look and most importantly the feeling when you open it... Amazing",5.0
Product is awesome. This case is not good though. Tools keep falling.,4.0
Mind blowing purchase.. go for it without any doubt..,5.0
Very useful toolbox for domestic work.,4.0
Good Product. Thanks to Amazon and Bosch also.,4.0
Value for  money product. Could not expect more.,5.0
Awesome. I got more than expected.,5.0
Great product though made in china,5.0
House hold repairs -drilling holes for nailing etc,3.0
Bosch has a quality product. I am happy to use it.,4.0
Great and worth the money efficient on any surface,5.0
very nice item,5.0
Nice product and very useful,5.0
Nice to use,5.0
Great stuff,5.0
Excellent..,5.0
Gifted it to my friend. Just awesome. It had everything one needs for small works at home.,5.0
Very handy and easy to use,4.0
Nothing to say much as everyone a great product,5.0
Excellent Product...,5.0
Very good and useful product.,5.0
Good,4.0
I like the product,5.0
Very nice tool kit,5.0
Nice Kit,5.0
"Received the item as described in the website. Not used yet, but just checked that the Drill is in working condition",4.0
Drill bit's quality is very poor too soft.,3.0
Nice product for domestic and commercial work.,5.0
Good product. Purchased while on deals,5.0
GOOD PRODUCT.EASY TO USE.WORTH FOR MONEY GIVEN,5.0
"Machine not working, within one month its off.",1.0
some items is Missed in this box after long time only i can feel that,2.0
Good product,4.0
Awesome,5.0
Very useful and handy.,5.0
Nice item for home use,5.0
Excellent product for home use.,5.0
Received As specefication,5.0
so good items its relly helpful for my swt home,5.0
"Fantastic product,",5.0
Nice for home use,5.0
Product is good.,4.0
"Very good product, recieved fresh piece and writing great, the price could have been better.",4.0
Good prdct,5.0
Awsum kit.....no issues at all.....liked it,5.0
Nice prodect. good quality..I like it,5.0
Good product,5.0
Good product,3.0
Good product,5.0
Good product,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Good product,5.0
good product as described,4.0
"Excellent for normal home improvement, but lack of screw driver....Overall a value for money product.",4.0
Worth,5.0
Good,5.0
Very handy and very durable,5.0
Best quality,5.0
Good,4.0
Nice product for Domestic use,5.0
NicE product and good prIce,5.0
very good must for house,4.0
Drill & tools are very good,3.0
Excellent product for home.,5.0
There's nothing to dislike.,5.0
I GOT IT IN ONE DAY BUT THE PRODUCT SEEMS USED ONE.,2.0
good product. worth,5.0
Very worthy product,5.0
ALMOST GOOD PRODUCT,4.0
Quality is not so good,3.0
Easy to use,5.0
Easy to use,4.0
value for moneyMust for every,5.0
I strongly recommend this for a Mechanical Engineering department to have it...ease our work in workshop...Go ahead...,5.0
Nice product,4.0
Like,5.0
Good for money,5.0
"This is super fantastic, really happy with the quality n the packaging!",5.0
Excellant. Drill is superb.,5.0
Usefull products,4.0
nice product .drill is working good. not used the accessory items.,4.0
good utility product..i do recommend for tech teams..,5.0
Yes,5.0
a useful tool,4.0
Good,4.0
Best product,5.0
Very nice beautiful,5.0
Best in price range,5.0
Good for home tools,4.0
Good luck with that,4.0
Product is Good but d Delievery took too much time,4.0
Easy to use,5.0
Nyc product,5.0
Not Working,1.0
Great tools,5.0
much needed product ....,5.0
Very  fast drill,5.0
Excellent,5.0
Absolutely good.,5.0
Amazing product.,5.0
Very bad,1.0
Its nice,3.0
Nice and handy,5.0
Better,4.0
Very good product,5.0
Classy product,5.0
Nice product..,4.0
Better product,4.0
Super tool kit,5.0
Product manual should have eneough details about specific usage of materials supplied,5.0
Thanks,5.0
Amazing,5.0
good product,4.0
Really Nice Product,5.0
Very good product,5.0
Nice product received product as display on sideGood product,4.0
Grate,5.0
Awsome,5.0
good,4.0
Good,5.0
Like,3.0
Nice product,5.0
Good product,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Best product,5.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,5.0
Best product,5.0
Good quality,4.0
Good product,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,2.0
Giod,5.0
This product is so good,5.0
Good Combo,4.0
I liked it,5.0
It's awesome... Also nice...,5.0
Ok,5.0
Ok,3.0
Thanks you,5.0
all good but this not high power,4.0
Perfect for home use,5.0
Good product. Worth the money spent.,5.0
very useful and less price and good product,5.0
Nice quality,5.0
Very useful,5.0
nice one,4.0
I like,5.0
Amazing product,5.0
its nice,4.0
Good Product. Super Quality,5.0
Overall very good product.,4.0
Very nice product,4.0
good product for home use.,4.0
Very utility product.,5.0
Great Quality. Very Sturdy. Easy to use.,5.0
Good,4.0
As expected,5.0
This product good but driller speed is very bad,3.0
Good,4.0
"Very Happy, useful.",5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Very nice product to use,4.0
Nice combination ...,4.0
Good product,5.0
Best,4.0
No one thanks.,5.0
Good product and Amazon delivery is excellent,5.0
Very Good Quality tools,5.0
Very handy,4.0
"Its a very nice product, good quality, reasonable price, fast shipping, I recommend this.",5.0
Part is fake,3.0
Good,4.0
It’s very good useful and economical,5.0
"Good, very good.",5.0
Nice product,4.0
Excellent condition,5.0
on the second day of use the wooden bit just broke,2.0
Good,4.0
Good quality,5.0
Good and perfect for house hold requirement at affordable price,5.0
Gud,4.0
Everyone should have this,5.0
Super good,5.0
It is useful if they will provide screw driver also.,4.0
Key chunk was not in the box...Quality of other tools are not BOSCH level,2.0
Good product and fast delivery,5.0
Good and portable,5.0
Kit is really good and useful. as per the expectations from the brand Bosch. very good,5.0
Very good product,4.0
It was for my personal use; and meets my expectations.,5.0
nice tools,4.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,5.0
Good quality box,4.0
Light weight,4.0
Nice Product.,4.0
good,4.0
Looking is good  nice product,4.0
Good product in good price,4.0
Awesome,5.0
Good for home use,4.0
Good,4.0
its good,4.0
The quality is very good,5.0
Nice,5.0
Nice,4.0
Good,4.0
It's awesome.......,5.0
"I used to have a non branded impact drill and it was a pain, often the bits bend and it struggled to drill in concrete. I was sceptical while buying this as its also a normal impact drill and not like the  powerful hammer drill what usually those electritions and AC guys use.This Bosch drill has changed  my perception. Whats matters most is RPM and BPM. While using on concrete it doesnt even feel like its getting stuck or putting more force. Using it is a breeze. I installed mirror in bathroom drilling the tiles, a fan in my tv cabinet drilling wood and also passed LAN cable through walling by drilling in concrete from both sides. Best product.",5.0
It is a good choice for domestic purposes,4.0
Super prodect,5.0
I think it is better than 500 RE,4.0
"This was a gift for my dad and he loved it. But, I personally feel that this is not worth if you're looking out for home use. But if you're a professional, you should buy this without any hesitation. It's worth the price plus the quality is amazing.Note to the manufacturers: Proper instructions are missing from the manual as a lot of people might not know how to fix a part of​ the product.",4.0
Thanks for deliver on time but there is problem in product delivered 1. Combination pliers is different from the set since it is not fitting its place provided for it 2. Adjustable wrench is also not part of set which received 3. Scraper is missingThis means unit is reopen and delivered to me from your side,3.0
"Except drill Mechine rest all accessories are cheap and local, not made from Bosch, also in picture auxiliary handle was shown but in kit it's not available.I don't see any quality product in the entire kit.",1.0
Grt job. Before time delivery. But poor packing. Items are good. Drill machine suuuuuperb for household job... Lots of time saving as you can find all required tools at one place. Good for home.,5.0
Amazing product..Got it in lightning deal @2799 only..Best part is it has screwdriver mode as well as reversible option..Good product for home use..Can be used for buffing and polishing because of its speed mode..Motor is very powerful and build quality is best..And it has other tools too..Go for it..,5.0
"The drill is absolutely fantastic. Drills nicely and easily on any material or surface. Hammer action is good and drilling on concrete piller is smooth. Only thing is, Bosch should have given a option to control the speed, otherwise enough power for regular home use. But some of the items in kit could have been better. Measuring tape only has marking in cm. The use of drill as screwdriver is just for sake of having a feature. The torque might be good but as there is no speed control driveing it is dangerous at times, specially in tricky areas or if driving the screw needs precision. At times if you accidentally drive it in full speed, it breaks the screw head.",4.0
First of all its how can you include the screws tot the 100 items and here is my review the drill machine is good but the other accessories I expected that it would also be of bosh but they are cheap and could be brought from the local market .The hammer is good quality and I have used the driller and it servers the purpose I gave it 3 star just because its misguiding by saying 100 items and the other acct should also be of bosh otherwise why are you enclosing everything in the same box.,3.0
Awsm product good dirll machine and other tool also working on different mode dirll and for installation of screws.  Over all its a high quality product.,5.0
Got it in a deal with few cashbacks now I am using it for a month and i am done with my screws supplied with the kit. If u a DIY person / then this tool set with come in handy. Esp the drilling machine will serve most of the home needs ( drilling & screwing/ unscrewing ). If you are planning to install handfull things by yourself in home then it's good to go with this kit instead of paying to technician. It really worth the cost. It comes with a sealed pack and strudy plastic box which accomdates all tools . Holders for screwing bits are bit loose so tends to slip out apart from that all are intact in pack.,5.0
"Tool kit and Box specially is good but drill is not powerful enough to make a quick hole in the wall of the apartments. You have to push very hard and keep trying for more than 3-4 times to make 2 inch hole in the wall. Further 100 items include somewhere around 60 pieces of screw and their plastic holder (total cost must be less than Rs20/- in open market). Smartly mentioned as 99 items and making us fool, was not expected from Bosch.",3.0
Everythin was as expected... brand new and the box is sealed.. u need to cut ur seal to open the box. That feels good. The drill works just fine.. tested just now.. and happy about the purchase.Thank you.,5.0
"Good quality tools, Bosh never disappoints you in the field of quality. Also cleverly​ designed tool kit that would suffice all your DIY needs. Has bits for wood, metal and mesonary. Other essentials like screwdriver and wrench bits, cutting knife, spirit level and measuring tape make life easy. Box is also sturdy. Overall a marvelous package of all essentials that come in handy in day to day life.",5.0
"The brand name of Bosch is the major assurance for me. The hammer function, power, other functions and yes, the discounted price were the other attractions for me.Well, Let me explain the points which led me to give it a 5 star rating.👍 The machine has a 500W powerful motor which proves to be very efficient for all your household repair tasks.👍 The trigger provides various speeds. The more you press the trigger, faster the speed you will get. So, this is very useful while tightening a screw or something.👍 There is a sliding switch given at the top by which you can select the Hammer function or the Drill/Screwdriver function according to the nature and need of your task.👍 The black switch provided at the left side locks the RPM at your desired speed. So, you need not worry of damaging your valuables while using it as a screwdriver.👍 There's a red selector switch provided near the trigger which switches between the clockwise rotation and the anti-clockwise rotation of the drill. Needless to say, this proves to be a great help while working with screws.👍 The cable is of adequate length which makes it easy to work in any corner of the room with the machine plugged in.👍 The weight of the machine is around 2 kgs (with chuck key) and it's quite convenient to work with. Even I use it without any trouble.👍 The metal parts (including the chuck key also) are of premium quality and feel very sturdy and durable.",5.0
Over all product is good but all the tools and metal parts got rusted after 1 use which was not expected with a @Bosh products,3.0
"3 Star Rating is only for  "" Bosch Driller "" , which again is excellent product .0 Star Rating for Accessories , they all seems not to be from Bosch [Not Original Tools]. - I doubt durability for the tools given along with driller .",3.0
"I ordered this looking at so many positive reviews. I don't know if people are not examining the machine properly or I was the unlucky one to get a lemon. The drill chuck had noticeable amount of wobble. Things got worse after hooking up the screw driver bits. The wobble caused entire drill to shake while drilling and slip while screwing/unscrewing.I tried to google to see if chuck wobble was normal. Based on feedback across different forums, minor/negligible amount of wobble may be present in a drill. Typically it is considered acceptable. However if the wobbling is clearly visible to naked eye and also feels/vibrates during operation in a brand new machine then it is totally unacceptable. This is referred to as ""run-out"" and will eventually cause the machine to break-down. Based on the info collected, I finally decided to return for a refund.It is difficult to believe that a company as reputed as bosch is manufacturing such sub-standard products in India.",1.0
"this is my 3rd kit and yes the kit is really nice but one need to see if they require such a exhaustive tool... it would help in almost all the domestic fixes, just be careful on the material that  u drill and accordingly use the drill bit",4.0
"This is really good value for money. I am 57 yr old professor and have just shifted to my new house and was always having to workmen every LITTLE thing and wait for them to be free. Now I am able to all the work myself in very little time. The complete kit is what makes it worthwhile. Please don't buy only the drill separately as is available because then for every different job you have to get a different bit, but buy the complete kit",5.0
"Haven't had time to open it and even use it. But firstly the hard case itself has a dent. In India they dont believe in sending anything neatly ? Anything & everything comes in a shabby form. ""ohh only the box is broken right sir, drill is pakka ?"". I wish i could say ""oh only Rs.500 is lesser, rest ive paid right ?"".",3.0
"Revised review:Amazon : 5 stars for delivery, pickup and behaviour of courierBOSCH: 5 stars for after sales queriesWhy the review is being revised by myself from 1 star to 5 star:I was not aware of the hammer function for drilling into concrete. It works perfectly. There is no issue with the drill. BOSCH after sales team helped me with the query and the drill works fine on concrete. I drilled two test holes in the wall and it works as expected.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I bought this drill expressly to use at home but the masonry and HSS bits are useless on any kind of walls at home. I am not sure what to do now.Hopefully, I will check with a professional electrician or a mason and try something, else, I will return the product.",5.0
"The toolkit is actually a waste. If you try buying individual stuffs it would be half of the price.There is no proper holder for screw driver , you cannot put proper force to open . The material is very poor. The pliers got wet once and the next day they caught rust.  Overall, its a cheap and waste product. Its better to buy from other forum . Amazon cheated on me!! Very disappointed.",1.0
Except the drill machine rest all other tools are made of cheap quality. Even the quality of the outer box is very bad. I dont think it will sustain for a long period of time.,3.0
The screw driver does not work as the switch to reduce the gear for driver operation is not working.... It rotates at the same speed. Also the auxiliary handle was not supplied. Bad experience. For so much money what u get is not satisfactory.... Unfortunately was out of town n could not initiate return in time... Now I'm stuck with this half useful machine...,2.0
Very handy. Only flaw is there is no detailed manual about various function of drill machine and no information about which bit to use for which purpose. But there are lot of videos on youtube which you can refer. Otherwise its perfect!,4.0
"First 5 star for delivery.However the product is just satisfactory, lacks in quality as the screwdriver heads get easy wear and tear after a single day of usage.Should have bought a better product.",3.0
They product was not properly packed. There was a strain in the bottom of the box like it had fallen somewhere.Otherwise I would have given 5 star.The product is working superb.,3.0
"the drill itself seems to be a quality product.the accessories especially the wrench, the measuring tape, seem to be far less standards and low quality product.the hammer seems strurdy enough with good rubber grip, the multi utility knife also is mediocore.",4.0
An excellent product.  Have been all to use it only twice but have had a great experience.  I was a little apprehensive about it after reading few reviews given by some  but I believe that a product like this with such a price must be appreciated.  Someone had mentioned that only the drill machine is worth the buy but I would like to discard such suggestions and would like to encourage interested buyer to go for it.  None of the products in the box are of a cheap quality but rather all products are decent and stable.  This includes the measuring tape as well as the wrench.,5.0
"A perfect kit for your household.First thing perfect delivery from Amazon arrived one day early.Coming to the Machine, a superb drilling machine from Bosch. Having 500W power is sufficient to do household work. The machine comes with Two-way mode selector,  Hammering and drilling, along with forward and reverse rotation. No need of experience, just go through the manual and Do It Yourself.Secondly, the quality of the material is good but not that much strong as Taparia Tools.I have attached some of the pics showing how neat the work can be done using this machine.",4.0
"The packing was excellent , hence the product was received in good condion. Just started using it and it serves the purpose. However, this is to mention that the promised auxillary handle was found to be missing from the box.Apart from that, all is fine. It is a good buy and the box is worth the money you pay for.",4.0
but at the time of receiving one part ( cutter is missing) otherwise product is good,2.0
"very sturdy and smooth drilling machine with 3 different kinds of bits. Only thing is that there is no screw driver, so you'll have to use the drill machine only to screw - the drill has 2 options - to screw and hammer drill.",4.0
"Useful household product, Simple nailing work can be done without the need of a technician.",5.0
"Bosch is a trusted brand, infact ni review required. It is definitely a quality product useful for both home a d professional use.",5.0
Good kit it can add some necessity tools,3.0
Loved itI can say all in one,5.0
"I striked a deal @ 2899. A fantastic product and timely delivery. The driller had a slight damage to the body so I didn't mind since it's the body. It could have had a tester. Tried my hands on drilling bathroom tiles and walk fixing fixtures, was working great. Have to be careful with him buttons. Sure manual  don't give much info, rely on youtube!!",4.0
Nice home use product ...no problem even drilling cement walls,5.0
"Worked great for me, an amateur at drilling! The hammer feature is quite useful for drilling concrete.",5.0
"The quality of the container is not that great. When opened the box, the inner side of the box was cracked.",1.0
Very powerful and high quality drill. All other items are of good quality. Loved it,5.0
"The flat screw driver provided in it, broke when I tried to unscrew a screw on my wooden bed. Moreover the casing was damaged during the time of delivery. The screw drivers usually fall out of their place every time you close the casing.",2.0
good investment of money,5.0
"The kit has all the described parts, and the drill is working properly ( as per preliminary test) , but the seal is broken in the box.",3.0
Good. Delay on delivery.,4.0
Got the product and was Happy with it. All the items were present and it was well packed in a case. Product is good for the person who is interested in this.,5.0
Great product. Great components. Awesome price. Everything works well and is well built.,5.0
seal was broken,2.0
This is an awesome product for personal use. All the fittings at home can be done by its use.,5.0
"Getting heated up very fast, just made 2 holes,  and the bit is damaged.  Very low quality drilling bits.",3.0
worth it,5.0
Wastage of money... Machine is not powerful enough to make a simple hole in concrete wall...I waste my money and time both....,2.0
good product,5.0
Nice product for house hold works,5.0
Drill machine is good..Other tools average..,3.0
Perfect for DIY projects,4.0
Good product,5.0
But one thing is missing in this box that is screw drive,3.0
Its ok,5.0
Easy to use.,4.0
Utility item.,5.0
"Great package for home usage, only thing missing is a stand alone screw driver.",5.0
Very useful and good quality,5.0
This product is amazing.,5.0
Its now no working u dont give proper invoices,1.0
This kit very useful in home,5.0
Very handy,5.0
good,4.0
Drills are under quality,1.0
Good tool but the drill bits need to be stronger,4.0
"Got delivery in time.But when I open it, Seal is tampered..So,returned it..A week time got waste, awaiting for it..Anyway,now going for 13RE/600GB....should see at least if it will come with seal intact",3.0
Very nice product,5.0
Better quality....,5.0
Drill machine is not working. Very bad experience.,1.0
nice,5.0
"nice product, worthfull",5.0
Very good tool set.,4.0
Works perfectly. The functionality matches the description given on the website. Hassle free order to delivery process. Better discount than any other ecommerce sites. Great stuff to use for households. I used to rent these earlier for 100 bucks every time and now I own it myself. A very wise investment if you are looking at managing things on your own than hiring an electrician or so for simple household work. A definite money saver in various aspects.Thank you Amazon for being the caterer of such a product. Bosch at its best.,5.0
good tool,4.0
It comprises necessary home tool kits.,4.0
"Its very powerfull , but i was disappointed as the packing was too bad , the packing was open but drilling set was alright . This was brought from cloudtail seller . The quality of product is as expected (Superb). If you r a professional u should but i think not for home usage . The drilling machine heats up quick . In total i was only disappointed by the packing .",4.0
Placed this order on 16th July. Used drill machice only twice. I have kept the kit in clean and dry place. Bits have already started to rust in Bangalore,2.0
Highly dissatisfied with the quality of drill machine.....On very first day I used the machine and just after 3 drills it gave up and stopped working...I spent 3500/- for the trust of brand name BOSCH but it looks like it some duplicate china made product which did not last even overnight.,1.0
"1) Think of a toolkit that dosent have a screw driver. Detachable  bits or heads are there but do they really expect me to u se a drill machine to unscrew.2) The ranche /pana is so thick that it dosent fit in simple places ,for example could not unscrew wheels of a chair3)No allen/hex keys4) the moulding in the case are bad quality, the bits keep falling of and the package isant even a week old5) below avg i d say",1.0
For domestic purpose this is very useful kit. Cost worthy product.No doubt about performance of drilling machine.Drilling bits are in very good quality. Myself entire home shift work done with this tool kit. I am believing amazon always gives very good product. Very much thanks to Bosch and seller for this product.,5.0
"Have used this tool set before, had to have one for home. Great value for the price, the price sometimes dips to around 2500 buy it then !Basic drill set with some masonry, hss and wood drills. Very handy box too.",5.0
Got it before the delivery date. Was perfectly sealed. No damages. Really happy to see all items intact. Nothing missing. Good quality as well. Yet to put it to use. Will review once used as well. You don't get the extra grip holder along this set. So you may need to buy that seperate.,5.0
The brand name it self is enough to describe the machine. the entire kit is a power house packed set of tools. As usuall no surprises with Quality & finish of product & Amazon does not disappoint with the packing and the delivery. !!,5.0
No words to explain every product in the kit is above the mark of expectations. Drill is at the top .. a value for money .. can buy at any time and gets to to go least dependent on any kind of small works at home. BOSH is the BRAND ..,5.0
Good for home use . The drill machine is powerful . The only thing I didn't like was the bosch seal was broken but looks like everyone here is getting the box like that . I would recommend this to everyone who are trying to make a tool kit for home .I received it today and I started to use it . Will write more after few more days of use .,4.0
"Product lives up, to it's description.In my 1 week ownership till now, all I did was masonry i.e. wall, tiles and wood drills, for door hangers, curtains, etc, followed by some screwing and unscrewing, and this drill machine lives up to it's expectation.Was impressed with hammer action, front and reverse rotation, variable speed option, hold button, easy removal of bits from chuck.Noticed minor sparks, but that thing is pretty normal I guess due to brushes. I noticed them while drilling in wall on hammering mode. People say that if it ain't sparking your brushes have worn out. So, don't panic if you see sparks.",4.0
The machine is good but the bits break very easily especially the bits for metal. But all over everything was OK as discribed. Satisfied with the product in this price.,4.0
"It's beautifully crafted tough product. Highly recommended for DIY, home projects. Ca n be used professionally too! Case is Rock solid.*** PS: FOR people complaining about tools getting rusted, please put 4-5 silica gel packets inside the case so that in absorbs all the moisture and leaves your equipment of any rust.",5.0
Damaged item received and also look used,1.0
"Very good. I received it for my birthday gift from my wife. Received before expected date. Thank you, Amazon!",5.0
"For novice and experienced using 10 RE1. Pls buy handle and gauge missing in 10 RE, just for stability.2. Buy tape to keep screw bits holding together, once u start using. (Yellow mark)3. Bits are of 👎 quality, don't know how long they will survive specially metal bits !!buy extra bits.4. Bosch shud told beginners about bit identification from right to left ( metal, masonry and wood).5. Manual missing or any product video ??Good for pure home purposes. Do watch YouTube vids before starting.",4.0
A must for every home and a nice product...bad case that left all drill bits tossed up. Struggled to find and check if all in place or missing. Case was delivered in its original cover... No card board box used... Surprising and disappointed as my order is exposed.,1.0
"If like my review dan plases gave me helpful votes. If can follow me my youtube channel link here my profileA two-in-one drill and screwdriver set, the Bosch GSB 10 RE kit is perfect for both beginners as well as professionals. Whatever the job, this drill will become your best friend with its many accessories that ensure that you never need to call the repairman anymore. The most compact in its range, with an ergonomic design that is easy for beginners and experts alike, it comes in a tool kit that accommodates 100 accessories covering everything you will need while working.",4.0
"Looks good but its incomplete....Why there are Srewdriwer Bits inside when you can not use them with the Maschine. This GSB10 cannot be controlled from 0 -2600 rpm it can only zero or fullspeed as the controller cannot handle a softpush, so uncontrollable and unusable for srew-bits or nuts. Waht is missing is a manual grip or holder to use this bits and nuts. The rest of the material is quite cheap in material and looking. But the drill is working and it can pierces holes into solid walls. The included set of dowels are helpfull as very difficult to get in India.The Bosch productmanager who created this set has never done ""Do it yourself"" practice ...... Sorry this an ""E"" ....",2.0
"good product in home tools

Bosch GSB 10 RE Home Tool Kit (100 accessories)",5.0
H4 srewdrivet bit is missing and machine handler not in the box.,4.0
Very good kit for home and domestic use. Sad part you will not get the front handle which you will get in the kits sold in shops.,4.0
Good product I'm happy,4.0
Awesome,5.0
Serves it's purpose,4.0
Vist prodat,5.0
Highly recommended,5.0
Very useful product. I like it very much.,5.0
Local material excluded machine but low power machine,1.0
31  yug,5.0
nice product with budget thanks.,5.0
Good product,4.0
Best,5.0
Nice one,5.0
It's good,5.0
Handily miss,5.0
Good,4.0
Good tool,4.0
Good,5.0
it's goog,4.0
Good,5.0
Realy its super,5.0
Excellentt product,5.0
This is smart kit,5.0
,4.0
What is warranty period,3.0
"useful product, supplied original product as mentioned in web site.nicely packed. any one can buy it without thnking abt",5.0
offer 3299 is nothing....if get it for 2800 is good offer,4.0
Machine is ok but drill bits are not good rusted soon.Pliers insulation is very poor get elctric shock at high volt handling.,1.0
"Full value for money, I am using this drilling machine since more than 2.5 years, without any problem. I strongly recommend this for home users.",5.0
Good product,5.0
Good,3.0
Useful & good,4.0
Nyc,2.0
Worth buying,5.0
Dislike because its geting heat in little use of time and bits are very delicate not usefull,4.0
Reliable item,5.0
Good,5.0
Must buy,5.0
Not operated,5.0
Value for money,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
very usful,5.0
Nice product,4.0
As expected.... good product,5.0
Its awsm,5.0
Good,5.0
Hammer broken,4.0
Cancelled,5.0
