review,rating
"I bought this after reading many reviews on Amazon but the sound quality was very average which is very similar to other cheap price product in market. The audio is clear but no bass. If you like music with bass than this speaker is not for you. It works like a charm with Bluetooth connectivity, but the sound quality gets distorted.If you are seriously looking for a good quality sound output with some decent bass, then this speaker is not the one to consider. After giving this a trial... I bought Mifa A1 and to my surprise this was the one I was waiting for. Sound quality is superb and as the brand claims.. This speaker is actually water resistant. The build quality is great and battery backup is surprisingly good. The main difference between JBL Go and Mifa A1 1.      Sound quality is very clear and powerful in Mifa A1. In JBL Go the sound starts cracking after you increase the volume.2.      The battery backup of MIFA is around 8 hours whereas of JBL is only 2 hours.3.      I poured 2 glasses of water on MIFA and it didn’t affected its operation on sound. For JBL, I can’t even think of doing so.4.      The BT version of JBL go is 4.1 whereas MIFA A1 has 4.2 version.5. Size and lookwise MIFA A1 is better then JBL Go.",3.0
"Average speaker, i bought it for watching movies on Mac book air. its loudest volume is equal to the laptop. Quite low performance, Bluetooth doesn't have password, so anyone can connect, its pretty frustrating. other brands like boat etc are much better. Not recommended.",3.0
"I was using JBL go since last one year and it was awesome and just upgraded to this jbl go 2 ,it has all feature same as JBL go and below are differences which I could find1)JBL Go 2 is water proof2)JBL go to 2 has good baas compared to JBL go3)Bluetooth range littile higher than JBL go4)JBL go2 has vibration because it has good baas so when u r using this speaker keep in safe place because on full volume it falls down if u keep on corner places or u use this during bath☺️ then it fall down this was not the case with JBL Go but this is not an issue it's because sound bass is very good.5)JBL go had one side charging &Aux cable point which JBL GO 2 also has but its covered so looks good. Also this speaker design is better than JBL go howeverOne minor change JBL go has option other side of charging point u could tie the speaker in ur bag or somewhere but that has been removed from JBL go 26)JBL go 2 also comes with usb cable but no charger or aux cable as it was in JBL go also7)Battery is also same as previous versionOverall JBL go2 design and sound quality wise  better than JBL Go but littile high in the pricing .",4.0
"Excellent product from JBL, I really loved it. It’s sound it’s compactness. It’s a portable speaker made for music lovers. It’s connectivity also very easy and fast. It’s durable and I will definitely recommend you to buy. The best part is it has a AUX in put and a mic which allows you to speak through the mic when u attend a phone call . And it has really clear sound without any noise. But one thing I have noticed that it has very poor performance when comes to its battery. It lasts hardly 4 hrs when u play nonstop music with loud volume.But apart from that its a fabulous product. Go for it.",5.0
"After a detailed research bought this as a gift. I am already using the original JBL GO for more than 2 years and am really impressed with the output. Hence had a peace of mind while buying this. The GO 2 is a good product and highly portable. Its is fairly loud and has a decent amount if bass (while nothing as compared to the higher models of JBL / Sony / Bose).In a nutshell if you are looking for a great speaker within the 2k bracket, which is portable and produces good sound quality, then this is the product for you.",4.0
"Excellent product from JBL, I really loved it.Connectivity:- 9/10Pros-Bluetooth version: 4.1 make the connectivity very easy&fast.Cons-There is no password facility so it may bother to someone who love to personalize the things.  For me it's not an issue.Other options for connectivity:- 10/10It has a AUX input and a mic which allows you to speak through the mic when u attend a phone call .Portability:-10/10It’s a portable speaker made for music lovers. It's very compact and light weight so very easy to port it anywhere and enjoy the music.Sound Quality:-The sound quality of the speaker is excellent. It's base is able to full a 10*10 room completely. It's only 3.1W RMS but sound output is fantastic.Color Options:- 10/10I ordered Teal color. It's also available in different colors which are following: Teal, Yellow, Pink , Blue, Grey, Orange ,Red ,Black. So nobody will be dissatisfied as there are many color variants. Choose the one which you love.Battery performance:- 8/10 Lithium-ion polymer (3.7V, 730mAh). Battery is slightly weaker than other Famous Brands like Bose, Amazon Basic. But it's not a big difference. It gives Up-to 5 hours battery backup with full volume . It's sufficient. Other Brands give up-to 6 hours battery back with full Volume so it's not a big difference until it matters to you.Best thing , it takes only 2.5 hours to charge it fully.Pricing :-9/10Price is genuine as per the quality. Other Brands are also in the same price range so price is competitive.Finally I can say it's a must buy product.",5.0
Love the size and portability.. Not much difference in sound power.. Good for indoor purposes,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   An excellent product from the sound giant JBL. Sound is loud enough . Bass wansn't extraordinary but reasonable.  100% waterproof.  It had a very good blootooth connectivity. Sound is enough to fill a room and it was distinct and clear.In build  Mic was working properly for my cellphone( google assistant, voice call etc.).It had an auxillary port . Excellent product in this price range with a great branding and a 1 year warrenty. Indeed you can go for it. 😊😊",5.0
"Superb voice. With good copy of songs, you get feeling of 'fullness' of voice in the room of 10 X 10 feet size. Bass is little less than expected but those who listen old melodies, Indian classical etc it's sufficient to enjoy. Gets connected easily to Android phone. You can pick up and answer right from the speaker. I didn't check battery power so can't comment about it.",5.0
"Truth be told I'm not much of a techie person. So if you're looking for a really professional review using big terms and are looking for an opinion about this product in a techie point of view don't read this review...... However what review I'll give you is my honest opinion on the product in a normal persons point of view... The sound quality of the speaker is excellent,maybe not as good as a Bose or something like that,but if you're looking for a speaker for purposes varying from chilling with friends during a sleepover or a simple dance rehearsal,then I highly recommend this. It is also very very light weight,and easy to carry around ( I for one have carried this in my pocket) The colour (I ordered the hot pink one) is bright and great if you want to make a statement. So if you leave it somewhere and forget about it, someone will probably call you up,and will also probably return it back to you because the pink is attractive and they've noticed it.(or they might not,you know, they might just take it for themselves...who knows??) So if you're looking for a speaker to begin with...then go for it,buy it..you'll love it.",5.0
"Very clearly, the day I got I really expected may be a lot ? But then a JBL speaker and let me mention it clearly again, ""an original JBL Speaker"", should or may be would sound to be really crisp and clear. Now please for damn don't say that for Rs 1399 I want a more original Bose or so to say Bowers and Wilkins or something of that cadre, but Man the clarity !??A JBL speaker would and should always have it. Don't go on my English here. Just try to understand that it seems not much real and that's what I am more concerned about. A local vendor next to my house (even if known to) may sell me a 'D' and for once that can be clear with the logics but on Amazon (which has all state of art testing and ratings) should check to it. I may be wrong here. But peeps, very clearly I feel its not real and somewhat close to it which is good but then giving us the feeling of real and playing it fake? Well that hurts :DYeah emotions are tough. But then lets not get private and into ""friendzone"" side and be practical and ask the vendors that ""Bhaiya original de do yar thode aur paise le ke!?""Kudos !",3.0
"Loud and clear, its only when you listen to other higher end expensive speakers that you realize that the bass could be better. But then for the price, its good enough.Got a slate colour, which is basically grey with a tinge of pale blue. Would have preferred a little more richer deeper shade, that's a personal choice.Am using it mainly as a speaker phone, the mid tones are clear which is great for calls. Mic is good enough as long as you don't go too far from the speaker.",5.0
"After a detailed review and comparison between many brands, I decided to purchase JBL GO 2 which is worth the money. I got this product just for 1999. I am very happy with this product so far. - Sound quality is fantastic - Bass is very good - Higher Bluetooth range compared to other brands - Speaker size is small so it's easy to carry it anywhere",5.0
The device keeps stopping in between despite of full charge... It just abrupty stops and has to be restarted....happened so many times....,1.0
It's really worth for ur money.... Quality is awesome !Highly recommended if u are particular about Quality....Fully satisfied about the performance....,5.0
"Really liked the reviews about the product so bought it last year in march 2018.But after one year in april, it stopped operating. Charging happens for 2-3 min and red light got switch off.When tried to use it in one minute blue light switec to red light and after another minute it gets switched off.Don't know why JBL, such a brand in the world of speakers, make these faulty products.As I read in the reviews most people got their money worth(which I also got for one year) but now it's completely waste.Please stop doing this to customers.",1.0
Very very nice speaker i like this,5.0
"Overhyped product. Worst sound quality. Only Loudness, No Bass. Pretty disappointed with the product.",1.0
"This is a truly nice and useful product to have.1. Very convenient for Online Meetings, Webinars which have grown & popularising especially during this lockdown time/ WFH. We can hear loud and clear sound without having to put on earphones for hours.Also more than one person can hear/participate.2. For normal phone calls, great convenience with-  a. Can receive/put/cut calls (volume Up/Down control also) without having to reach out to our mobile phone.  b. No need to hold the phone on ear or even can avoid earphones/ wire-tangles etc.  c. It’s good convenience to be able to take it wherever you are working, even bit messy areas like kitchen & bathroom etc, also with hands & ears free of phone or accessories.  d. Also great to have a family call with many persons participating or even just hearing the call.3. For listening to music, it’s good enough (or just okay sort for music enthusiasts) although lacks punchy bass, stereo effects etc.PROs:1. Very compact and light weight, so extremely portable. Can comfortably be carried in laptop/office bag, smaller handbags and women’s purses.2. Loud sound with very good clarity (typical JBL sound quality as they claim)3. Bluetooth connects really Quickly n Smoothly once we set pairing with our mobile phone.4. Sturdy build, premium looks.5. Available in 7-8 Multiple colours to match any preferences. (if you have no specific colour preference then good to go for Black which looks more decent and less prone to look dirty over its lifetime).6. Seems okay to take inside bathroom/toilet (without having to carry your smartphone also), although it’s not certified waterproof.7. Satisfaction of having quality product of a Premium Brand in sound (JBL), so peace of mind also.CONs:1. None really, especially for its size and price band.But just to mention few, first one would be lack of deep bass (which could although be acceptable being okay for the size & price).No deep or punchy bass (so new punchy-bass songs or tabla-dholki kind of music may not be quite enjoyable on JBL Go. But it’s good enough for old genre music where punchy bass may not be too important).For good bass in such small size speakers, one may need to shell out more money and go for higher range in Sony, Bose and like.2. Boxy design- just like a rectangular box. :D(JBL Go 2 is its waterproof upper version whose edges/corners are more rounded; I guess it costs about ₹500 more.)3. Price is little bit on higher side.It has in fact increased to ₹1699 while I bought it at ₹1499 at the beginning of this month itself, i.e. Jul-20 (also got additional 10% discount on SBI Credit card *ongoing offer then).*Special Tip- Check for cashback/discount offers applicable at present. Typically Amazon keeps introducing such offers with different credit/debit cards- usually of ONE Bank at a time, and typically running for 3-4 days, after which you can see it gone and same/similar offer now on some other card. Keep looking for one that you or your family/friend may have (credit/debit card).If you have just above utility/expectations as mentioned above and ok with the price then just go for it. It’s a nice tiny accessory that won’t disappoint you!Hope you find this bit lengthy n detailed but well-covered (typical my kind) review useful. :-)",5.0
"Pretty good speaker.. I use it to attend my conference calls as I have be on call for almost whole day. Battery backup is rpetty good, but I usually keep it plugged in. Only issue i thinking is, there are two modes headphone mode and headset mode(i see two options in my laptop) one mode it pretty loud and clear, but i cannot youtube if i am already on call... Other mode is very low but able to play both sounds together... I am confused because of this... For single use its perfect speaker. Mike is clear without echo.",4.0
"Sound is superb,good color, portable",5.0
"It is a nice product. No deviation from actual description of the blue tooth speaker and mic. It is sturdy yet beautiful piece, out body is attractive. Though I find it pricy because been just over a month and I get a wiggly disturbance even when the speaker is 3 meters away from the phone or laptop. This is too early to respond badly. I notice that now if take the speaker over 4 meters away from the connected device, the sound vanishes. But during lock down and with too many meetings, this is my best bet.I use it everyday for zoom calls and phone calls (up to 6-7 hours). It connects swiftly to both laptop and phone. Sound quality is good, noise cancellation is super good. No one on the other side complains of anything - my voice, volume, background noise, no issues there.",4.0
I am writing this review after some months of usage.Portability🔸 it's so easy to carry as it fits in pocketSound Quality🔸By seeing it's size some of you might be thinking that it's sound range will be bad its absolutely wrong because as like every jbl products it also has very good sound quality which fills the whole area.when I played for the first time I couldn't even belive it's sound quality with high bassBluetooth connectivity🔸If blutooth is ON it connects the paired mobile with no timeWaterproofI haven't tested it yet.Connection🔸You can connect it via bluetooth or with aux cableI Don't know how to thank JBL for making this amazing product with this priceGo for it!!!👍🏻Hope this helped someone,5.0
"Music play sound quality is better. But if you are thinking to buy this to use mic for calls like to attend online meetings, lecture of your kids using Zoom, Teams and/or phone calls like normal phone calls or Whatsapp calls, PLEASE PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. I buy this after seeing many comments like mic is working fine, but the sound quality for calls is very bad, bass is too high that you are not able to understand what caller is talking. Mic is little good in call but due to sound clarity, you may not understand the opposite person's voice. I am honestly writing this review so that other person may not buy this and waste the money as it is not returnable product.",2.0
"Device Microphone does not work, waste of money, if you need it for Office meetings and Kids Study Classes.I bought it for both purpose....And you can return it... I tried it twice and waiting for replacement or return my money for couple of weeks.Then gave it my maid's son to listen music :)",1.0
"This is one of the finest devices for travel. Battery lasts long , easy to charge and built quality is amazing. Prices are competitive as well. I gifted this to some of my colleagues and they we're thrilled.Update after using it on a few trips . Really worth it and couldn't have asked for more. So easy to pair and the battery backup is wonderful. Good sound for such a tiny speaker and more than enough for a 12*12 room or outdoor camping spots. Overall very happy",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I was about to give a 4 🌟 rating for this product as it's compact and easy to carry(which I have  nvr done) and for its sound clarity for this price range... But I decided to review after using for some days... Unfortunately or fortunately I forgot to give rating ..after few months of lite usage it suddenly cutoff from the bluetooth device... I thought it's my mobile problem later I checked with all the other bluetooth devices I have... So it's getting switched on but couldn't connect with them...within few months of purchase it's stopped working... Poor product... I'm giving for service personnel..will review again once I get back the product...",1.0
"I tried out 6 portable speakers:• JBL GO 2 Portable Bluetooth Waterproof Speaker, black, 4.3 x 4.5 x 1.5• Bluetooth Speaker,LFS Wireless Speaker Portable Loud Stereo Sound 10W Rich Bass 80ft Bluetooth Range,MP3 Mini Speaker Bluetooth• Speaker Portable - Mini Bluetooth Speaker w/Superior Clarity and Enhanced Heavy Bass, Powerful Big Sound Driver, 33Ft Wireless Range, Up to 6 Hours Playtime Premium Wireless Bluetooth Speak by Rock Space• MuveAcoustics Portable Bluetooth Speaker - Loudest Wireless Stereo Sound for Home and Travel, Blue• OontZ Angle 3 New Enhanced Edition Portable Bluetooth Speaker with 100ft Wireless Range, Volume Booster AMP 10 Watts Power, Custom Bass Radiator, Crystal Clear Stereo Sound, IPX5 Splashproof• AmazonBasics Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker - BlackI tried them all out for sound quality, and the better sounding ones were (in rough order from best to least impressive): the Oontz, the Rock Space, the JBL, and (kinda surprisingly) the AmazonBasics. The sound quality on the LFS was acceptable but not nearly as good as the others, and the Muve sounded like crap. I did not compare them in terms of battery time, and I haven’t had them long enough to comment on their durability. Happy listening!so if this review helped you please vote it helpful.",5.0
"I have noticed that the moment this product is used in connection with a video call (Zoom, Teams, etc.) on wireless, the quality of the wi-fi connection immediately degrades. The connection starts breaking and reconnecting repeatedly, making the overall experience of the video call extremely unpleasant.The minute I switch off the bluetooth connectivity to the speaker or switch off the speaker itself, the wireless connection is restored to it original good quality.This is a severe problem since the main reason someone would buy this speaker is for video calls and conferences.",3.0
"Even if I can help one person with this review…! This is a very small (exactly half the size of your 5 inch phone) and a poor quality device. The sound quality is extremely poor – even full volume on both your phone and the device will not make it audible outside of your home. I tried with multiple songs – both inside and outside – same result. For meetings and calls, this will still fall short of your expectation as you have to struggle to listen because the full volume doesn’t make the sound audible enough. At full volume, the sound cracks making it an overall poor quality device. Never buy this item. Go for a different one.",1.0
"Reviewing after Two years of purchase, I'm very satisfied with the product and quality. Even you can feel every beat whether volume is high or low. JBL signatures volume from harman karden. I use it everyday it has great bettry backup. HIGHEST QUALITY VOLUME with such a Narrow size device it is very small jus more than a ATM card. Its price worth the value it provide. So don't for the cheaper brand if you need All Rounder Performance. ❤️",5.0
"Speaker sound is good.Mic is horrible, person at other end will complain that your voice is very low, not audible or coming from distance.Anyone buying should buy it for its speaker, not as a speaker phone.",3.0
"For the price paid, this provides adequate listening experience with very decent sound quality that is well balanced and clear. The highs and mids are articulated well. The bass is also present and noticeable. But do not expect rumbling deeps and thumps. This is not the speaker for that. Its a perfect speaker for casual music and for browsing YouTube videos and TedX lectures.This is definitely not my pick for serious music sessions or for group listening. This is strictly for personal use only. For a better music quality combined with Portability, I'll pick HK Onyx series.",5.0
"I haven't really compared with the same price range speakers, just bought it in name of JBL but it's just so good, I have been using it for the past 6 months, the battery still gives the same backup and the sound is just amazing for this tiny speaker, takes less space in the bag and can be carried anywhere. The bass is nice and the sound is soothing.",5.0
"Sound quality is awesome especially for bass lovers. Actually ordered for my dd's online class where mobile is used. Not interested to headphones of kind as she is 7 yrs. Hence searched for good bluetooth speaker with mic. Yes it is very useful for us now, i was in a very doubt with the mic. But it doesnt disappointment. Mic and audio quality are ""vera level"" (woah awesome) in these days manly it can be used for zoom meetings especially for kids...",5.0
"Hmmmm it's pretty good 👍🏻✨. 😑 My eyes just tricked me at the time i ordered. I thought I saw just around 800 rupees but when I checked my order details, meh it' 1500 something . Anyways i'll keep it.. thanks it came good for me.. and the sound quality is good. Surround sound...After five months of usage :Sound quality went down gradually and now the speaker is bad . Not lasting",5.0
"JBLgo2 is as same as it's predecessor jblgo but the main differences are, go2 have bass radiator, ipx7 rated water resistant and little bit stronger speaker of 3.3 watts.Go2 have heavy voice output than Go and bass radiator radiate vibrations better than other 10w speakers in this range. Some speakers looses some tones with radiating bass but in this speaker doesn't do that it produces all tones and notes are accurate at same time. If you want to hear heavy sound then buy this but if you have JBLGO and you like soft voice then don't buy this. And one thing more that JBLGO2 distorted many times during music play and I didn't feel these distortion in JBLGO.",4.0
"This product is amazing. I am using it since about a month, with nice audio experience. Doesn't feel like that it is a little portable blue tooth unit. Instead, performance wise , it can beat it's seniors also. FEELS LIKE ALMOST A BIGGER SIZE SPEAKER ON ACCOUNT OF IT'S SOUND QUALITY. Sound level, Bass ,production of all sound notes.....It performs more than my expectations. I have gone mad on JBL products. A few months back, I purchased a JBL BAR STUDIO for enhancement of my Smart TV's sound in my bedroom. That product also surpassed my overall expectations. KEEP IT UP, JBL. This is the quality, which makes a customer fully satisfied based on it's performance and looks.",5.0
"It's a 3W speaker, even though it performs similar to a 5W it is still won't go beyond a medium sized room with enough loudness. With that said, this thing is built like a tank. My unit feels solid when held in the hand, is properly bodysealed experienced multiple water splashes and the water resistance puts up perfectly. Connection is also a breeze no matter which device I use. The audio doesn't crack until somewhere between ~80-90% volume which is very good. The battery easily lasts 6hours and above of non-stop death metal at 70% volume after a full charge, could go higher. Highly recommended.",5.0
"Pros:It's a great product at this price range. It is lightweight compact and portable. The sound range is also good. Supports 3.5 output to other speakers or headphones. The Bluetooth connectivity range is quite good. Also supports wireless calling and it's Calling voice quality is also very good. Calling voice input is very good, it is clear and crisp.Cons:Personally I felt that the voice quality could have been a little bit better. Moreover the touch keys on the top of the speaker are too rigid and needs good attention to operate. The indicator light is blue while operating. I think the position of the light would have been changed so that when the speaker is lying down or tilted the indicator is still visible.",4.0
"initially when I look at the product, it was small since pic and video provided in the product quiet a big one. anyway, thats a marketing strategy. my initial experience is great except product size..* sound quality is great* Abel to connect wired with my laptop and also using Bluetooth for my mobile. hence, dual usage* I bought AUX cable (male to male) and able to make office calls using AUX cable since bluetooth not allowed in my office laptop.. so more with less* nice product for my mobile, laptop and office calls.all in one solution",4.0
"Excellent bang for your buck. Small in size, quite loud. For my taste,  the sound is too bassy. I would have loved it to be set with little more treble than it is. Excellent build quality and more than adequate battety life for my use: 2-3 hours per evening.No regrets about the purchase. Best thing is I can take it around the house and listen to music anywhere.... Bedroom, kitchen, study or on the rooftop....Highly Recommended.",5.0
"I saw good reviews n bought it. Sound quality is not as good as HP. Battery backup is worst. Unlike hp speaker, o can't use it while it's charging.  I should have bought hp. It's much better than this.And they don't give the option to return it. You can only replace the product which is of no use for me. I miss HP speakers and will buy it. This was nothing but waste of money for me.",1.0
"Highly mobile - you can simply put this in your pocket and be mobile. I use in my Mahindra Thar as there is no inbuilt music system in it. Product has survived many a bumps that our roads have on offer. Using it for over a year. Battery life is decent - easily clocks 2 hours of max sound output. Sounds quality can be improved - treble is good, bass needs real rework. Phone calls - mic quality can be improved. For overall cost point of view - a great buy.",4.0
"Excellent connectivity, very good sound quality and self turn off while idle. A life saver during the time of virtual workspace as one can join calls without headset. Mic pick up is quite good. Battery life is fantastic. Overall it's a total value for money speaker.",5.0
My wife loves this speaker a lot. Good product for youngsters who roam out a lot !! Good product for people who listen to music and sleep !! Good in everything. Good for money. I feel it's better than Sony XB mini speaker series. The midrange and high range (more than 100Hz) are perfectly balanced but don't expect the speaker to handle low ranges (maybe below 50Hz-100Hz). That's expected for a speaker in this price range. Just go for this speaker without a second thought.,5.0
The product went bad just within one month of usage. Charging stopped and it has become useless. This was quickest ever to go back in my such purchases for bluetooth speaker. I personally dont recommend this one though I had so much faith in JBL,1.0
Fantastic... I was so confused to decide between so many options in market. After much research i has almost finalized another one which was cheaper than JBL Go but a price drop got my attention and i decided to buy this one keeping in mind that this will not be that loud but to my surprise it can fill my room easily. And then satisfaction of buying a brand known for sound quality.,4.0
Pros:Very good compact product.Clear sound reproduction.Cons:Cable for connection to mobile or laptop through speaker jack is not provided.,4.0
I bought it for taking video calls as my phone's volume was too low. Unfortunately the person on the other side cannot hear my voice properly when I use this speakerphone. My voice sounds muffled. So i replaced it thinking maybe there is some defect in my unit. The replacement unit also had the same problem. So I returned it.Would not recommend at all if you are buying it for using as a speakerphone.,1.0
"I have benn trying to use it and it DOES NOT WORK ON BLUE TOOTH EVEN ANYMORE. IT worked once in while. Don't understand why instruction book and FONT, is to small so useless.  i WISH SOME LED SRCREEN TO INDICATE SOME SET UP STEPS.  NOT USER FRIENDLY.please help contact omtrehan@hotmail.com",1.0
Quality is good but it is good if you're using it in a very small area. You can't at all hear the sound keeping the device in room and listening in your hall... Too small... Sometimes bluetooth connectivity issue comes but that is compromisable due to not of being on repetitive basis. Sound quality is good but recommenede for a small living area,1.0
"This is excellent product in terms of sound, bass, style, handiness etc. I have been using this from last 5 months and found it's just great !! Battery life is good. In one start-up it will give around 3 hours back-up. This takes 1.5 hrs to get fully charged.",5.0
"For the size and price it is really good. My kids use it mostly in their room. If you are looking for bigger room, grown up parties/functions, this will not be a good choice, better go for bigger speakers.",4.0
"I'd received the product almost 4-5 weeks back. It was operating reasonably in last 5 weeks. However, It suddenly stop working. It's not booting up itself now. I can not use it anymore. Looks like , my money has gone in vain.Its MIC quality is not good. It hardly audible to another side on Zoom Call.",1.0
"Ver nice sound quality .small size . Loud voice .u can carry in pocket beyond imagination quality of sound and speaker . I suggest everyone who want a speaker for a house  should buy this.easy Bluetooth connectivity.can be connected by everything like t.v,mobile,computer, laptop etc.buy it without thinking much",5.0
"Superb sound from this small box. The fit and finish is very preimium and colour range offers a refreshing change from the regular red, blue, black colours offered by other brands. The mic works really well for phone calls. Very easy to pair and operate. Overall very satisfied.",5.0
"Bought it as a gift for a friend and she loves it. It’s been a month since the purchase and it works fine so far. Obviously, don’t expect it to be very loud as the loudness range is less than JBL Flip but I found it perfect for “at-hostel-single-person” usage. The colours are cute and it comes with a cable to charge but there wasn’t any stamped warranty card nevertheless I’m sure Amazon handles that. It’s very much portable and easy to carry.",4.0
"I gave a thought to buying it as the stereo in my car gets damaged repeatedly and it's become a headache repairing it frequently. I did not expect these speakers to be this good. The bass is perfect and I enjoyed my ride with a bucket of my favorite songs just a click away. Now, no need to download songs in Pendrive and all that stuff. If you have an amazon music app and these speakers with you it will be like heaven driving your car.",5.0
"Product is very small.Don't expect too much from this product.Sound is sufficient for single use with laptop or mobile not more than that.Mike is ok kind but required to keep nearby.At this price as per performance  ,i can say its expensive if u ignore the brand value.",3.0
It's small..cute...but provides decent quality sound..I'm using it for attending Google.meet and it works fine..no more headphones...just speak out and it's mic will capture it perfectly,5.0
"After comparing Boat, Infinity and others, ordered this one. Happy with the purchase. Already owning Sony party speaker but this one just outblows others keeping in mind sound Quality, Portability. Its not too loud and thats what I like about it. Its for chilling/relaxing. Bass is just too perfect.",5.0
This is product is too good I kept mobile in another room and tried it in my another room it's like WOW...There are no errors...Great portability....I use it for twice a hour for a day and I will charge three day.....once If u don't need any storage device slots....U can try it..... Even I keep the full volume there are the music not erroring a small I loved it because I use OX cable I won't use storage device I loved it....,5.0
"color: GRAYJBL, it is a name which everybody knows in one call. It is known for its astonishing sound quality which is again proved by this speaker. JBL GO is the most amazing product JBL & AMAZON can offer in this price range. The sound is crystal clear and the bass that comes out is amazingly accurate and it is the case for every song. It is a 3W speaker but it has the capacity to fill a medium sized room to big sized room with its sound. Anyone who has a budget around 1700 and cannot decide which speaker to buy, i am surely recommending this product. Its comes with variety of colors and its build quality is very good. I am truely satisfied with the product.",5.0
I writing review for this speaker after 8 month using.bettrey life is 4 hrs after full charge. Sound quality is also good bass is not expecting like sony speaker. I bought this ₹1400 in offer time. Bluetooth connectivity is good in 5 meter range. You can receive phone call without handling mobile at charging time. I think it's ok value for money. You can bore it's sound .,4.0
"Awesome, my mother is in love with this small wonder! She keeps listening to the songs, bhajans and videos on this while she cooks,...we actually stopped using our sony home theatre, since i bought this, bcz it's much easier to connect to this one...sound quality is better than sony counterpart, i have tested it... battery life is ok ok...bt nice....light weight and awesome!",5.0
The cover for usb port is too hard and material is also low quality. If you breake it in  normal use. Jbl will not provide warranty for any  elcenotic issue. They will treat it as physical damage. This usb cover will break in normal use. Mine also broken.My speaker stopped working  after 3 months but jbl refused to provide warranty syaning physical damage.,1.0
"Substandard product. No loudness. Got to carry it room to room, defeating the purpose of buying it. Not much better than cell phone speakers.  Also there is intermittent static and the sound cuts out periodically.Guess the only way to get a good speaker is to spend a ton of money. This was WAY over priced.",1.0
It's a great product. Small and light and at first  glance I thought it'd be an 'okay' product and the sound wouldn't be loud enough. But I was wrong. It goes very loud without any distortion.The only thing is there is no surround effect. And that's pretty obvious. But not a big deal for me. I love it!,5.0
"The speaker is really easy to carry because of it small size and it's connectivity is really good given the range and easy pairing.Sound is really good for pop,EDM music's just metal music's might be a little wavy.Rest it's really a good purchase for the given price.",4.0
At first I was a bit skeptical to buy this speaker but trust me it is the best.The sound is amazing.It is small and light.You can literally carry it anywhere you go.It is original product sold by this seller so you don't have to worry much.,5.0
I think this one of the Finest Product from JBL List. Compact yet powerful and its boon for current work from culture as it has Mic and you can tak phone calls easily while working on Laptop. Waterproof adds to its travel value,5.0
woooaahhhhh i have not expected such a good product it does feel too much premium compact good battery life...for 1room its enough...battery backup is also good...bass is also good..sound is clear with bass...i m very happy with this product...anyway it does not feel cheap...after having it i have fallen in love with this speaker...its range is also good...i have not found any issues like sound quality even after going little far from it...i suggest to everybody to buy this jbl go speaker who has tight budget under 2000 rs.,5.0
"I was looking for an alternative to my desktop speaker, forVideo chatting purposes..  but the output of this speaker is not to what expected..Similarly the mic is placed inside the connecting area.. so we have to hold the speaker in hand and can’t be used as have free..",2.0
1) Bluetooth connectivity - It works around 12 feet range and it automatically gets disconnected if you go beyond that range.2) Portablility -  10/103) Sound Quality - It's louder but if the sound of the video or the audio is low it doesn't enhance it. In that case it's bit low. And there is a slight vibration when the device is in full volume. But other than that it's just cool and louder.,4.0
"I had bought a JBL Go 2 Speaker on August 10th from Amazon that was sold by Appario. Today on October 5th, less than 2 months after the purchase the speaker has stopped charging and refuses to switch on. As this is way before the warranty expires, please ensure I get a replacement or refund at the earliest.",1.0
Bluetooth disconnects automatically after about 10 minutes of non usage. Everytime you take a break when you come back you have to reconnect. That's really stupid.Battery backup is poor. Few hours at best.Sound quality is so so.For the quality and features it's overpriced.,2.0
"I wonder if there is much quality control or checks performed before shipping a piece. I have been using the speaker only for a week (3 times in total) and it has already given up! The speaker started to regularly give an additional sound (like a beat) and towards the end of my 3rd usage, distorted the sound completely! Do not know if Amazon sent me an old item or this particular one is of bad quality. I hate sending back items because I have heard if they cannot be easily refurbished, they end up in the trash - which just seems so wasteful and anti-environment.",2.0
"Lacks a bit of Power and Crispiness. Meant only for silent rooms and 'light' listening. Driver produces good bass but could use a lil extra highs. Size is small, so lack of power can be expected.Being a music producer, these are my views. Its still good for music, but can't perform well on movies until n unless u have a 100% silent room. Not tried yet, but I think it would be hard put to use it as the source of sound for more than a person or two, as sometimes, if the room has noise (just the usual ambient noise of nearby roads, AC Fan etc.), you really have to put it close to your person in order to listen clearly.",3.0
"I’ve been using this product for more than 2 years now. Wherever I go , this goes too.Super portable , you can keep it in your pocket or hang it onto you bagSound quality is JBL levelIt might be small but it’s very loud and with good quality audioBluetooth connectivity on this device is seamless and fastYou can also plug in with an AUX cableIf you need something portable , durable and something with good quality, defiantly recommended",5.0
"Compact size is advantage, sound quality is good for this size. No FM option, Blaupunkt has better features and sound quality than this but size is also largeUpdate : Stopped working in 10 days, no sound output, tried even with Aux cable. Not recommended",1.0
"Writing this review after 1 month of using. No issues with bluetooth connectivity, once its fully charged, lasting for 4 to 5 hrs. It has medium bass and sound is very clear which gives wonderfull listening experience. Sound is also loud enough for all home usages. Its awesome speaker in this price range. Simply go for this.",5.0
Found out that the product received was a fake one. Can't believe I got a fake product through Amazon! It got spoilt so opened the inside to see that the build was very poor and cheaply built.,1.0
It’s way to small than it appears on site. It’s barely palm size and light weight. It’s not like how JBL speakers are supposed to be. Used it for a day and it’s not heavy  duty. Average speakers so far. If I change my thoughts I’ll edit it here,4.0
"the product is very good, built quality is nice, backup is good, no problem in connecting with bluetooth device, sound quality is really good i did not expected such a nice sound quality from the product. but it really amazed me with the sound. people looking  for a nice bluetooth speaker under 2k can go for this....",5.0
"Not words to say about this in this price range. When I received it, i found it smaller than my expectations, but when I connected it, I just loved it. This a good product, I must say.",5.0
I brought this speaker to connect with mobile through bluetooth so that I can listen songs clearly and it is serving the purposes!I appreciate the cost and features! you can not compare home theater or dedication sound system sound quality but you'll get reasonable vocals and instruments clearity,3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Product is well built and attractive. Vocals are very clear and bass is decent. Fully satisfied with the product for the money spent",5.0
"Portability is good , it comes inside your palm. Sound quality is also very good. Good for indoor experience. Bluetooth connectivity is also smooth. Only charging wire comes with it, so charge it by connecting to it ur laptop usb port or mobile charger will do if it has usb in it.",5.0
This is my third piece of JBL go in last 4yearsBt i don't think this product is good as my previous buysThe sound is too lowNt happy with itNt worth the price this time,1.0
"Got it at a discounted price. It worked fine in the beginning but after about 2-3 months of use it began misbehaving. Stops working in the middle of songs. You have to push the ""phone"" button on it to start it again. I guess that it why it was discounted because it is defected",3.0
"The maximum volume reaches to a level little higher than most laptop speaker would, if you have a fan turned on in the room then this speaker is not gonna be of much use, also Bluetooth connectivity is troublesome, I have to pair the device almost every time I'm trying to connect it with my laptop.",3.0
Review after almost 18 months.It seems more cost when i buy it worth it.No battery issue even after 18 months of use.Best sound according to its sizeGood Bluetooth connectivityIt stands at the brand value of JBL at this price.You can carry anywhere because of its small size and good 🔋,5.0
Very good and durable. I writing this review after somany months of usage. Before i purchased some other bluetooth speakers and that all dead within months. Now I am happy with this product.,5.0
The speaker has very poor battery backup. Does not work for more than 15-20 minutes or max 30 minutes even after hours of charging.I bought it for taking calls but the sound output of phone calls is extremely low.,1.0
Good speaker it you wanted to get little more volume compared to laptop speaker. My kids use for their online classes and works pretty well.,4.0
It is my first day and i am facing this constant connected and disconnected problem. It keeps on doing the same after minute time and disconnects without a reason. Sound is also not upto expectations. Just don’t know how it got 4.5 star rating.,2.0
"This product i have buying just 04 months running at this month but product speakers is not working.So, i request to all amazon customer team.Please immediately response on this product.Because, already 01 years warranty available on this product.",1.0
"Giving 3 star for packaging. It was my 2nd jbl go ordered within 2 weeks. Speakers are working fine till now, good sound, great battery life but in both the orders the packing was not proper. The box of the speaker had some marks on it and the packet of the box(not the amazon packet) was open. The box of the speker was sealed though. The first order also had problem with packaging.",3.0
Easy to set up. My laptops Bluetooth is not activated. I paiired it with to links USB Bluetooth dongle.Good buy for extended WFH.Nice range so I can move around with Go 2,5.0
"very bad exoerience....after purchased, within few days, it's not working properly...bluetuth connected with my laptop, but sound not coming on...few times charging also not properly...now return policy closed, so couldnot return now...so very bad experices with it....!!!",1.0
"Does the job. Have been using for 2+ years. Work for ~3 hours (at full volume) on full charge, even after 2 years. Take less than 30 min to fully charge up. Range could've beem better. Other competitors might have higher sound intensity, but cant beat this on quality of mids and highs.",4.0
I've previously used Boat which my mom took it. Boat costed me Rs. 1500 and i felt that was better then JBL.JBL is costly and not that great.,3.0
"After Using After a Year I'm writing this review.. Till now we Don't even have a single complaint about the sound quality.. Battery Backup.. and Most importantly the Bluetooth connectivity...Actually I bought this one for my Grandpa and he really love this Product.. He use this one for listening some News,Music etc.. since he cannot use some Earphones or headphones..due to some reasons... Keep it Up JBL..",5.0
JBL Go is a really value for money product. The sound quality is amazing and I can carry it with me anywhere I go. Bought ofr Rs. 1800 from Amazon and have been using it everyday fro the past one year.,5.0
"Sound volune is tad lower as compared to some other cheaper options (like sound mini). Portable, brand name and water proof..key selling propositions, if these dont matter then there are definitely cheaper and better options available!",4.0
This is obsolete product now in my opinion. No USB c port for charging. No charging/battery indicator.Better look for other options. I ordered without checking these details.,1.0
I feel that this product is a duplicate/ old repaired product. Just aftr 10 days of use its volume has gone so low that my laptop volume is now louder than it. It stops working right after the return period is over,3.0
"1.its jBL so no compromise within the limitation2. Its handy, u can carry anywhere without any risk (can hold in one hand)3.good performance (they managed to give best results within price limits)4.built quality is good (a rubber like plastic coating protect it from shock if falls own)5. Bass is average (but best in the range)6.u can use this for your room or car (not perfect for outdoor,who likes party 🎉)7.value for money- 80/100",3.0
Good bass. If you are looking for high volume... you may find the volume low as compared to other speakers. After 2 years now it's no more wireless 😜,5.0
It's shocking & mind boggling to hear such amazing sound details and crisp bass come out such a Tiny box.. I am a music freak and have bought many Bluetooth Speakers in the past too and this one is the best at the price that it's being sold at... !! The range of connectivity is pretty amazing and goes really far and the speaker is really loud too with out any jarring nice and clean pure music 😃👍🏻,5.0
voice is crystal clear but internet connectivity gets disturbed always.,2.0
"What an excellent product! Palm-sized, has a matte finish and looks very sleek. Performs excellent. The speakers can go very loud for such a small little thing. However, there is a distortion of bass at really high volumes, but that's okay. The only problem I had was when the device was connected to my phone through bluetooth it would sometimes switch off by itself, which did NOT happen with an Aux cord.10/10, would recommend.",4.0
Thankyou for giving such a wonderful product at my doorstep.no day without JBL.Sound quality.portability everything is excellent.We use jbl frequently.in this heavy rain... enjoy a lot..my children use during their studies  to improve the concentration...hear meditational songs.After they go it is my full time partner in the kitchen. thankyou so much.,5.0
Sounds Strong 💪 Looks Cute!!! 😍I totally loved the product!!! Bcz it's so tiny n cute looking! You can take it with you anywhere still is has a very clear crisp loud sound with base! This is gonna be my new Bestfriend! ❤️😜 Loved it!! 💕💕,5.0
"Good product, nice speakers quality. Today I faced problem about Bluetooth getting disconnected or interruption in the music. I restarted my mobile and it worked fine.Just for my convenience I hung it between 3rooms so voice can reach everywhere.",4.0
Speakers are awesome..sound is so clear...but if youLoves large music then this will not for you ...volume is comparatively low than any other speakers but sound quality is best,4.0
"I don't know much about speakers but this speaker right here is too good, I would recommend this speaker to everyone who has the budget and the dare to try new things.",4.0
"i got this speaker afteer 2nd time, 1st time got prpblem from seller/amazone faculty, but after that i again ordr adn got it in next day, that was saturday, speakrr is sound is too cool and original jble sound but lil bt base sortej overall im happy, thank u amazone teams.Regards- Rana",4.0
It's a nice travel companion and portable speaker. I couldn't believe such amazing sound would come out of a small piece of black box. No distortion even in the highest volume. Its sturdy durable and compact.,5.0
Excellent product at this price range.* Beautiful and classy look.* Premium sound.* Battery backup of 4-5hrs.* Good bass quality.* Very less distortion even at high volume.,5.0
"I bought it for my daughter and mom as they listen to songs on their phone. It is good for that purpose. Sound quality is ok ok.. (not very good but not bad either) .....good for a 12-10"" room. Sound on Maximum volume is not good. Although I would have wanted a better one, but for the budget buyers, I think it should be ok. I do not have experience of other products in the same price range, so cant really compare.",4.0
"The edges and corners may be rounded for better looks and more importantly, to prevent chance injury. The bass response is not that good, but then the size of the speaker is small.The clarity of sound is excellent.",4.0
Very nice speakers.. I love the sound. The best past is its so compact I can carry it around easily. The buttons on top r easy to press as well. It was definitely a good purchase 😄😄,5.0
"It is small and portable, but sound quality is poor, even for a very small room it is not sufficient. Bluetooth connection takes longertime",3.0
"One of the best Bluetooth speaker I ever bought. This portable speaker is compact, very easy to carry, easy to connect with the Bluetooth connectivity and the sound quality is very good. And this pop of mustard yellow colour looks awesome.",5.0
After using this product for more than a month i would like to give a review that this product is worth for money..A very good product in this range.. Clear sound with full waterproof. Awesome #JBL GO 2...,5.0
"Amazinggggggg product , it’s been 2 years since the purchase and still works as if new , even after me dropping it from the 10 floor🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣, trust me I can’t believe it either,",5.0
First of all I fell in love with the color. It is even more brighter than the pictures provided over here. The sound quality is perfect. Buying this jbl one was in my wishlist from past 6 months. I am happy and satisfied. Grab this if you are a high music lover!,5.0
Awesome sound quality. I am impressed by this 8x7x3 inch box. Very easy to connect. I strongly recommend. I am writing the review on day one I used the product so cannot comment on the battery life.,5.0
"Fan of this product. The coverage and sounds quality is so good! Very handy too, I carry it for all my travels. Never got disappointed.. battery backup is good too.. 3 hours average",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Could have been better for its price , I mean better Battery upto 7-8hrs , in high pitch sound distortion , okay sound . Very easy to carry",3.0
Go 2 is definitely a better update for JBL Go.. But a little pricy compared to Go..,5.0
Amazing sound quality and output for its size! Extremely easy to carry and good battery life. What else do you expect from a BT speaker 😀👍🏼,5.0
Wanted to have a decent bluetooth speaker. Did lot of research and finally selected this. Excellent sound quality and personalised sound. Good for 2 sitting together and watching tv or listening music. No need for second thought. Go ahead...,5.0
Good one today I got this in 1549 rsIt was working .no issue as yet later what will happen I will definitely update,4.0
Got this little dynamite today (Red Colour)and it has exceeded beyond my expectations didnt expect such great sound from this little monster. U have got to give this credit after all its Jbl Sound clarity is awesome n bass depends on where u place it though very minimal.Its Size is really small. Under this price jbl has created a masterpiece. Got it for 1649(1rs extra given to delivery guy).dont compare with other portable speakers In this range its the best.So all d audiophiles out there get this without giving any extra thoughts Its simply d best n you wont regret it'',5.0
"Suprb product *** It has been completed 10 months with jbl go and I found no mistake at all , great sound with a perfect size and awsome look  love my Jbl go. Don't think just buy it . Here few points which make use of jbl easy for you ....1. It doesnt need to switch on bluetooth botton again after you have synchronised it  once with your smartphone.2. While charging do not listhin song it is GOOD for the battery .3. It is best with the medium size room.4. It has medium base  .5.The paint start removing after some months of use from corners so while placing it always look out for a plane n soft suface.",5.0
"Not very good for using in car to receive or make calls. I used for some time, but the other party often does not hear. No car holder to keep safe while driving. Also needs pairing every time. May be good for home purposes",2.0
To connect with Windows computer disconnect and then reconnect every time. Sometimes device needs be made forgotten and searched again .,3.0
Absolutely amazing product at this price range must buy for sure the sound quality is really amazing and the bluetooth connectivity is top notch.,5.0
I gifted it to my friend and she absolutely loved it... of course the sound clarity and volume is great... I got it on a offer.. worth the buy,5.0
Sound is great and really helps for Video calls... Its misc is also clear enough. Battery life is also good.Bluetooth pairs with all devices...It would have been great if Charger is included along with this pack.,4.0
atleast give a cord connection for those who dont want to use bluetooth connection. if i had known this i would never have ordered jbl since even low end speakers are available with 2 end cords that can be plugged in the speaker and the laptop/cellphone/tablet/music system etc.,1.0
"I'm amazed by the quality of sound this small device produces. The base is slightly higher to my taste. I would have rated it better if it had an onboard radio, next & previous buttons.But for these, this is an amazing product.",4.0
"Best speaker you can get at this price range. It plays for over 8 hrs before it runs out of juice. The sound is loud and clear, you won't believe that it is coming out of such a tiny box.",5.0
"I really gotta appreciate the Technology here. If you're searching for a small and compatible speaker in a decent budget within Rs.2000, this is the best buy. I'm pretty impressed by JBL sound quality but this device let's say, has got a bit less of bass. But it's worth the buy❤️",4.0
"Within a week the date I purchased, it is not working properly.Have been facing red n blue  light issues and finally it is not switching on.Worst product I ever seen.I AM TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED.PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!",1.0
Good for small room .only the price is high.in this price u will better quality.than JBL...speaker is good but onl the price is too high.,3.0
"Don't think about it very much, it is a superb great and lots more product. Im really really satisfied after buying this speaker. Awesome sound quality. I also ordered 2nd one for my brother .  I buy this at rs 1700 , which is the cheapest I think. GRAB IT.",5.0
Just a perfect thing for go portable speaker. It's still working without any problem same audio quality battery backup.,4.0
"Excellent sound quality for the size, very good for quick and easy use, portability, space required is minimal",5.0
"I am very fond of JBL sound systems, and this is another one which is very awesome.Size is small, can easily be put in your pocket(LOL) and the sound in comparison to the size is top class.Price is a little bit high but if you want to experience the sound, you should go for it!!!",5.0
I have been using this speaker since last 2 months and it is really working good with perfect sound quality,4.0
Sound and quality of the product is too good at this price as I got it at flat 50% off at 1399 only. Connectivity is good. If one gets at this price then definitely go for JBL Go,4.0
Decently loud.4 hours battery backup.Durable- using since 1 year and it is as newVery good built qualith,5.0
JBL GO has amazing sound quality and its design and color is very nice .and its bluetooth connectivity is very strong so it can connecting easily with other device by the Bluetooth.it is also can easily caring any other places as the product is  small and light weighted.over all i am feeling comfortable with this product.,5.0
It is costlier as for as it's size and quality is concerned.Dont buy it.It is foolish to buy a tiny speaker spending Rs 2310.U had better buy  a Zebronics or Intex spending Rs 2000 only and u will get 5.1 speakers.मर्जी आपकी।खरीदेंगे तो पछतायेंगे. K Rajesh,2.0
I had heard it's sound in a journey in train. And i was so impressed that i ordered it immediately. And really it is a Very far ahead in quality and portability and everything than other product in this segment.,5.0
"I was a bit sceptical about buying JBL Go. I saw a lot of comparison reviews on YouTube. Its only competitor is Logitech X100. Believe me, the brand speaks for itself. I got it for 1600/-. Bluetooth facility is awesome. Output is 3w. I read that the bass is not up to the mark. But given the size of the speaker its cool. Treble is loud enough to fill the room",5.0
"Had one a few years ago , misplaced it somehow and now purchased a new one and its again the same quality. Simply amazing. So much quality fitted in such a small package. Well done JBL",5.0
Full bakwas its like 90s radioNever buy this itemRoad side speaker is far better than thisLost money on name of JBL,1.0
Portability is good as it is quite small in size.  Build is sturdy and looks good.But it doesn't connect to the laptop as the required drivers to connect it with the laptop doesn't get downloaded and hinder its connectivity,3.0
Cute . Amazing battery life . Good sound . For the price I am very content with it .,5.0
Amazing product at that price. It is loud and has amazing quality. I recommend this purchase.Con's might be that connecting this to a laptop has been troublesome..doesn't stay connected for a long time,5.0
Value of money i am buying this product 3 years ago and and the Qulatiy and bateery timing  is same 5 hours use in a single charge in full sound the sound quality is better than the others,5.0
It works as promised. Few days of testing both for music and making calls.Best is the ease of use and attaching it to various devices at home. No problems,5.0
Good Sound Quantity with lot of clarity.. You can buy this without any second thoughts,5.0
"Absolutely amazing product. Good for listening songs, conference calls, video calls, Skype calls. One product for many purposes. Must have product",5.0
My mom's and sis are the prime users of this and  looking at them fighting over it proves that this is a good product.Bought one from proteomics but it turned out to be sub par,5.0
Today I received the JBL Go portable wireless bluetooth speakerIts sound quality is nice but not very nice it can be connected to smart tv also .This product is eligible for 3.5 starsBut due to no option I have given 4 stars,4.0
Pocket Size Powerhouse. Good Sound Quality. Enough for 2 Rooms,5.0
Quality of charging socket is not good as charging problem starts after some time.The charging socket becomes serviceable after some times and this part is not repairable also.This is my experience with my previous JBL GO  If any solution of repairing of charging socket is available please intimate me.,4.0
It does not work through Bluetooth.  Have not yet tried aux cable.  Worked beautifully for a few days and then the Bluetooth connectivity  stopped working!,1.0
"Baddest boy in the market. Chota packet bada dhamaka. Don't hesitate just but it sound quality 10/10, battery life 10/10, connectivity 10/10.",5.0
"ProsGreat sound given its size,portable,bluetooth connectivity is great,good bactery backup,overall value for money.ConsNot any as of now.",5.0
"At first i was hesitant to buy this, i gave a shot. After using it for a while i found it to be really giid and i am satisfied with my choice, the product is  worth more than what you pay for. Don't overthink it, just go for it.",4.0
Average battery life .Good sound quality and really portable,4.0
This is my second Go..!!You know JBL is king of wireless speakers eventhough they didn't get good hold of earphone market. For the price range its giving ample music experience. Bass is there..tremble a little bit harsh.,5.0
I think it does a good job for the price it is ! the sound quality is okay no bass and the volume is also not that high but maybe for the price its a good buy,3.0
I have been using the speakers from past 3 months...No doubt.Go for it.Sound quality is very clear and noiseless that differentiates from other speakers...Bluetooth connectivity is very quick and even phone calls through the speakers are very clear.,5.0
"The speaker is very handy, and the rubberized finish is really good. The sound unexpectedly is quite loud and clear. Bass is ok, can't complain at this price range. Felt slight distortion when on full volume, but nothing much noticeable. 50% to 75% volume is most of the time enough for an average size room. Easily gets paired with my iPad, laptop and phones, no issues there.",5.0
"At high volume the variation sounds get disturbed and sharpness of sound just craps out. But it's portable with its size. But i would say, invest on atleast stereo speakers. In market there are many portable stereos which has the same price.",3.0
"I have purchased it to watch series but the problem is many a times there is no output from the speaker when the speaker is connected to my laptop, though in background video still continues to play.",4.0
Ossum product sound quality and battery life is too good ... Aur bhaai bahut achha hai chhote packet me bada dhamaka hai. I got it on a sale of 1400 ..,5.0
The volume does have enough power but the sound quality is worse off than an average laptop speakers.,2.0
"JBL is a brand. It's quality product in all aspects. But I'm giving only one star. Because after 2 days , it's Bluetooth stop working. Jbl speaker can't be detected by any other device. Please Help me out to sort out the problem",1.0
Overall its okk for individual use and in single room but if you r looking for party or somwhere outside from room than sound level is very low....Definitely will nt give u a party feel,4.0
"Using this product almost daily. The Bluetooth connection is seamless , it gets auto connect to your device effortlessly. The sound quality is good not best but worth the price. Battery back up is good as well.",5.0
"Awesome product, just go for it u wont regret",5.0
"JBL GO Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker, Is Simply Suberb n Very nice Sound quality as well it's size is too small, you can carry it anywhere/portable.Worth buying",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Ok ok product i was expecting big and loud volume than this",2.0
"Best speaker ...Must buy this.I like this speaker too much.Bluetooth connectivity,sound quality,battery backup all are very good.So, i advice all of you to must buy this.",5.0
doesn't know show charging number indicator.when you charge for more than one hour it shows red light continuously.when I will try to on I have to continuously have to press to the power button to turn off the red light indicator for at least three minutes.Not worth for the money.,1.0
"Little powerhouse, had a flip earlier, got this one for someone but ended up keeping it. It is small but has a good output. It fits in the pocket so I love. Some people would prefer the Flip more. This is a economic version of Flip",4.0
"Absolutely amazing product. Trust me just go for it. I have tried and tested almost everything in this range by going in store like croma, ezone and nothing so far has beaten this guy except bose.",5.0
"Best portable speaker, it's my micro home theatre. I took it multiple places. Good for low size room not for a big hall. After 1 years the Battery backup is still about 4-5 hours.",5.0
Got my order today (11 July 2018) l. The product sound is amazing with Xtreme bass. Just loved it. I'm using a rooted phone with Dolby-Atmos and Viper4Android audio modules installed. It gives great output with this speaker.Thank you amazon for quick delivery and JBL for this amazing Product.,5.0
"Its working very well with my phone, Laptop & even SMART TV as well. Sometime it do produce cracking sound during high volumn & call, i believe it might due to static. however i feel it is good to have item during these WFH times.",4.0
Received the device at the expected time. The device is working perfectly. Sound quality is 4/5. Bluetooth connectivity is 5/5.,5.0
"Everything is awesome about this speaker... Bluetooth range is quite large, volume is awesome with bass,",5.0
Awesome Product. I am using this from 2 yrs without nay complaint and its working in very good condition.,5.0
"I have never felt this feel before from a protable speaker ...fantastic!!,😵.With this speaker,the best moment I'd noticed is when  I listen to ' Black Sabbath -WAR PIGS '.Love the song and BLACK SABBATH.Love the speaker, I 've listen to SONY,BOAT.and others. I Love this One.",5.0
"JBL go sound qulaity is best in the market , its very handy , and small size can fir comfortably in pocket . overall a nice product from JBL . also its volume is enough to fill the room of 200 sqft , so its good for small kitty parties and other occasion .",5.0
The sound quality is poor and gets worse the more you use it. Now it sounds like a bluetooth speaker you could pick up roadside for a few hundred rupees.,2.0
My 1st portable speaker purchase. It stands by it brand with good price. Purchased it worth Rs1800. Quality of Sound Material is nice but battery and discharge indicater is the downside. Don't shows low battery and shutdowns immediately.,5.0
I haven't seen product like this. Best ever product I have buyed online but after 4 months at full volume some voice is not good it is not that much clear.,5.0
"It has very low volume, not much different than device audio. And sound quality is not that good. Won't recommend it.",2.0
Sound quality is superb. Really helpful for taking calls of long meetings.,5.0
Easy to quick connect.Sound quality is sweet. We can talk with them that is added extra feature on it. Feels good while talking with Siri 😊,5.0
The surprise package..in this price the thing is very promising and the build quality is also premium,5.0
"Sound quality and bass is good .But i think Amazon delivered a second hand product because after few days of using many problems occurs eg charging ,indication light etc..So i returned this speaker.",2.0
"Light weight,  compact,  good sound quality, great for listening songs in a small to mid sized space",5.0
"Serves the purpose... in this price range, probably the best & ""compactest"" speaker. Can be used as BT speaker, AC speaker, calls, music, Alexa...…….",5.0
Excellent product...Good voice quality for pocket size speaker...Nice built...compactLooks and feels goodBattery is excellent...last long even after  continuous usage...on the side panel there are two grooves looks like they were made for PEN DRIVE attachment but found blocked5 star If pen drive facity is available,4.0
The speaker is easy to set up . However it has a whistling sound which comes in from time to time. Overall the volume levels are also low,3.0
Best and cheap bluetooth speaker for movie lovers. Don't expect it to thunder the room.It can suit small room and best suited for 1-2 people usage.,5.0
"The speakers are loud and clear despite of its small size.... The quality of the sound is so good and clear that for ""small to medium"" rooms u will feel like u r sitting inside the recording studio...",5.0
Awesome product champion of its class.  Genuine product recieved. Durable high audio quality.  Good for Max 250 so feet room ( good experience ),5.0
Working fine even after a year. Sound is still good. Average bass but good sound quality.,5.0
Great sound with portability and features,5.0
Mini classy speaker... sound of JBL is evergreen... been using JBL stuff since 2012...,5.0
JBL makes the best speakers !!90 percent of the world's movie theaters have JBL speakers !! This cute little speaker has incredibly awesome sound !!,5.0
Writing this review after a year of usage! Sound quality is quite good for a product in this price range! Very portable product can be carried in pocket also!,4.0
Nice portable speaker. We can even take phone calls.,5.0
"Using it since more than 2 years, hasn't caused a single problem until now. Enjoy having it! Must buy for any music lover!",5.0
Just awesome...I got it for 1599/- at amazon great indian sale n its original JBL product...but duplicate JBL copy is also sold on online market...watch JBL GO Speakers videos on YouTube for check up before you buy/order...,4.0
I got it literally@ 1100 rs on Amazon prime day!Awesome sound quality in this mini powerbox! Lovet it! Very much portable (4 inch by 3 inch)! But if you are thinking for room party choose speaker with more RMS!,5.0
It's just top notch looking at the price it's brilliant small product bass lovers just go for it,5.0
It has best sound quality at this price range and pretty decent battery life.  Although bass is a bit low not satisfactory. However has a good material quality. Over all it’s good. You can go for JBL GO 😉😁,4.0
The mic quality is not that good so avoid buying if you are looking to use it as a handsfree speaker phone. I found Boat stone better than this product in terms of quality & price,3.0
"Good, but volume sound out put is not as per my expectations. It is low",4.0
"The best portable Bluetooth speaker in the market. The sound quality is awesome, the volume is high, the battery backup is great, looks awesome. The sound is very clear even at the loudest volume setting.",5.0
"Review is shared after using the product for 1 month, overall performance of product is very good. I’m very much satisfied with the product and and it’s qual of sound, standby etc etc",5.0
Awesome service..this is the second time I have bought the same....using the same since 2013,5.0
Everything working fine as of now. I am happy,5.0
Decent sound quality.portable.not waterproof. Not good bass. Good if you use for average listening to music like me.,4.0
Please buy it. Better if u get it in sale,5.0
This has a good Sound Quality & Quality of metal use is good..Perfect Bass and clear Sound as expect from JBL..But its only From 1 Big Size room.,5.0
I want to return this product because sound quality is not my expectation.please collect the product and refund my amount,3.0
"Nice Portable Speaker, Sound Quality is very nice",5.0
"Speaker is great while receiving calls, and music ohh la la.. It adds colour to any music.. Everything is great, battery life is also good. Such a small thing has all qualities.",5.0
Writing after two weeks of use . Jbl lived up to it's expectations no complaints with the products . Good sound quality for the price  . Pairs well with all smartphones and laptops . Good buy .,5.0
"Very good for the price you pay! First I had a JBL GO and now I have upgraded to JBL GO 2! Very good companion, easy to carry around!",5.0
Has been working for an year now without any issues. Decent sound quality and intensity. Very good battery life.,5.0
Good,4.0
Good product but its volume is low when playing via bluetooth but better sound when playing through aux...,5.0
No frills usage. Can connect via wire and bluetooth at the same time; but will play from one source at a time.,5.0
The sound quality is amazing! It's very compact and easy to carry around. I like the bluetooth connectivity too,5.0
"Wow I love it , lovely sound , specially colour 😍 what a quality product I'm soooooo happy must buy rate is also less 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍",5.0
This little thing is simply amazing. The sound quality is excellent and makes the music from the phone sound so much better.,5.0
Good product and sound quality to watch some videos and listening songs for outdoor party is good.,4.0
The most amazing and handy speaker ever. Looks very beautiful and easy to carry anywhere. Sound is also loud enough in a room,5.0
First the mic sound was not good and then got it replaced and it that speaker sound was extremely low. Worst product. Please do not buy,1.0
"DUE TO THE RUBBER BASE OF THE ON/OF BUTTON, ITS NOT WORKING AND ON/OFF BUTTON HAS BEEN SPOILED!!!! REFUND ME, REPLACE IT OR FIX IT!!!!!",1.0
"Sound of jbl is awesome.Sound is critical clear never expected from such a tiny thing sound will be so good,Battery life is also goodI'm using the jbl Bluetooth speaker seen last 2 month, till that everything is perfect.",5.0
Nice speakers ! Must Buy ! 👌,5.0
The sound it produces is remarkably and surprisingly loud compared with the size. Though it does not produce the quality Bass effects but considering the size the sound quality is crystal clear. The battery output is good as it last for around 3 1/2  to 4 hours which is more than satisfactory. If you want to listen to the music on your laptop or on the mobile this product will surely exceed your expectation.,5.0
"I purchased the device on 1st of July 2017, the device was working perfectly but all of a sudden day before yesterday i.e on 24th February 2018 it stopped functioning. I request Amazon for replacement as the product has stopped functioning within 1 year.",5.0
Excellent sound quality from jbl for this tiny mono channel speaker. Clear sound with ample bass. Nothing more can be expected from this small object.,5.0
I have got red one  and it has enough sound for two rooms.,5.0
I am in love with JBL for making perfect portable speakers. I am having this one and charge 2+ and both are best for the price!,5.0
"I have been using this for 6 months now. The battery charge lasts longer than is claimed! Amazing product at amazing price, just go for JBL GO!",5.0
Awesome. The sound output quality is very good even at high volumes. The battery capacity could have been better.,4.0
"Truely satisfied...Best speaker ever .....love for JBLClear Sound and bass a bit Low ...but in total ""A Chotha Damaka""Sound is very high ...love itEvery sound lover should buy it",5.0
Reasonable sound output.Good finish.Long battery life.Easy to pair and use.,5.0
The speaker was defective and no sound comes from it. Also it is an outdated model,1.0
"Loved it! Bought it for my dad, 70+ years. He too loved it. He can hear clear and loud audio let it be a call, a video from Youtube or his fave songs stored in his phone.",5.0
nice packaging expected quality frst tym experience on a bluetooth speaker 😌😌😌if u want a decent speaker try this 😀😀😀,4.0
"Amazing piece of electronic hardware. Compact and beautiful. BT connectivity has never been so smooth with any other portable device.And lastly, that 3W power output, beast for such cute little thing.Delivery: If they had a negatice scale. -10I got faster delivery when they did not have Amazon Prime.",4.0
Superb,5.0
Worked well for a while. Then started emitting some static noise alongwith the music. Bass is somewhat weak.,3.0
"the product is up to all expectations, even though the size is very small the audio clarity and even Bluetooth connectivity is good. Even the mic present  is very good",5.0
"Its awesome.. sound, bass, battery everything is just awesome.. good quality.. enjoying music on it",5.0
"Its very handy and portable. Sound clarity is okay, not bad.",5.0
"Worth it.  long lasting battery , small size , nice music quality and affordable price makes it a perfect buy.when i say nice quality means u can't expect much in this price range. Go grab it , better in a deal .",5.0
"Superb. It does tend to amplify background noise too though. But overall, for the price, I am very happy.",5.0
Great product by JBL . Little in size but decent sound and bass. Very handy and useful. Easy connect and play. This is the best in the prize range !!,4.0
"It’s great for indoor use, it’s not loud Bluetooth connects really well and battery lasts long enough for a movie or a whole playlist. It’s quite portable can be moved around easily",4.0
Okay product.  Does not produce high quality or high decible sound. The phone radio can not be played through.,4.0
JBL is of my first preference.,4.0
Nice product.But battery life needs some improvement.Sound quality is also ok,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Awesome sound and light weight nice reasonable price love it love From jalgaon maharashtra 💪🤳",5.0
More than a year of using it and it is really great to have it.,5.0
"Great quality, great sound with depth, great balance, easy to connect, loving listening through it.",5.0
It is working ok but somtimes it is getting switch off by itself frequently for 4 -5 times. Whom to contact.,1.0
Bad battery service 2.5 Running hours then off.  And rear jbl crash,4.0
"Amazing voice and copartable means you can carry and use it anywhere, GYM, House, Room, Outdoor, Near Pool. Amazing it is.",4.0
Excellent product!!!A must buy because of the following1. Good bass and audio quality2.Battery Life is too good3.Handy4.Enough to sound up a hall.,4.0
Excellent product by JBL. Quality of sound is great. Ideal for individual n party ambience. Very satisfied with the product delivery n services. Must buy for music lovers on the go.....,5.0
"The sound just peirces your heart, cute looking, 6 hrs lasting charge.And yeah, it's portable.",5.0
The product image advertised on Amazon is much much larger than the actual product.  Never expected this from a trusted brand like JBL - and Amazon.For future buyers - the image that you see is about two times the size of the actual product - so decide accordingly before you buy!,3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Good sound quality at this price 🔥🖤Mini speaker easy toh carry 👍",4.0
"Sound quality is very poor. So, I don't want any replacement of  same product. After successful return of this item, want to buy the same of other company.",5.0
average performance. No indication of inside battery and i always switched on to adapterwhile palying,3.0
A little bit extra money for this sound quality while comparing with other same product but brand is brand. Nice connection even 10-20m no disturbance,3.0
"I personally feel its a travellers product. Compact in size (Smaller than your palm), So easy to operate, Good battery back up, Sufficient sound & good in price. Bought it just week back & its working well for me.I bet you wont be disappointed with this product.",5.0
This is my second time...it's awesome... Best quality.. value for money,5.0
Excellent . Loved it. Sound quality best  and running time 4 hours.Calling on speaking works smoothly.Overall.Truely works.,5.0
I like it becoz its a JBL so basically cant expect anything more like this brand. just the bass are quite average not as expected from JBl. also the sound looks good becoz now-days you get more option and with the budget friendly price tag. so think before you it i have a option but it was a 3.5MM Jack Portronics Speaker. !!Bye #Peace.,4.0
JBL GO2 is a great product. It's portable and sound quality is great in this range.,5.0
Perfect For EveryOne Who Loves Mini-Speaker. It Gives An Incredibly Clear Sound & Gives In A Perfect Condition.,5.0
"unexpected perfect sound, very good build quality, on this price range the perfect wireless speaker don't go for any other speaker if you are in this budget",5.0
"It's good and portable, sound quality good enough for the price. Satisfied with the purchase. Recommended product",5.0
Value for money,4.0
"This is the best speaker in such at such a good price... Sound quality is amazing, far better than what you can expect from such a small piece! This is definitely worth buying !Buy from the seller - ""Cloudtail""  ...it is the best,  ....I had got a duplicate piece earlier from ""DEALSCART""...but returned it n got a new one!",5.0
i got the black speakers and it's AMAZING.the bass is good and so is the treble.i compared it with my philips speakers and jbl wins.the size is perfect!it is small and fits right in my hand!,5.0
"After a months use, I am glad I bought it",5.0
கைக்கு அடக்கமான சிறந்த ஒலிபெருக்கி. பயன்படுத்த மிகவும் எளிதாக உள்ளது. ஒருமுறை சார்ஜ் செய்தால் பல மணி நேரங்கள் உபயோகப்படுத்த முடிகிறது.,5.0
"Given its small size, this speaker is bound to make surprise the moment its turned on. The voice quality is so rich that its like a treat to your ears.Amazingly compact and well-built. I bought it for under 2k and that price there are many other options available but trust me no other device can match the quality of sound output on the JBL-Go",5.0
best one,5.0
One of the best purchases I have made from Amazon so far. I have been using this product for about 3 months and it is amazing. Connects to all bluetooth devices (including Macbook and ipod) and has very good range. Sound quality is really good and the volume is also quite loud. A good buy for a good price!,5.0
Everything good about it.,5.0
"Cable not available to connet mobile to device, battery back up is good.",4.0
It's portable and the sound quality is good but not the best. As per the price its good.,4.0
Quick pairing with both phone and laptop. Instruction manual is small and pictorial. But could figure out how to work it easily. Works as described.,5.0
1)Good Sound Quality2) Excellent Color3) Excellent Battery,5.0
There may be other BT speakers but they cannot beat this when it comes to the Speaker Phone function. Great for quickly having a conference call with the mic effectively picking up voices of those sitting around a table.,5.0
Very bad and the speaker bluetooth dosent connect after charging the speaker,1.0
"It’s just awesome.... Bluetooth connectivity is good , sound is very good.",4.0
"I got it today.. but m disappointed to see that box , where written, ""ORIGIN OF COUNTRY:-- CHINA"" ..  What the hell is that ??Earlier I think that JBL is product of USA",5.0
"First I thought it was a little expensive, even after hearing the amazing sound quality. But,  when I went for trecking, this one was the last to die out (great battery backup). So now I feel it was a good deal",5.0
The jbl sound system always superb and it awesome in this Price if you want a Bluetooth speaker in low cost and a branded you can buy it blindly,5.0
"No doubt this is one of the best portable speakers. But I'm amazed with the bass of this li'l beauty.5/5 for sound,built And quality.",5.0
Sound is not as expectedSlight noise is coming playing via laptop(hp notebook)Sounds good while playing with mobile,3.0
Don't buy this speaker because its not worth by paying 2500 so don't buy less base less battery  full waste of money,5.0
"Small in size, great in sound and bass, good in stand by time, less in charging time, easy to connect and finally regionable amount to buy it. So, I am finally satisfied.",5.0
Output is good for normal sing listening. Not at all fit for griup listening or party or outdoor gathering as it is too low for that. 2 Watt output is very less.,2.0
Amazing sound quality. Very handy and very easy to use. Have no complaints whatsoever. It indeed is a good buy and is a product which is value for money.,5.0
"A cute little box with sound power of big daddy level. Compared to the size and price its the best Bluetooth speaker you can get. The sound quality is just great. Furthermore it's so small, you can actually travel with it as it occupies very less space, such that it can even fit inside your pocket. To sum it up, its JBL for God's Sake.",5.0
"stopped working in the 6th month of the purchase.the return window is also very tiny, less than 10 days.not worth the money.look for other products in the market.",1.0
"Crystal Clear Sound, Portable, Long lasting battery, Connects quickly. Simply Awesome.",5.0
They were good handy and portable but I didn't got the feel which I should get in a JBL speaker I have tried JBL clip I think it's better the this,3.0
This is my 2nd JBL GO purchase from Amazon. Got one for myself and got another for my mom after she started asking one for herself. It's a good purchase at a very good price!,5.0
"I love this product becz it is good , easy to connected with ph via Bluetooth, speaker sound level , condition is superb finally I’m happy for this product",3.0
It's a very nice product. Sound is very good. Range of Bluetooth is very good. I am easily able to listen music from other room where speaker was in the other area.,5.0
Good Quality go for it! Sound is good for a portable speaker but not enough if you are buying for a house party,5.0
"Amazing product, worth the price",5.0
Handy but powerful. Find it very user friendly. Excellent product.,5.0
Good sound quality.Good battery life.Plenty of colors to choose from.5/5,5.0
"This is very small item, 1700 is very high price for this item",1.0
No comparison with JBL.... Awesome sound quality...strong body and long lasting back up..must go product,5.0
Good sound quality with beautiful design and color choices. Have been using it for months and its working fine so far. Thanks :),5.0
It has a great voice clarity but the bass is low as I expected it has a good battery life easy to carryBut I think u can get the product of such quality in lower prices than what Amazon offers and the brand JBL dissapointed me,4.0
A fan of this product. Bought  twice. Quality and worth for the money,4.0
Super awesome size..small yet loud…in this price its worth…must buy..,5.0
Audio is clear but the base level is very low. I don't know how this much rating is awarded for this product,3.0
Got it through prime and was delivered to me within 4-5 days. Packing was fair and the product is truly satisfying! Looks small but when music is played in full volume the music can be heard from 100-200 meters away.,5.0
Sound quality is so good.bass quality is also so good. I suggest u all of u buy this product if u want to buy. Thank you amazon.,5.0
Sound is too low nd they are only replacing not returning the product,2.0
It was ok while it lasted but it didn't last long.  Will try some other brand for replacement.,1.0
"Great sound and features for the price. I wish they had included the double male cable. Some of my devices don't have Bluetooth, so I had to purchase the cable separately.",5.0
It looks big on amazon page  when arrived its very small not worth,2.0
It works fine for few days and later stops connecting to the bluetooth. But by that time you'll not be able to return it. So you are stuck with a horrible Bluetooth speaker.,1.0
Just unpacked JBL speaker..It's awesome..Nice sound quality and range of bluetooth is superb..must buy product 👍,5.0
"Have been using it for a while now, don't have a second thoughts until you wanna buy a water-repellent speaker.",5.0
Best one,5.0
i use speaker to speak on spone..perfect for my use,5.0
"The product is awesome no doubt about it, but the cable shipped is faulty, the device is not getting charged with the supplied cable.",5.0
battery runs out in 5-6 hours but i have used it for 3 years and its sound is still the same as of a new one.,5.0
Sound quality is very good but less volume and no bass,3.0
Overall a good product.,3.0
awesome sound and pure base .thanks jbl for making this product and thanks amazon for fast delivery,5.0
Very good speaker considering its price...using jbk go from past 2 years still working perfectly. This small speaker will fill your room with lovely music. Enjoying it in my day to day life. Recommend it for sure...,5.0
This product is really helpful for me. It meets my expectations and it has a good sound and bass quality. It has a small size speaker. I kept it in my pocket when i go out any where with friends .,5.0
It's a decent product. I buy it from Amazon on freedom sale 2018 at Rs. 1599. Truly value for money. Bass and treble balanced smartly. If you interested to listen decent music at home then go for it.,4.0
"Its been just 10 months, and one of speakers is not working now. Sound is very poor. Disappointed!!",1.0
Truly a best buy!! Looks small but gives bigger outout... tremendous sound. Well after all JBL. Thanks much amazon for fastest delivery👌🏻👍,5.0
"Smart, portable and elegant product. Go for this!Strongly recommend!",5.0
"What to tell, everything is awesome when you go with JBL We can not expect more than this, Quality of the product, Sound is simply greatAwsome product",5.0
"This is my second purchase , first I bought it for my own use , the bass is good at this price. Very portable and life battery is good.",5.0
Nice thanks 👍 sellers and Amazon's,3.0
Super,5.0
JBL GO Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker with Mic (Red) is the best Product.,5.0
God speaker. I am using 2 years,5.0
Best speakers I've owned in a while. Pretty loud and and good quality bass.,5.0
Super quality using from 3 years and haven't got any problem from this jbl go,5.0
The name is everything here yes JBL. it's the most awesome and perfect bn Bluetooth speaker I ever had...suggest must buy for low bugdeters,5.0
The sound quality is very nice and strong. Bass is also good. Gives a backup of 4-5 hours on 100% volume of speakers and 80% of volume of your device. Design is handy and appealing. Charges fast in approximately 1 hour. I got it in sale so for me it's worth the money.,5.0
"I used this product nearly since one year... It's music quality and battery life made me impressed... I used it for listening lecture, music during meditation ... Perfect product from JBL....",5.0
Jbl will never disappoint you. Little quality can more improve..,4.0
The bass is not that great but it does the job seeing the price and size it fits in your palm easily..,4.0
"Fabulous product, perfect for those short outings with friends. The volume is on point, the battery life is good and most importantly the size makes it perfect to fit it in anywhere. I have been using this for the last few months with really happy results. I highly recommend this product to all.",5.0
"Battery life is out standing, crystal clear sound quality.",5.0
"Sturdy one, good for listening songs and videos. Loudness is enough if you are watching/listening alone.",5.0
"For the given price, this is quite a good product with decent sound and overall decent build quality. It's quite tiny though.",4.0
Bought this product on 14th August 2017... Still working perfectly. It's worth buying this speaker.❤,5.0
Good product from the most trusted Brand,5.0
Easy to carry and easy to useIs worth buying and red colour looks amazing,5.0
A good speaker for this price there’s nothing wrong or bad you can go for it.,5.0
Very product and long time working in my Pooja room.,5.0
The device gets discharged within five minutes and does not charge.Also the device does not charge after connecting withing two minutes. The charging stops within two minutes of connecting the charger.,1.0
"Loved it, loved the color too, only problem was the charger, there should have been it's own charger instead of just wire. But product is nice, let's hope it lasts for a long time.",4.0
The sound quality is amazing. Bluetooth connectivity is also very strong.,5.0
"JBL is the beast. Louder than expected (keeping in mind its size). Not to mention, an awesome battery back-up (about 4-5 hours in full sound and about 6-7 hours in mild sound).Worth the price.Totally in love with this product.",5.0
"Ordered yest 8 pm and got delivered today at 1pm, cant deliver faster i guess. When i opened the packaged the size seened very small but it connected quickly and was surprised that such smallSpeaker can deliver this good quality sound with good clarity. Amazing !",4.0
"Very good product, surprisingly loud for such a small device. Rubber exterior makes it tough and scratch resistant and sound quality is great not perfect totally with the price",4.0
Lightweight...Great sound in terms of volume and clarity...,5.0
Nice one at this price tag i am happy with the performance,5.0
Great value for money. Product looks great too.,5.0
Awesome speaker for this rate.Has loud volume too. Portability is super comfortable.,5.0
After use in six month battery backup is reduce only 30 minute something about full charge.,4.0
Working great after 4 months too and grabbed at a steal price of 1200,5.0
Awesome product but the rate is product vise so high it should be between 800-900 is worth 👍😎,5.0
"Battery life 4-5 hours, sound quality excellent, size comfortable",4.0
Excellent,4.0
"Awesome product, using since 2 years and working as the new.. nice quality if sound and perfect for small room of 10*10.",5.0
"They should improve the sound quality other than quality everything is good like color, size, etc.",4.0
Very good product sound quality is good 👍👍👍,5.0
"Costly product but software issue,service center not available in Chandigarh region.  Overall wastage of money.",1.0
Bought this on 5th December 2017.  Worked wonderfully till today- a little over a year. The sound is just become 5% of what it used to be- both volume and quality :(,2.0
Battery life is not so good.. But sound quality is great..,4.0
Good,5.0
Size nd sound is perfect.,5.0
"Awesome Sound Output enough for a Room.Smaller than size of your palm, easy to carry anywhere. Dont expect much bass but the Treble and Sound Clarity is Spot on!. If you are looking for speaker below Rs.2000 this is the Beast for you",4.0
"Worth your money, really a good product and good battery life. Good sound quality.",5.0
Very good quality productBest small speaker,5.0
"Worthy to use, I bought at 2000/- now its priced 1500/-",4.0
"""Good stuff comes in small packages."" No not drugs ofcourse 😅... But this tiny speaker sounds truly amazing. The sound is crystal clear, even at highest volume. Just go for it!",5.0
We like JBL GO portable wireless Bluetooth speakerLove it,5.0
"Compact speaker which can be carried on the ""go"" as the name suggests.....crystal clear sound with amazing depth for a speaker so small..",5.0
Super,5.0
Very nice 👌 product. Sounds good 👍,5.0
"Sound, battery, look all are best. Function are easy.",5.0
"Provide a wire to connect with laptop, because you have given a port for that.",4.0
Best product in this price range. Attractive looks. Superb sound quality. Astonishingly good battery life. Would surely recommend to any novice looking for a good speaker to start off with.,5.0
"Very easy to connect, music clarity is amazing.  Phone calls unable to connect and speak, The other person unable to lesion and very disturbing, we need to disconnect  our smart phone from JBL Go to speak to caller. quite disappointing.",4.0
Product is superb but after one year it totally stop working it not even stating neither charging even now its useless and i dont know even the issue,4.0
"It is a very nice wireless speaker in a fair price. I have ordered it for my father. As compared to the size, sound is very loud. You can call it as 'Chota Packet Bada Dhamaka'. My Dad is very happy with the product. 😊",5.0
Excellent product for most of the people. Good battery life. Pleasant audio.Product is as expected.,5.0
Bluetooth Connectivity is really awesome. Sounds quality is good. Battery power is also good. If you want to use it in a small room (or in a car like me) just go for it.,5.0
It's sound quality is superb..It's easily connectedIt's  the most recommended product  between (1k- 2k),5.0
"Excellent product , decent sound quality and working very well . Very pleased with this product",5.0
"Tiny and very good sound. I'm also using it as handsfree device during office calls.Go for this device guys, you will not regret it.",4.0
Good but connectivity problem some times,4.0
Very ordinary speakers with poor sound quality. Don't recommend.,1.0
It okay the issue is in warranty card its all written in Chinese....is it really authentic.,3.0
Good product with very good sound,4.0
Good battery lifeJust superb,5.0
happy to have this. better than JBL 2.,5.0
"Fantastic product. Dont see its size. Its sound output really make you surprise inspite of its size. In terms of price, i think its worth one compare to other brand.",5.0
Good connectivity. Sound output is average at the lrice range. Much better options are available,3.0
"DO NOT BUY. This is a ""Made in China"" product. Engraved on the instrument body",1.0
"JBL has it quality. Do not go for philips if JBL is one of your options, it is anyday better.",5.0
"Sound,baas everything is fabulous",5.0
"There's nothing to dislike about this. The best Bluetooth speaker available for this rate. Sound quality, bass are all of the top most quality.",5.0
"Cute, tiny in size but big in sound and good @1.5K. JBL Go can not match the performance of LG PH1 so if you want to buy go with LGPH1 that price drops to 1.2K oftenly",3.0
Price will be more . jbl speaker dimension is less compare to other online shop,3.0
Excellent product. Chota packet bada dhamaka,5.0
Connectivity to sound everything is perfect. It looks cute too. I bought it in 2018. Still enjoying this.,5.0
"Small and Compact with quality music. Awesome, easy to connect and sound quality is also superb. Would definitely recommend to others.",5.0
The delivery was in time good sound quality good for small room you will really enjoy it must buy,5.0
Very good product. Sound is quality is nice. Good to have for picnic purpose.,4.0
Good sound quality. Not as great as JBL flip but better than Philips 1100 bucks speaker. Definitely worth the money...,4.0
JBL Naam hi kafi hai hai.. well coming to the speaker ..Small compact size with crystal sound  and decent bass .I will recommend you guys..,5.0
"Connects quickly, has a good range and a very good sound quality",5.0
"I have gifted this to my best friend, she is so happy after using JBL GO2, it's sound, bass and connectvity is appreciatable..",4.0
A cute nice well built bluetooth speaker with great sound and long back up..Value for money product.. The bass is not quite high but with its size it is justified...,5.0
Sound quality is very good,5.0
wonderful product. exceeded my expectations.,5.0
Its a great speaker and convenient to carry anywhere with you!,5.0
Lots not completed a year and it is not working 😞.I need to return this product,1.0
Fantastic sound..... good quality..... original product,5.0
Good Buy & Solved my requirement,5.0
Best Bluetooth speakers one could buy. 5 hrs of continuous playback. Waterproof. What can one ask more?,5.0
It is Value for money. If you are looking for something which is handy and doesn't bother about the 'base' then this best budget speaker to have. I have been using it for past 3-4months with no complain.4-5 hours battery backuproom filling sound(although I generally use it while travelling in my car).,4.0
Good product and great sound in this small one. Quality is good when hearing songs or movie. Satisfied with product.,5.0
Cost is slightly high performance is good,4.0
"nice, gives a wide range of the audio bandwidth",5.0
Nice one and super,5.0
The best and most affordable light weight bluetooth speaker ever. Have already gifted many pieces to my family and friends :),5.0
Very good but battery is not good for long,5.0
Compact and lightweightBass should be more,3.0
Speaker is not connecting with any device. It is not discoverable.,3.0
The name is enough,5.0
"Awesome one! sound is average, colour is good, seems long lasting one",5.0
Awesome product and looking forward to buy another one.. Nice sound quality,5.0
Really it's worth and value for money,5.0
No need to say about sound quality finally it's JBL!,5.0
Money wasted,1.0
"Very handy and portable, Bluetooth range is amazing too!! Battery gives you upto 5 hrs of loud bass music . perfect companion for travel lovers! This is also at a minimal cost, better and cheaper than most other JBL speakers.Sushant Shekharhttp://onehackup.com",5.0
I got duplicate one,1.0
"Awesome class of sound, easy to carry and battery performance is also good.",3.0
Color is awesome for blue lovers.Sound quality is good.But Sony Srs-x11 is better even its price are also high.But this one is not a bad deal with Rs. 1700 around.,4.0
"The product is Not working after 6 months of usageBattery life is not good there is also an issue in chargingIn need of customer care support, Amazon could you help us?",2.0
It suddenly stops playing music i have brought it last month and now I'm regretting my decision now i can't even return it and the jbl customer care are not receiving the call.,1.0
Excellent Packing.Good material quality.Extra Battery life.Above average sound quality.,5.0
Happy with is,5.0
Powerful for its size ....Love it,5.0
The best In the market,4.0
They are fantastic with great voice and looks...Ordered 2 by mistake and gifted one to my father and he loved it...go for it....,5.0
"Hi,This product is not working and it's in warranty period.. even I purchase this item one month ago.Could you please let me know the procedure to return this product ASAP....Thank you.",1.0
Material quality good and sound quality  low and battery life low,3.0
I just love jbl productsGood quality high and clean clear sound,5.0
Sound is very clear with avarage bass. More or less best in these price range.,5.0
"Build quality is good, it looks premium, buy I had to return it due to sound not being enough for a 3W speaker.",3.0
Awesome..,5.0
wifi stops working when you connect it via bluetooth. that's why you can use speaker only for downloaded contents.,2.0
Nice sound quality,5.0
The Bluetooth connection gets disconnected after few minutes even with full charge ..Very disappointed with the product,1.0
Sound quality is awesome and the speaker is loud enough .No sound distortion at higher volume and the bass delivery of the speaker is awesome.Sound quality is Crystal clear and I thought the best speakers in the given price range.,5.0
"music quality excellent,bass massive basscouldnt imagine that u would get this performance from this tiny speakeri luved it!quiet over priced ,but ok with performance",4.0
Awsome. Completely loving it . Good sound clarity and over all very balanced and clear output . And red colour looks lovely,5.0
Awesome Product super,5.0
"It meets my expectations. Chotu in size but full dhamal sounds. Would recommend it for all music lovers. Most importantly, it works for 5 hours aaram se after one time charged. Portable and you can carry anywhere. 4 out of 5 from my side.",4.0
Great sound quality and Bluetooth connectivity,5.0
The speaker is not that good that i expected.Bass effect is low.go for BOAT.. My friend bought one which comes under same price range. It was good,3.0
Best speaker in this prise segment... excellent bassss,5.0
Portable but sound quality is sufficient only for a small space,4.0
Superb,5.0
its really amazing. suoerb fast delivery from amazon,4.0
The speaker is great and sound quality is good considering its size and price. I bought it for 1400 on sale.  Its pretty loud too.,4.0
Damage within 10 days.not work properly .on off switch in not working .no replace availability .faltu JBL SPEAKER,1.0
Portability...loud...good runtime... decent bass for the prize,5.0
"I bought this item from Amazon itself and I found it pretty overwhelming. The sound quality, the bass, battery life is really amazing. Thank you JBL and thanks to Amazon for the one day delivery.",5.0
"Hi team,  This product is stopped working from last 2 weeks.  Request you to please send a copy of invoice of this product so that I can visit nearest service center to repair it.Thanks,Avinash",1.0
Good sound quality amazing product packing is good very small to carry in pocketBut the headphone Jack does not work why i dont know.....,5.0
Best sound Highly recommend,5.0
Good sound,4.0
Some error showing while connecting through bluetooth not all the times some times,3.0
Waste of money,1.0
The best and cute speakers I have seen and heard in my life. The battery life is amazing,5.0
Wonderful,5.0
Super power full loud and more bass very best jbl speaker in this range,5.0
Best sound box in this range,5.0
"Sound quality is poor. Portability is very small in size in actual, was showing bigger in pics.",1.0
sound.. ohh JBL u rock!! mindblowing.. battery backup is also good.. earlier i had a plan 2 buy logitech which 1 of my friend has.. but the decision to go 4 jbl go really worked.. everything iz outstanding especially when u connect call with it.. crisp and clear voice..,5.0
Best of my view,5.0
"This is a great buy! It's compactness and design is what makes it so portable. The battery life is satisfactory, sound quality could be a bit better though. I purchased the Teal color, which looks great. No complains so far!!",4.0
Product is very good sound quality portability is very good clear sound really a very good product from jbl,5.0
Sound quality is not clear/ defective. I am very much fedup with the defective sound. I dislike the product and want replacement. Please replace the product at the earliest.,1.0
I use it to listen to music and watch videos.  Its bass is somewhat high making it difficult to understand the conversation sometimes.  Otherwise great product.,5.0
i need deep bass so this divice not suitable for me,4.0
"Am giving a 5 * for this amazing JBL GO wireless bluetooth Speaker. Sound quality is really good than what i was expecting. Easy to handle, pocket friendly, same colour as in the picture. Affordable price. Overall a good product. Thanks Amazon :)",5.0
Good value for money,5.0
Good product from JBL,5.0
Excellent sound and easy to set up and use. My 4 year old now adjusts sounds easily,5.0
"Excellent compact and great quality of sound for a small room and to use in cars , very portable",5.0
Best sound box,5.0
"Superb sound for my laptop and mobile, really intense!!",5.0
"Rs.1800 Pura paisa vasool!!Despite the small size, this speaker is true Rockstar!! Sound quality and play time after is charging is superb!! Highly recommended product!!",5.0
Superb quality .small yet powerful.great deal.buy this and experience jbl in palms,5.0
Nice product and easy to use,5.0
So far its good. You can easily connect it ro your mobiles and pc. Sound quality is good. You can even attend calls with this speaker.you will get an usb cable and a manual. Portable .,4.0
Totally worth your bucks..Amazing sound quality..mini dynamo.!!,5.0
After 3 year with not so heavy use no sound is comming from device.also we canot open it ti check.,3.0
Excellent sound quality and product packing.  Good size n compatible to carry around.  Only thing is it doesn't come with any carry along pouch. Otherwise just go for it...,5.0
Everything is good about this product,5.0
Battery play time come for 5 hoursBut they did not give hoderCharger wire is shortSuper BassNice product,5.0
JBL provesd it's credibility. Awesome bass.,5.0
It has only been a month since i purchased the product and now all of a sudden it stopped working.,1.0
I can't understand that while I listening to music by connecting with my Samsung galaxy on nxt mobile it's music is going on with the type of buffering and after 3-5 minutes stops totally bý disconnecting with the phone automatically.,1.0
"Seriously I don't accept it will up to the mark ,but It is awesome. At this price the product have all the qualities.",5.0
Received wrong colour Charing cable,5.0
Nice product but to expensive not worth of 1700 must be1000 to 1200.max 1500,4.0
Just awesome as always JBL's products! Kadak (कड़क),5.0
Beautiful...sounds crystal clear..value for money..oh yes..loved it..but I wish it had a port for pendrive!!,5.0
It’s good sounding,5.0
Today I got this item.. Nd it's sound quality is good.. If you want sound like BOSE then don't go for it. Over all good product.,5.0
Its ok ok,3.0
Excellent sound quality e,5.0
Worth the money,5.0
Love everything,5.0
Good Bluetooth speaker and nice sound in compact size.quite satisfied with it.,5.0
Wonderful gizmo n an astounding output as compared to size. Perfect for travel too.,5.0
Awedome music very smooth sound quality,5.0
This product is really good.... Must buy.aound quality is very good..  good packaging... Worth it...,5.0
Excellent produced and delivered as soon as excepted.  Love it Amazon....,4.0
"I gifted this to my girlfriend and she loved it. In a closed room, the sound is petty good. And it looks cool too. Suitable for mini parties.",5.0
very good product,5.0
Very clear sound. Hasslefree connect to Bluetooth. Battery is moderate.. Beautifully designed..,5.0
Good,4.0
Easy to keep with laptopGood sound qualityGood battery life,4.0
"One of the best things to purchase. Great things in a small package. Completely surpassed my expectations. I bought this on a whim, only to find that the sound quality is better than expected. The build quality is better than expected, looks better than expected and is easy to use.",5.0
DOING ITZ WORK FOR THE MONEY SPENT.,5.0
Great product with very good sound quality,5.0
"Superb sound typical of JBL. No problems at all, it's a great product",5.0
Not upto the mark.,2.0
"Compact size, good quality sound, good range (works best in LOS of phone). Happy with the purchase.",5.0
"It worth the money that u pay , it's really good  , especially for dancers , they can easily plan a quick practice",4.0
Good one amaze to see small one but speakers are good,4.0
Best affordable speaker if you're on a tight budget....amazing delivery time.....just love it,5.0
Excellent performance,5.0
Very good quality product at this price range. Sound quality is smoot & clear. As expected found value for money.,5.0
"""material quality- Good"", ""sound quality-Goo"" and ""battery life not yet decided",5.0
Outstanding .....performance...but sometimes its haveing problem  in connecting bt...  And price is little high.,5.0
Worth for money. Amazing sound and portability.,5.0
Works well. Sound is low.worth the price,5.0
Ok ok made in China,2.0
Been used for 2 years and it is still working fine.. awesome product.,4.0
The one thing I like about this speaker is sound quality..u can carry it everywhere u want..It is so small and attractive...,5.0
Good product,5.0
Using this T speaker since nearly one year and the sound quality is excellent. Charges really quickly and charge holds for quite long usage. Good product and I'm happy with my purchase,4.0
Amazing after years of purchase still working amazing,5.0
Super speakers,5.0
Good Quality Sound Quantity average to GoodOwing to price most widely Sold,5.0
"Very nice product and very portable too.its very small in size easy to carry,liked the orange color different from other traditional black coloured. Sound quality is good.I am totally satisfied with product",5.0
Go for it.,5.0
Satisfied,5.0
Very nice by jblGood sound quality,5.0
Good,5.0
Just awesome,5.0
Speakers have a great sound quality and does not gets affected event at highest volume.Only thing that's bothering me is that i ordered a black speaker and i have received orange instructions manual and charging cable. So confused if it is genuine or not.,4.0
amazing sound quality good battery,5.0
Good sounds quality,4.0
Very good ultra clear sound,5.0
Overall awesome but...i have bought this 6months  ago....n at this time ...i m suffering from charging problem...right now.. What should i go ??,4.0
Best speaker.Bass is good but sound could have been little more crisp and clear,4.0
Awesome product,5.0
initially the sound was too good and clear. but fuzzy sound after 2 years.. now i need to replace...,1.0
Very impressed.. Works like a charm even after 2 years.. And battery lifes also good..,5.0
Very good,5.0
Extremely useful even for office meetings and online classes.,5.0
Sounds about average.,2.0
Awesome product. Worth for money. I got this product for Rs.1799.Really loved the bass effect. It is good enough for a standard room.I used to connect it to my phone while watching movies and songs.,5.0
Excellent,5.0
"Quality okay!!But its free delivery,bt the delivery charge for delivery charge.",4.0
Satisfied..good quality..good sound..,5.0
Acceptable sound quality,5.0
Good product as expected,5.0
Worked only 2 months.  Contacted Amazone they told to contact supplier direct,1.0
"Quality of sound is nice, but not enough loud! Its better to use normal phone speakers than spending 2K",3.0
Excellent product at an outstanding price. Recommended wholeheartedly.!!( please read detailed reviews on Amazon.com ),5.0
It's very fantastic & superb sound quality & easy to portable anywhere. Amazing..,4.0
It's sounds awesome . Good product if you want to buy a branded box at low price then i should recommend this jbl go .,4.0
Really nice article and awesome sound quality. A worth buying product. Extremely happy with the article. It can fit into the palm and easy to handle with big features.,4.0
The best Bluetooth speaker available in this range.. quality product from JBL..noise reduction..calling facility..crystal clarity music..easy to carry..best for a bedroom listening or street night parties..good battery back up,5.0
"This is the best wirless bt speaker.. in this price. U can buy it for its sound quality , class , looks,.... . Best option. Thanks.",5.0
The best in the market. Me and my friend both bought and we are in love with it. Great work JBL.,5.0
Sound good bt so small,5.0
Product quality is good but sounds are litte... Not value for money... Would have been better if slightly more loudness,2.0
Great product.. smooth and loud music.. Thanks Amazon for fastest delivery and good packaging.,5.0
Ncy product and its worth for money,5.0
"simple to use, good sound quality",5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Battery back up is not sufficient. Run only 2 hrs instead of 5hrs as stated.,4.0
Super quality sound batry 6hours and nice looking u can go with jbl,5.0
"Apart from good sound, it is easy to cart around, connects easily, has a decent range and a decent battery life.",5.0
Good,5.0
"An awesome product I ever got ... Superb, fantabulous.... Loved it. Very much worthy at dis price....now it's price is hiked... I bought it for RS 1.5k",5.0
This is really overall good but sound is not that much ...If u r expecting this for parties in house then not for that  also not for bday parties for friends ..Just have fun with urself listen louder,5.0
I bought it a year back and writing here after complete satisfaction of the product. Good product.,5.0
Sound quality could have been little more,3.0
Everyday we are using since 6 months no complaints audio is very clear worth for money,5.0
Good and decent quality speaker,5.0
Good,5.0
Very high price compare quantities,2.0
Love the product. Compact yet loud.Packaging was bad... I was lucky the product was intact.,5.0
nice product,5.0
Nice product. I had purchase it after knowing from my freind but after using over a year it seems worthy to me. after one year performance of the product is as same as new.,5.0
Amazing sound quality...totally worth it...in love with the speaker...,5.0
Waste of Money. Go for Boat Rugby instead of this small box.,1.0
Going fineHope for its better durability,3.0
Perfect for hostelers and travellers .Portable and sound quality is also good,5.0
Sound quality very nice,5.0
Very good and long lasting battery,5.0
Suppar qualiy sound,4.0
Very nice.,5.0
Very bad experience of this speaker. The battery backup has become completely dull within only one and a half year. After full charge it is working not even less than half hour and red light start to blink.,1.0
Brilliant product at the price point. Perfect for watching movies with friends or just playing some music at home!,5.0
sound quality and battery backup good,5.0
Not that quality products,4.0
Everything is good but the usb cable stopped working after 10 days ..Other things are perfect,4.0
This is the best available bluetooth speaker in the range. i have seen other speakers of this range but i found this best.I got this at 1459.,5.0
Nice portable music system,3.0
The product was working fine for a month and now its sound output has totally went for a toss. I had one of these earlier and they worked just fine for more than a year. I am extremely dissatisfied and disappointed.,1.0
Super,5.0
Nyc Audio Quality but Bass Is Little bit Less Performance in comparison to Audio sound! Atleast Good Product!,4.0
Good sound quality..light weight... Battery is OK.. It should last long few more hours...,5.0
Good,4.0
