review,rating
I am spellbound after seeing this.What a value of money ... love you MI 🎊😍😘 ...and also the package delivery service and packing was quite good .READ MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile. I've purchased it for my Mom🥰... She is very happy with this SURPRISE... Guys don't take any Option and make it as a Selection... Wonderful Mobile 🤩READ MORE,5.0
"Very good phone...nice display and  long battery life ,, good camera, 4gb Ram, large storage... decent price... highly recommendREAD MORE",5.0
super budget mobile i like type c port 5000mah big battery4gb 64gb excellent storage device superREAD MORE,4.0
"it was a very smoothly phone works and also it has a light weight,thin that you are very easily use for the daily life.important thing is that Sapparine blue colour just love it...whenever you'll see it...thank you very much flipkart for only in maximum 30 hours fast delivery...i think my opinion is redmi 8 value for money phone📱 ❤READ MORE",5.0
"Awesom product. From my point of view, redmi 8 is the only must buy mobile phone for moderate budget people. The battery, display, and ram & rom performs well. The speaker has huge & crystal clear voice, and the look is so hot & attractive that this phone dominates in front of other high budget phones.As such all color varients are better, but I own the Emerald green varient which is the best, awesome & appreciated & praised by all, whoever see it.READ MORE",5.0
Redmi 7 In Good Phone in Good processor in Good 64Gb In Good 4G RamREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone, Good battery life, amazing design... camera should have been better... not really satisfied with the camera quality 😞READ MORE",4.0
Stunning look 5camera good 4Battery powerful performance 5Android pie 5Display awesome 5 Value for money 5READ MORE,5.0
Wow great phone camera is super and battery is very good I am so happy this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"HONEST REVIEW FROM A HONEST BUYER !I know there are lot of pros but one major con is making everything in this phone bad .i.e the processor. The phone is very slow--the fingerprint sensor, the application handling, the typing in keyboard. So overall if you are looking for a secondary phone only for calls then you can go for it otherwise in this range go for Asus who also has the same configuration in terms of battery and RAM but with a far fast processor .Black colour model is a big turno...READ MORE",2.0
Nothing Good About this phone other than the cost...it's heavy .. the display is dull.... the rear camera is as good as a 8 megapixel... Selfies are auto beautified so the face looks digitally enhanced.... performance wise to there is a lot of lag... it took me approx 40 secs to load up the Google page...All in all this phone is like a all in one tool kit with half the tools missing / rusty...READ MORE,1.0
I'm happy to this mobile phone bettry is good value of money best is the best thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"good phone and battery ,camera good ... processor is good but according to money not goodand display  is also good but according to money it is not good. all over a good phone.READ MORE",5.0
very impressive mobile . look like is very awesome.. design is very good. I like it blur quality is good .READ MORE,5.0
well it's good for simple work and capture good pics. internet speed is not good compare to others.READ MORE,4.0
this mobile is superb everything things is great battery backup camera display all is osm and it's design is very impressive I like this mobile very much in this budget is mobile is superb you should go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"Pros : * Big Battery * Fast Charging * Great Value for Money  *Impressive Aura mirror design.                                                       Cons: * Decent Camera *Weak Processor                                     Finally I would Conclude that if you want to play high graphics games and take good photographs this is not good choice,  But if want a big battery with a beautiful design supported with fast charging also equipped  with fingerprint scanner in this price range ,then its a go...READ MORE",4.0
redmi 8 is best mobile best mobile battery is better camera is best performance is great and display in the fabulous and designed is superduper hit and price 1000 high firfi koi bat nahi thank you flipkard card##(special thank you filpkard)##READ MORE,4.0
I have been using this phone for the past 5months..The phone is a perfect choice... But as soon as the climate changed to summer... The phone cannot even handle any tasks properly... Let me explain.. If you play ludo - a less graphic demanding game.. The phone gets hot and the climate is also hot (indoors-with the fan on) heat is not the issue.. But the network cuts off... Both the sim will be off... Then you have to restart the phone and literally cool it with a cool cloth... Otherwise ev...READ MORE,1.0
"It is absolutely value for money,The display is good enough for movies and casual social videos. It isn't especially vivid, but is bright enough to be used just fine even under direct sunlight. Widevine DRM is restricted to L3 so you'll be streaming videos at lower-than-HD quality, but you might not even notice. The speaker is surprisingly crisp and loud.Worth IT!Just Go Ahead and buy......!READ MORE",5.0
"I got this phone within two days.. the delivery service was awesome, and the mobile is super Amazing 😍🙈. If you're planning to order this phone , go for the green colour as it is mesmerizing 💓💕My family and all my friends loved the colour too!!It comes with 4gb ram also in this price which is a bonus 🤓Just go for it.!!!🤘READ MORE",5.0
I am purchase this mobile for my dad. Absolutely perfect for him. No comments about mobile. Best thing i ever seen in this mobile is speaker voice. Soft music is really makes you feel happy.... Overall good product.is Very best resmi 8 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is good & the battery backup is strong & at this cost that is amazing phone & due to heavy battery it have more weight like other mobile.Back design is awesome.you can purchase without any hesitation.READ MORE,5.0
"Have received the product today (13/08)  and the phone looks great, battery back up is excellent till now, camera is satisfactory , screen size is good and in terms of performance (4 GB RAM) do justify that.Over All 4/5 - A good budget smartphoneREAD MORE",4.0
Camera is superb 👌 for photography 🙌I really loved it its too handsome please in performance  and it's cool and it gives a long battery backup up 😎READ MORE,5.0
worth for money good mobile but camera is not much it's have 5000mAH But it's not working like that is working like 4500 mAhworth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
super and wonderful .. value for money and good quality .....  i am very happy with productREAD MORE,5.0
very fast delivery by flipkart. excellent phone battery backup is powerful..my suggestion for this price very good option.thank you so much flipkart. i love it.READ MORE,5.0
It's really a nice phone with a good camera quality... backside design is also amazing with a beautiful shining...READ MORE,4.0
"It's an awesome phone at this price with 5000mah massive battery. Also, the phone's performance is great, and the camera is also very good. If anyone want a good phone at this price then it's highly recommended.And specially I thank Flipkart for delivering so quickly  even during this lockdown in the orange zone.READ MORE",5.0
very nice mobile it's display is very nice and the camera is also very nice thankyou flipkart for giving this good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Attractive Colour n Specs. Value for Money Product. If u r not giving more importance to Camera then this is the Right one for u. Battery capacity, Stylish, Memory space. All worthy at this Price. Mi Rocks. 😍🤘READ MORE",5.0
Very nice Mobile phone  Colour is Best and Display super .and Camera quality is BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product... Verry smooth tuch screen... Cemara quality is beautiful. Battery backup is verry good and fast 🔋⚡charging.READ MORE,5.0
Very good phone in lowest budget and good performance. Very good fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
"Super phone I gifted my dad, he was very happy and it gives normal calls in 4 to 5 days in single chargeREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice amazing phone📱 valu for money🤑💸💵💴💶💰💳 Good battery and good displayREAD MORE,4.0
"Super mobile i am full happy  ,olny on 8000 4gb ram 64 gb inbuilt 5000 mah battery super product by redmi. Thanks to miREAD MORE",5.0
camera quality is too good excellent fast delivery thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Redmi 8 is a choice upgrade to its predecessor. Sporting a massive 5000mAh battery, you can work and play uninterrupted. This smartphone also comes with 18W Fast Charge support, so you are charged and ready to go in no time. The all-new Aura Mirror design is sure to impress anyone with a whole new range of colours including – Ruby Red, Onyx Black and Sapphire Blue. The phone is also protected by Corning® Gorilla® Glass 5 to protect from drops and falls.Make this phone realy Great👌• Powere...READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome phone in this price , value for money , i give 4 starts for display just comparing to Samsung,  but if I look at this phone with this price then this is amazing , battery is good , and design is awesome awesome.... buy it ..READ MORE",5.0
great product i love this productcamera quality is great pics look like DSLR camera PicREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone  good to use good for gaming good for priceREAD MORE,5.0
super product💪good designgood displaybattery is okbut camera is too bad👎low clarity and when the portait mode opens camera got lagged😶please solve it on next update🙏storage only 51 gb availablesolve these problemsotherwise it is agood and superior productREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup nice front camera not good but back camera very good nice phone value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"phone is very good and in camera the potrait mode is nice but the only that is,not  so impressive is the performance it hangs manier times.all other than this its a worth it choice...READ MORE",5.0
Display could have been better because in normal view some of the content is missing some time directly it is showing in full view not in normal view in YouTube only. And Even Processor could have been better too. Apart from that everything is perfect. Value for money phone. Loved it !READ MORE,5.0
"My honest opinion would that you cannot get anything better than this in this price range. The back camera and battery performance is totally awesome, screen quality is decent considering the price point and as you all know the design is so beautiful that it totally takes the points away from its competitors. I definitely give a thumbs up to xiaomi for such great product..... Thanks xiaomiREAD MORE",5.0
"Pros :1. Because of SD439, it does not consume a lot of battery and does the battery life of 5000mah is a lot. I do a lot of social media and the battery lasts for 2 days.2. The Phone is very good for someone who does not play games specially pubg because pubg does not run well on this device.3. Screen brightness is very good and type c port in this price is also good. 4. Speakers are very good.5. Only budget phone available in stock during lockdown. Cons :1. SD 439 is a bit outdated ...READ MORE",5.0
"Nice mobile,it is better for me .I love it,the battery performance is very good but the processor is not so goodREAD MORE",5.0
Amazing phone. Super design. I bought it for my friend and he is so happy to have it.READ MORE,5.0
"considering the price point 64 GB ROM and 4GB Ram with dedicated memory slot it's fabulous. what I like most: 1. Mobile screen, it's a 6.2 hd+ with 269 PPI, no issues looking excellent no pixelation found.2. Battery performance - Excellent3. Front Gorilla Glass protection - superb4. camera - good, not expecting more with this price segment.5. MIUI 11 - new vibrant colours on icons looks stylish.etc...nothing to complain.. some reviewers mentioned that Snapdragon 439 processor is not a...READ MORE",5.0
affordable and good quality products.. battery show 5000mah but it works like 4000mah .... overall it's one of the best mobile in 8000 price ..READ MORE,5.0
"The phone is quite good, it cannot get a good phone at such a low price. Battery backup is very good, display quality is not as good. The camera is also fine according to the amount, overall best phone in this price range.....READ MORE",4.0
Good Smart Phone In Thish Price . Camera Quality Is Best & Battry runing 2 days. Over All  best smart phone. Look Is Very Nice & Build Quality.READ MORE,5.0
"FlipKart can close my return window now itself. I am not going to return this phone at all.At last a budget phone with massive 5000 mAh battery and superb camera.BTW, If you want a good smartphone in this price segment I will highly recommend this phone. Go for it blindly.I ordered on Nov 29th 2019 Friday, & FLIPKART got it delivered on December 01st 2019.(colour- Ruby RED, Variant- 4 GB Ram & 64 GB RoM)Now let me start about with the pros & cons about the new ""Redmi 8"" ---Pros :)...READ MORE",5.0
"Display is not Full HD (It's HD+)Camera is Good in this budget.Processor may be more powerful, but not bad.Battery is 5000mAh which is great.It supports 18W charging, but you get 10W adapter in the box.Type -C is also good.Overall it's a good phone.READ MORE",4.0
this phone looks soo classy 👌 and it has a very nice premium design as well....I am happy with this phone...for the camera quality I think mi should go few step ahead becoz the camera is not at it's level best... everything is very perfect in redmi 8..the only thing what I didn't like is the performance of this phone...some time I felt frustration with it's performance...but it's okay with this price segment...READ MORE,4.0
"Very good smartphone, value for money, i am very satisfied with this smartphone. Xiaomi (Redmi) is the best smartphone in India. I love Redmi mobile, thank you so much Flipkart &  specially thanks to the seller flashter Ecommerce for giving me a genuine assured products.READ MORE",5.0
"value for money pakka product , excellent battery,nice design super phone compare to infinix hot 8  thanks to mi for this wonderful mobile phoneREAD MORE",5.0
I am purchase this mobile for my dad. Absolutely perfect for him. No comments about mobile. Best thing i ever seen in this mobile is speaker voice. Soft music is really makes you feel happy.... Overall good product.READ MORE,5.0
I am very impressed for this device this is value for money 8000 range this is a good phone for a normal use thank you MI for a low budget phone for all of peopleREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome color of mobile..@ great price well done mi & delivery also fast as well nice design nd look ## camera at this price is okREAD MORE,5.0
Typical Redmi phone Not + not -We are happy with Redmi from almost 5 yrs..Nice Redmi budget phone..Emerald Green nice look..10000 as per price looking goodOverall nice experience with redmi..Flipkart delivery also amazing within 26hrs phone is in our hand..READ MORE,4.0
"Trendy and Most Wanted Mobile in OCT 2019.why do we waste money excessive 2kto 3k for better camera and processors for other than Redmi 8?  yes of course we have good battery, display, sufficient camera and processors to perform our daily task in redmi 8 which is awesome mobile... unbeatable with redmi note 8. both are same. after using a month I am providing this review. You can go blindly with Redmi 8 and damn sure it will satisfy your expectations... by Shafeeq, ChennaiREAD MORE",5.0
I am Using Mobile from 1 MonthI will explain my Journey with Redmi 8First Of All The Mobile Is very Good Perfomer At That PriceAnd No Mobiles Are Not Available at This TimeCamera Was Good Performance Is very good at this PrizeU will really AmazedBattery was fantastic really losts for 1.5 to 2 daysOverall Very Good Mobile Blindly Go for it Dear FriendsU Will Don't be DisappointedAnd Also Thank U FlipkartI Also Giving Some Camera Samples Have a lookHope This Review Is Helpfu...READ MORE,5.0
Superb phone.. Great performanceLow prices.. Big budjet phoneI m hpy with disI suggest to everyone.. Pls go nd buy himOne of the best phone in low pricesI give.. 5 0f 5 starREAD MORE,5.0
I have ordered a good product through Flipkart. it's wonderful product and valuable for money.delivery was wonderful because they have delivered before expected on time.READ MORE,5.0
"The best product , awesome mobiles and also best battery settings. awesome brightness . a big phone , value for money . I really really love it .READ MORE",5.0
nice phone camera awesome battery awesome nice color green phone delivered in two dayREAD MORE,5.0
nice Mobil Best of luck finding people nice image cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Very good Mobile and nice smooth display long bettery nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"I dont know why some people giving less stars,Let me give my review after using since 15 days.Giving my review as below. 1.Finger print and face unlock is super fast.2. Touch is smooth.3. IPS Display which is HDR Enabled is upto the mark.4. Beautiful colours available i am using Gamma Green.5. Feel and Look is just awesome.6. Notch Display.7. Ram and internal Memory.8. Processor is super fast.9. All Camera working perfectly, i love macro camera.10. Beast for Gaming.11. Build qu...READ MORE",5.0
"very nice phone, but camera is not what i expected. rest of it device is awesome. long-lasting battery gets charged within 35 minutes with c-type charger. now its upgraded to miui 11 version. many settings have been updated. very nice mobile with high config on less budget. nice product, thank youREAD MORE",5.0
Redmi8 worth for money  perfect back camera  battery is perfect really happy  compact and weight less  10 days  delivery time before I got delivery thanks for Flipkart I am really happy happy happy thanks Flipkart delivery tracking facility is really nice and I am really happy to get the product from Flipkart thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Great Budget Phone...• Good Camera• Excellent Battery Backup with Type C• Nice Screen• Space Good 4Gb 64Gb• Excellent DesignREAD MORE,5.0
"In this price range-1. Camera is very good. 2. Display is very good.3. Battery is also awesome. give you one and half  days charge for normal use. 4. Processor is lil bit old but works smooth.5. Other features like Google lense, face and fingure tip unlok works very first. Over all a very good purchase.READ MORE",5.0
"first of all thanks to Flipkart for awesome fast delivery in just 3 days . phone is awesome display, build quality is good but it is little bulky phone and also thickness is little more compare to other brands product which is similar to this range but also redmi provide USB C type charge and also 5000 may big battery . go for it friendsREAD MORE",5.0
"Purchase on first sale and got delivered in 2 days at Mirzapur (U.P.). Flipkart service was very good.I am big fan of MI phone and using from last 5 year. My expectations was very high from Redmi 8 series phone, so that purchased both Redmi 8A & Redmi 8.1- Weight of this phone is heavier than any other other MI phone and u will not feel comfortable on first time.2- Display have gorilla glass 5 but screen brightness is very dull.3- Battery life is fantastic.4- Speed of phone is not good a...READ MORE",4.0
Just awesome mobile..... Everything is fine i am giving this mobile 5 star rating..... Highly recommended to all of you who wants to purchase a mid range phone....READ MORE,5.0
"The best product in this price range with huge space and powerful battery backup. Camera pixels are not too high but fair with this handy price. Except camera all features all highly recommendable just go for it, don't think too much.READ MORE",4.0
The sound quality is amazing wonderful like a woofer when it is in full mode. The 🔋 backup is also amazing 4 day continue when it full chargeREAD MORE,5.0
Im using this phone since 3 and half months still this is performing well battery backup is awesome Redmi is sending update at regular intervals Portrait mode is awesome iam playing Free fire with no problems at this price this phone is bestREAD MORE,5.0
"perfect work for normal use, Pubgi not perfect work in this phone, you càn buy only for normal daily use.READ MORE",5.0
mobile is good display good battery good camera good I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
"It’s look like very nice and colour also very nice , I never seen like this model and price .READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Phone At This Price Range But For Heavy Gaming Go For Redmi Note 7 S Or Realme 5 *This Mobile Has Some Features 1) 4+64 At This Price This Is Only For First 5 Millions Customers2) Wireless FM Radio 3) 5000 Mah Battery With 18 W Fast Charging I Charged My Mobile In 2 Hours 4) Type C Port 5) With The Mi mobiles You Can connect Your Mi TV Which Include IR Blaster In the mobile * *********Overall Rating 4.5 ********👍💓READ MORE,3.0
"First of all I have received a made in China version of Redmi 8 which I did not at all expect at this tumultuous moment, that to be from my favourite shopping platform- Flipkart. I raised complaint against this.. But haven't received any response from team Flipkart which is once again disastrous. Now coming to the product.Pros:1. Battery: Good gesture from Xiaomi to provide a heavy battery at this price range.2. Type C port and 18 W fast charging support can be a deal maker.3. MIUI is a ...READ MORE",1.0
"ALLOVER MOBILE IS VALUE FOR MONEY ,BUT CAMERA GOOD IN THIS BUDGET / IT'S A BUDGET MOBILE /BATTERY IS 5000MAH WHICH IS ONE OF THE BEST IN THIS PHONE /PROCESSOR IS ALSO GOOD IN THIS RANGE/ CAMERA IS NOT SO GOOD TO TAKE  PHOTOS AS COMPARED TO OTHER MOBILES UNDER THIS RANGE....YOU CAN BUY ,BEST PHONE IN THIS RANGE.READ MORE",5.0
"Best smartphone in this range...I have used this phone more than 7 month, and not seems any issueCamera is awesome battery backup is too gooddisplay is goodperformance is awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent smartphone in this price range. Good battery backup and design. Camera is average. Back panel is not glass but made up of plastic and is scratchable easily. Display is above average as far as price of this smart phone is concerned. I bought this for my mother and found it very much useful in this price range.If price is the restriction for you and if you are looking for a phone under 10k than just simply go for it without any thinking.READ MORE,5.0
Overall experience of using this phone is bestBattery is bestFast chargingType C data cable Full HD displayNo lag while playing PUBG OR FREE FIREsuperb mobileBest budget mobile phone under this priceI like this phone as camera is in middle which looks makes betterCamera is good Selfie 🤳 is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
Its been 7 months to use this phone and this is amazing product in 8000 It has no any issues yet Speaker volume is so loud and camera is also vary good it support farst charging too battery backup is also very nice all about this product is very nice in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Its worth it. Its rear camera is best for normal use. Selfie camera is not that good. Its good till now. I brought it two months ago and it has no compromise with speed.READ MORE,5.0
Owsm phn green colour is very decent work smoothly all programme is working gud choice use first time Mi phn my experience is soo gud nd thnkqww Flipkart 2 days delivery value of money thank you redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone in just 7999 with 4gb Ram 64gb external storage and Snapdragon 435 processor camera quality is very good normally photo size is approx 2mb to 4mb. I'm Fully satisfied with this phone. My order is just delivered in 24 hours that's great work by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good product and value for money.... we are using this product since last 3 months accordingly I want to put few points. pros:1. value for money2. good display 3. processor of mobile is good at this rangecons:1. heavy and little sturdy (not a slim trim type) 2. poor camera quality (we can not expect good camera at this range) 3. No charging LED indicator like other modelsREAD MORE,4.0
"redmi 8 mobile is ossum,value for money @good battery backup ,when mob fully charged it will become   long lasting backup sinc 3day on single charge ,@display is good@nice variant 4gb ram nd 64 gb internal @value for money @nice look @front camera is awesome @ C typ charger is good ,@overall redmi 8 performance is good@ruby red colour is impressive@value for money ,go  for it @2 to 3 days battery backup it's massive .👌👌READ MORE",5.0
"Not best but good in that budget. Battery is very good but camera is can be better. For me camera is not good. Good looking mobile, performance is likely good....READ MORE",4.0
redmi 8 mobile excellent mobile low price mobile smart mobile super I love I am lucky thank you Flipkart battery excellent mobile phone search excellent smartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone in this price with looonnnggg battery best movie view great look Rich RED............. faster performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Best Budget Phone of the Year Review after 5 Days Uses.First time user of Redmi .1. Best Front Camera specially with portrait mode and Day Lighting..it's seems like 16 MP Camera..2. Best thing in this phone is touch paid and screen resolution3. Touch pas also working very fast.4. Color Ruby Red is very eye-catching with transparent glass.4. Battery is Superb 5/55.Issue with camera in low light ..6. Anyways in this price segments Redmi is providing the service and features like 14k...READ MORE,4.0
"Very good quality I am throughly satisfied.Battery and charger was awesome.No heat felt when charging and gaming. Camera Quality was good but not awesome, for this price range it was OK. In normal usage Battery working for 3 Days.over all I am give 5 out of 5.I am not a great user of games but using Internet for 4 hours daily, no heating problem.No Tempered glass with the package It would have been better if the company send it along with the phone it merely cost 100 rupees. Otherwise phone Q...READ MORE",5.0
"Great Redmi 8 ... Bettery master , camera champion , best one.READ MORE",5.0
Overall good product.camera is good ...edge detection is very well improved than redmi 7.4 gb ram allows you to ...enjoy more app at a time..in this price range ... specifications we have got are very satisfactory. look..is awesome.. redmi changed the location of the camera...it looks like Nokia Mobiles.5000mAh battery with fast charging support ..in this Price range.. just wow... factor..Overall in this price range... it is best mobile.. highly recommended...😇READ MORE,4.0
"5 on 5 for Flipkart,12 hours free delivery. I have been mi user since more than 3 years now, this product looks for the price specified. Camera, front-awesome rear-average. Operating speed-average, battery-gives solid backup, charges very slow- took more than 2 hours to charge from 48% to 100. Overall would say good product for this price range.READ MORE",5.0
It is a great mobile at 8000 more specification battery is awesome it is a 4 GB ram in our it is t best mobile for meREAD MORE,4.0
This is the best phone i ever used❤❤❤❤❤selfie camera is good but the back camera is awsome blossom❤❤❤ display is also very good and the bettery is super duper excellent ❤❤❤❤❤ i love it....thank you flip cart❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
Very nicely delivered earlier from the date of delivery..Happy with your safe packagingNice product..I'm happy with this budget friendly price and with this awesome redmi 8.. 😊Thank you so much team flipkart.. ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 good phone camera performance good colours brilliant colour fingerprints good this is best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Best phone from mi in this price range. This is my first mi phone. Previously I have Motorola and Asus. In comparison to these I think it is a good mobile. I have used it for 5 days and posting this review.Positive pointsNo heating issues yetGood camera both front and backNice displayGood touch pad like MotorolaLight weightSound quality is goodNegative pointsBattery drains fast, around 24hrs with very light use. Asus is better in this regards.No earphonesUSB cable not compatible....READ MORE",4.0
nice mobile and best value for the money nice battery storage upto 5000mh battery and good processor but the camera is to bad and there is a fast charging capacityeven you can play freefire pubg cod and any type of games you can use 2-4g Jio Sims together in this mobile and you Can have a memory card alsoREAD MORE,5.0
In this price range you won't get better than this now. Mi is now a special brand. One thing more smartphones of mi are way more durable than you all think.I have been using this brand since 2014 and all the way from that time they are keep making worth products. If you want a budget smartphone with great storage capacity then this is for you. The only demerit of this device is it's processor but if you are not a gaming geek then you will not face a single issue. Every other feature is cool u...READ MORE,5.0
good mobile budget phone but only problm is in camara quality overall it's good I recommend to buybattery is wonderful 12 hours continues work is possible it's very good in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
really value of money super mobile I am purchased black awesome look fingerprint very fast nive mobile camera normal battery very long life totally 4.5 my rating & very very fast delivery thank you flipkart but not working back dual camera only working in single Camara one Camara wasteREAD MORE,3.0
I have gifted this phone to my mom.. The phone is good in this price range... Camera is average.. Battery is very good and long lasting...READ MORE,5.0
the camera is very best but the listening small speaker is not good suppose if you call any person the person he is listening your voice the voice is not coming clear but all are goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product and camera is so beautiful i am happy thank you flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Camera is not upto expectations...as redmi phones are popular for best camera quality....hope it improves with updation...screen resolution is good... battery lasts for 2 days in normal usage😌my mumma loves it...I gifted her on mother's day...❤️READ MORE,4.0
This was my second purchase of Redmi mobile..Same as shown in picture . ..very nice quality love this red colour superb display ...more than expected..READ MORE,5.0
I have fallen in loveThe build is just wow and the back reflective design is soo awesomeWay more better than realme C3 Support fast charging 18WThe performance at this price is unbeatableDieheart REDMI fan for lufe ???Thats to flipkart for steady and fast deliveryWorth every single penny you pay for itYou too will fall and in Love foshoREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is great but the camera is not good enough to get coolREAD MORE,5.0
"Mi Best phone low budget in this year 🌍 ,Camara quality top front🌹 and  looking nice. l 💓 Mi . Always Happy 🚫READ MORE",5.0
Battery is equal to 3000mah comparing other phone. It's become worst to worst day by day. Notification tone are misbehaving in silent it sounds. It takes almost 4 hrs to full charge even 2A charger are given with it. It's charger are also not capable to give fast charge. Mobile are heated after use of half an hour. Ram is 3 gb but also phone getting slow. Heating is to much that u can't talk on phone without headphones. I can't recommend any one to buy and also me never take the redmi phones.READ MORE,1.0
Battery is very good but charging time is too long because of 10w charger it supports fast charging in box their is no fast charger is giving. Camera is little disappointed..  Over all nice phone but igot in 9800rps so its more than early price.READ MORE,4.0
"Better for gaming.. . Coz I trust on Redmi. But Something are not good in this Phone.. . Camera is lagging more than Redmi 5A (my old smartphone) Screen Quality is not better than Redmi5A (as compare) (Not talking about Notch) Video performance is not good in this phone, Even Screen  is big. . .READ MORE",4.0
Redmi 8 Nice product and good sound quality and good camera quality and good battery backup because 5000 MAH battery and fast performance due to 4gb ram with 64 gb memory. seller is delivered that product on time . Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Wow the phone and its performance it's really good when it comes to its battery life where it will last at least for 5 days even after using the phone in high brightness and also the processor and the performance of the phone is really great and games like pubg doesn't lag and it's very smooth and the graphics are really great and the display is really an inspiring thing to look at in this segmentREAD MORE,5.0
verry nice performance and good working..I like this redmi 8 ...this price awesome redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Fairly good product. I mean 8000 rs is not a bad price. Coming to the specs of the phone this phone having 4gb of ram but this still show lags while operating this is becz of not a strong processor.. Please don't think of pubg on this. And camera is fairly good with portrait mode it takes decent pictures. Sound quality is quite good not too loud. Battery performance is quite good as MI is known for its battery. I would suggest to buy it for the person who needs a smartphone not a performance ...READ MORE,4.0
superb battery life. the face unlock and the fingerprint unlock works super fast. power packed with 4gb ram and 64gb rom with a launch price of 7999 is worth the money. The mobile looks very premium and the case cover has a Designed by Xiaomi Logo on the lower side. super fast delivery by Flipkart. Received in 16 hrs from order.READ MORE,5.0
"Best for online classes, value for money, but now there are more mobile phones in this rupees with more specifications like xiaomi poco m3. Bad camera. Good for just day to day activities, dont think about its game play. Battery good. For young users, skip this phone, suitable for old ages uses... THANK YOUREAD MORE",3.0
"It's a good mobile in budget, battery is super, i am into service industry and I get many calls a day and data usage, once I charge it it gives me minimum of 14 hours battery. Camera is good But if loaded with many apps, it starts to hang. It can't be used for gaming or any other high ended app usage purpose Overall I am satisfied with it . It's the best phone in this price. I got it for 4500 with exchange of my old mobile.READ MORE",5.0
The mobile is very bad I would never suggest to spend mo ey on this after using this mobile for almost 2 weeks i would say none should go for this ... Automatically mobile gets heat... While speaking in call voice gets breaks on continuously and also charging is very bad very soon battery gets dry and camera is almost ok to the mark but still overall performance is very bad... It was actually a gift for my sister but every thing got flopped iam very upset on this ... I would better say when u...READ MORE,1.0
"If overall performance is perfect in this price range.But your heavy user, you want a good game and even a camera, this product is not for you.But for those normal users who only use this video call a little internet, this is perfect for them.Battery-7/10, Camera-4/10, overall performance-7/10, build and design-6/10And one important thing is charger out box is not giving fast charger.READ MORE",4.0
"Fabulous mobile at this price level...According to the low budget mobile under 10000 redmi/Xiaomi gives better features more than the price value at this price now they had been launched redmi 9, redmi 9 prime they also have same features like redmi 8 but they are dull in gaming performance but the redmi 8 gives better experience on gaming like good quality of graphics and smoothnessREAD MORE",5.0
"Phone is best in this range. But when i bought it, it was priced 9k, and before a month it was 8k, and now this time it is hitting 10k. Are they taking advantage if a good phone?READ MORE",5.0
"I really don't recommend to buy this for the users like gaming, premium smartphone users.. Because this have higher radiation level, back panel is looks like plastic (i didnt drop my phone to test its toughness even some company like samsung make their budget phone made of glastic [plastic+glass mixture] u can see in M series phone). you can see 5000mAh battery, i say it is all fake... Its just last me for only 3 hr continues use...Points I think is relevent:- 1. If you dont have enough mon...READ MORE",4.0
All rounder phonePro:- 1. Camera is good2. Degein is awesome3. Pubg lite and free fire run smoothly high setting4. Battery backup 👍👍👍Con:-1. Average display2. Front camera average3. Pubg run smoothly but low settingREAD MORE,5.0
Bought this phone as a gift and it looks pretty good. It is hefty to hold and battery back up is amazing!Touch responses seems pretty okay compared to other high end devices but does the job.Processor is fast and good.Ui is also sleek and with less bloatware and many customisation options.Perfect for this budget. Camera is pretty off hence not recommended.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome👍 thinking not to buy china product. 🙃but still brought this. My previous one also redmi 5A.compared to that excellent phone in this price range crystal clear sound, battery pack up superb fast charging. Front camera satisfactory for my online yoga class. No heating problem after one hour use. Big screen display size good 👍. Will update this review after 5-6month . Thank you so much ❤flipkart for fast delivery. With pay later option. Thanks to ekart n flipkart 🥰😍READ MORE",5.0
I used this phone since month and I thought its right time to review..1.)Camera looks very dull (2/5)2.)Battery life is preety good(4.5/5)3.)Processor is good for normal users but not for gamers(4/5)4.)display is better in this budget (5/5)5.)Fingerprint point is not fast it takes little time to open(4/5)6.)Firstly phone is filled with many apps consumes most of the space in mobile phone..7.) I tried PUBG but my experience was not good(3.5/5)...If u are a gamer and want good came...READ MORE,5.0
Really awesome for mobile.. alludhu.. fast delivery. I like flipkart.. also refer my friends .. genuine product..READ MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 is very beautiful mobile nice camera  battery backup very powerful nice mobile 🤗🤗🤗🥰🥰😘READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobile Performance good Batter backup so good Camera quality this price range goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Redmi 8 is Best Budget Smart Phone it is  Superb Mobile.All Features are Excellent ,but Display is Better because it is not FULLHD Display, it is very useful for persons who use mobile other than pubg ,even though pubg lite plays well.PROS:5000mah BatteryFast charging4gb ram ,64 gb internal storageIr blaster5.0 gorilla glassFree casecamera better than realme c3CONS:DISPLAY IS SLIGHT DISAPPOINTING ( no problem for non hd viewers)No wifi callingAndroid 9Little bit touch problems...READ MORE",4.0
"Redmi 8 build quality is super very good design & the display super very good👌👌👌.Display is super 👌👌👌(giving 5 star) , camera is not so good (Average), battery (Average)READ MORE",4.0
Hi Very good smart phone.  Redmi 8. 4 gb ram 64 gb storage good batery back up.  Attractive price. Simple usageREAD MORE,5.0
"furking amazinggreat furking productruns as smooth as Kim Kardashian's Arscamera so good that It makes pictures of my sausage look bigger.great display helps me watch Pon in HD.I can flex in front of dem biches now with such a saxy phone.thank you redmi, you suns of biches did a really good job developing such a sweet puccy phone and at a furking affordable price.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice phone at this price segment.. need some software bugs to be fixed... Battery backup is not so good as per based on my knowledge., Though it's not so bad ... Camera quality is impressive.Sensors are working well also. It would be great to have a notification LED. I think Xiaomi should be sit more tightly if they wish to stay intact on there market of smart phones. This is INDIA, little things depend here.READ MORE",5.0
"Slim and steady in holding and operating.Good - Modern day LooksGood Camera,  Fast Processing,  No heating or lagging Super Deal and fast delivery by Flipkart!READ MORE",5.0
"Very good phone...nice display and long battery life ,, good camera, 4gb Ram, large storage... decent price... highly recommendREAD MORE",5.0
nice mobile  thanks  Flipkart  battery super nice camera is good quality redme 8READ MORE,5.0
"Best phone for this price range! The battery is long lasting and charges very fast.Great features such as Mi Remote, Wireless radio, Split screen, Reading mode, in-built screen recorder, etc. The performance is great! It can easily run Call of Duty on mid graphics smoothly (Probably supports high graphics as well but I've never tried it). The only thing which bothers me is the display quality and Camera quality. But again, this is a budget phone and I think for this price range, Redmi 8 i...READ MORE",5.0
value for money... battery life is awesome. best phone in this range  i gifted to my papa.fast delivery thank u flippiREAD MORE,5.0
good battery charger and good volume good display good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I m so happy by buying this mobile the mobile color is amazing and camera is too good also the battery quality literally nice thanks to flipcardREAD MORE,3.0
Mobile is Very nice looking and gorgeous. it fits in hand Very nice and griping is nice. But camera is not monstor. It is a simple camera. Selfie camera has beauty which makes selfie more Better.    But delivery boy is Very busy. He said i don't know your address if  you want to take your parcel then you have to come at another address which is about to 0.5KM.far away from my address. My address is Very popular so Anybody reach out at my address. I am waiting for half an hour at another addr...READ MORE,4.0
excellent battery backup... smooth and silky touch screen.... quick performance of the processor...stylish design...handy mobile. 18watts fast charger.doesn't do better by any other mobile for this low cost...7999rs..worth for every penny...READ MORE,5.0
excellent battery backup... smooth and silky touch screen.... quick performance of the processor...stylish design...handy mobile. 18watts fast charger.doesn't do better by any other mobile for this low cost...7999rs..worth for every penny...READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone low budget very Very nice and fast delivery excellent thanks flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
"superb phone for normal use ,.......not selfi and camera lover don't buy this over all good phone in 8kREAD MORE",3.0
"i bought this phone for my brother vishal  ..he felt very satisfying after getting this phone because of its awesome design , display quality and  good performance.we got it in 8k value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
WOW SO SMOOTH TO RUN THIS PHONE IS OSM AND I LOVE TO SHARE FEED BACK  IF ANY WANT TO BUY SO BUY IT AND DO NOT THINK AND BUY .READ MORE,5.0
"exclusive review about product and not about flipkart service.1. Display is Ok2. touch is very sensitive, is there any option to reduce sensitivity?3. Camera is not that much worth. Better than VGA camera4. internal memory 64GB is really good for my usage5. screen size is also really appreciable6. Processor is same of Redmi Note 4, which was launched 2.5 years back. 7. I'm not a gamer. so for general applications there is no much difference by using 4gb RAM.My verdict :No differen...READ MORE",4.0
good nice  i like this redmi brand  thank you flipkratREAD MORE,5.0
This is amazing one guys. I am honestly saying this is the value for money at this time in India. I have black one of this model and that is authentic and all colors are awesome and attractive. Main thing is battery and it's performance. C'mon guys go get itREAD MORE,5.0
Everything good phone is good but the red colour is different as I saw in the picture before Ordering the phone Performance is little bit slow because of their processor is old but most of the feature will remind you that it is not so bad. Delivery boy is good and come on time that's too good I hope that flipkart will always provide their good service as like that....READ MORE,4.0
Overall an ok phone. There are older versions like the R7 which had a much powerful processor 632 and graphics. The ram on Redmi 8 is DDR 3 whereas on earlier version Y3 and 7 they run on DDR4.So was expected to have at least the same if not a better processor.Camera is great with Gcam. Looks are pretty as well.READ MORE,3.0
best mobile ever @7999/-two days battery2.5 GB RAM FREE OUT OF 4 GBBIGGER DISPLAYGOOD VOLUMECAMERA QUALITY IS BEST SAME AS REDMI 7MUST BUY ITREAD MORE,5.0
"it's really awesome phone at 7999, updated new features, camera quality is superb and long time battery. phone speed is too fast and & model design is fabulous.READ MORE",5.0
Phone is absolutely beautiful and value for money. But I am giving it 3 stars for the late delivery. The delivery took almost 6 days and I'm very disappointed with it. Other than that you can go for the phone blindly. It is very good and best phone under 8000. I hope this review helps. Good luck.READ MORE,4.0
Thank You Redmi Team Good Product Value of money is very very very very very very very good I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
"It's Awesome camera, superb battery❤, All performance is best 👍💯 Love ❤😘u Redmi ❤READ MORE",5.0
"very good battery performance and stable in long time5000Mah battery in this and also support fast chargeAnd gorilla Glass Display ,so smooth of touch in displayCamera  Quality is best in captureunder 8kREAD MORE",5.0
"Pros: Battery - good, sufficient for 1day moderate use.          Charger- good, take almost 3.25 hrs for full recharge         Ram & Rom- Very good        Processor- Moderate, but for 4gb ram, it is smooth.        AI face unlock & fingerprint sensor - very sensitive        Sound- Loud        Internet- much faster. Cons:- Camera - Front camera bad, though it is 8 mp, but look like 1.3 mp or VGA, photo blurred, does not clear even in portrait mode, back camera moderate, not much good. ...READ MORE",3.0
Redmi 8 - Budget Killer Pro's:*Big Battery 5000mAh with 18W Fast Charging Support*4 GB RAM + 64 GB ROM (with dedicated SD card slot expandable upto 512 GB) *Dual Camera 12mp(SONY IMX 363(used in poco f1)+2mp(bokeh effect) *Fullview display with dot notch*IR Blaster*Wireless FM*Corning Gorilla Glass 5*Beautiful display (eventhough 720p it is decent enough)*Glossy Design (feels like premium only by look) *Fingerprint Sensor + AI Face Unlock*USB Type C CableCon's:*Snapdragon 439 - ...READ MORE,5.0
"The device is better for normal usage stats and will give all day battery, it's not a gamer phoner but very useful, greatly priced, best for normal usage like social apps and video playback and day to day work. Absolutely best phone for normal usage.Now a days I'm experiencing the screen flickering issue, where I need to turn off the device and on. Hoping it might get resolved in next update.READ MORE",5.0
"Display Quality is Very Very Bad, if u like 1080p Full HD videos don't buy this Phone, bcoz its not supported 1080p videos on YouTube and Camera Quality is average.. phone performance is average. its good for Senior Citizens..READ MORE",3.0
"Display Quality is Very Very Bad, if u like 1080p Full HD videos don't buy this Phone, bcoz its not supported 1080p videos on YouTube and Camera Quality is average.. phone performance is average. its good for Senior Citizens..READ MORE",3.0
awesome mobile and excellent performance and excellent  build quality and working also very nice money for valueREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome dill ..I got it on  7999  ... Rank base It's deserve 3Star bcz Battery performance it's not good .. otherwise its nice .. After using 9 to 10 days I review that the product ..READ MORE,3.0
"REDMI 8 is the best mobile at this point of time in 7999.I am amazed by battery life it's awesome. Camera could be even better , Mobile has been working good . If someone is gaming pro then look for higher but overall this product is excellent and value for the money.READ MORE",4.0
"I am Asus maxpro m1 user, after 1 week use my redmi onyx 8 & I am first time user of redmi, my friend told me redmi is good phone and please go for it, so purchase The redmi, 1) camera- average 2)display- good 3) performance- good 4) battery- I am not satisfied- bad, bacause compared to my Asus, redmi battery charge is drain too fastly, if you are like a good battery back up liker don't purchase with this mobile, otherwise good......READ MORE",3.0
"Finally a worthy Redmi mobile handset under 8k. Comes with BIG 6.22"" Display, Huge 5000mAh Battery, new-age Type-C charging port, support for 18W fast charging, Sony Camera at the back, Fingerprint Scanner, IR Sensor, Loud Speakers,4GB RAM, 64GB Internal Memory. All in all a superb package. Love the Green back. Cons: Missing the Notification LED, RAM is DDR3 and not DDR4. Infinix Hot 8 has 4GB DDR4 under 7k. Gyro Sensor Missing. Pouch as well as Back is Fingerprint magnet, gets easily smudg...READ MORE",5.0
"camera is rear, battery beast good come back redmi, this also supports Google Camera,redmi keep update severy month,I give review after used two days, highly recommend must buy thank u redmi thanks flipcart.READ MORE",5.0
All Good Battery & Camera One is the Best Type C port & Battery & Camera  which is good at this range Good For Student Because they Can Not Play Heavy Games on this SetOnly the Proccessor is outdated at this price Range Redmi 7  ka bhi processes hota to Blockbuster Phone HotaOtherwise For Light Uses It is Superb Blockbuster PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
""" Superb Display...Al preforms really well, Processor  Beast.Go for it without any second thoughts....""Good AI Dual  Camera 4GB RAM 64 GB ROM 5000mAh battery ohho!! I will highly recommend this phone . Flipkart Delivery so fast in 3 days Thanks Flipkart!!!READ MORE",5.0
In detailed for this product if u. say then 1. camera- good but not clear at this price good enough (+)2.battery- good (++)3.storage-64gb (++)at this price4.display- good(++)sharp with hd 5.performance-not really tested much with gaming and but feels ok(+)6.sound-ok(+)i feel when i played songs on YT the output was not much loud at max volume as it should be 7.design- Better(++)Nice Colours (Red is which i ordered was best) the design i feel the side curve or edgy surface with releates...READ MORE,4.0
"The gyroscope of my device is not working properly. Front Camera quality is like vga camera, I have requested for a return twice but it has been rejected every single time. And I am not getting any response now. I have 3 more mobile phones of mi which worked all great. But this device is not good at all.READ MORE",1.0
First of all let me mention that the device is best value for your buck.The design looks premium.Now let me mention about the pros and cons.Pros:--Massive 5000mah Battery-6.22 inch dot notch display-4gb+64gb of storage which makes it powerful in this price segment-Premium Aura Design-Wireless FM-Dedicated MicroSD slot.-UsB Type -C with support For fast Charging.-Dual Camera with flagship sony sensor.-Fingerprint Sensor with AI Face UnlockCons:--Processor SD 439 which is a downg...READ MORE,5.0
Pros:1) Good battery .....lasts for whole 1 day with rough use2) Stylish design... Shiny back panel is very attractive to be hold3) compact size.... 6.22 inch is very practical size to use in pocket Or to hold in hand4 ) Ram and storage.. Gives u multitasking experience smooth and to store enough amount of data and apps 5) camera is  ok +Cons:Processor is 439...but giga hertz is 2.0   ...hence overall it gives good processing while opening any apps and normal size games.. It i...READ MORE,4.0
I think this the best Mobile for low price.coz I specially recommend u to buy this phone For the reason of money problem. thank u so much FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
when you operate this phone it seems like it is not phone of xiaomi. it is first time I upset from this brand because its performance camera as well as display are not good like others xiaomi MI mobile. so don't buy itREAD MORE,1.0
Nice Product at this rangeSome of the Pros-1. Good Battery Backup2. 4/64 at this price3. Color is Stylish4. Dot Notch Display5. C type fast ChargingCons-1. Low Processor2. Camera Quality not so goodREAD MORE,4.0
so cute mobile nice colours very nic camera good thinks filpcard very fast serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"good in price range 8k thanks for flipkart for such a good mobile with 4gb ram and 64 gb storage excellent features face lock ,finger print along with snapdragon processor good thanks for redmiREAD MORE",5.0
Battery is equal to 3000mah comparing other phone. It's become worst to worst day by day. Notification tone are misbehaving in silent it sounds. It takes almost 4 hrs to full charge even 2A charger are given with it. It's charger are also not capable to give fast charge. Mobile are heated after use of half an hour. Ram is 3 gb but also phone getting slow. Heating is to much that u can't talk on phone without headphones. I can't recommend any one to buy and also me never take the redmi phones.READ MORE,1.0
good phone best quality value for moneycamera and battery best good phone but Flipkart only 2 minutes saleREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone under 10000/-. Camera quality is avarage. Battery capacityand storage capacity are the most attractive part of this phone. Overall it is a good handset for normal users.READ MORE,4.0
Best brand phone under 10000 rupees    It's camera side best looking      You have to purchase it without any doubt         Deliver is also good in covid 19 situation           Battery performance outstandingREAD MORE,5.0
Super camera. And product is so much good and perfect but if you send earphones also plz but the product is so much goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobile at this price range with Great battery back up. Camera is good but can better. Good value for money. Satisfied with performance uptill now.READ MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT MOBILE REDMI 8 MOBILE.. GOOD BATTERY PACKUP .. AND ALL ARE EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE .. I LOVE REDMI 8READ MORE,5.0
Not a metallic body in the back. So its not impressive as seen in pic. Handy phone. Camera is not perfect but satisfactory performance. Performance of mobile is good. Battery is good. Overall it's good one with realme increased its priceREAD MORE,4.0
"If you confused between infinix hot 8 and redmi 8 personally I suggests to buy infinix hot 8 because it has triple camera, and 1000 different between price. redmi 8 lags much because of poor sd 439 processor.. display is also dull it has only 269 ppi. battery is satisfactory.  it's not value for money . camera is like vga. no properly capturing images. front camera is average. only it's battery is awesome. I'm also confused between infinix hot 8 and redmi 8 and I buy redmi because of mi TRUST...READ MORE",3.0
Very nice battery very nice camera mobile very nice superREAD MORE,5.0
"nice camera, nice display, nice performance, everything is good in for this price, in short fully paisa vasool mobile, go for it...READ MORE",5.0
it is an excellent phone in this price range. face recognition and finger print sensor is class apart and also good camera. charged first time for 5 hrs and 30 hrs still going strong with moderate use. sound is also good. thank u Mi.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent phone at this price...Hats up Flipkart delivery team for before time delivery...After using for two days here is the review..Pro:-1.Rear camera is very good with Sony IMX sensor at this price range2.All necessary sensors are there including iR blaster3.5000mah battery will last upto full days with heavy uses...for moderate it will go upto 1.5 to 2 days ..4.Finger print scanner at back is good..5.18 w fast charging support though they have given 10w charger in box...6.4gb R...READ MORE,5.0
Today I unboxing 🔴Redmi 8 Wao it's not❌ bad😧 it's price range overalls Awesome .camera quality as nice as value for money. Battery backup also superb 😍READ MORE,5.0
This phn gives amazing performence on this price My main reason to by this product is battery performance is up to wordsBut in camera side i am not satisfied But all in all this is a comfort phoneOn problem that i want to report that sometimes this gallery will stuck for sometimes other wise i am satisfied to use this phnREAD MORE,5.0
"HELLO, ITS TOO GOOD MOBILE ,LOOKS TOO GOOD AND DISPLAY IS GREAT FOR THIS PRICE. CAMERA MAY NOT TOO GOOD, BUT CONSIDERING THIS PRICE REDMI DOING WELL CHEAP MOBILE IN GOOD PRICE. BATTERY PERFORMANCE MAY BE SAY AFTER SOME DAY USE.READ MORE",4.0
Mi mobile is best this nic product and speed is super battery backup super wonderful product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
lovely smart phone I gifted this to my gf and she is much satisfied from the phone ..READ MORE,1.0
Good phone good camera good memory good battery good prosessor good designREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi8 review1. single band wifi 2.5ghz 2.  camera is Ok 3. display is also ok because of hd display4. Battery is quite good and fast charger 18w5. Phone is heavy if you compare with other phones6. Dedicated sim and memory card7. Type c port8. Wireless display is not works may be because of softwareREAD MORE,3.0
Good work and smoothly run when I play pubg  good working Bt flipkart delevery very show taking longer time to deliverREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi is a good brand & this model is overall good product.. A big battery and display is good quality....READ MORE,4.0
The Product is good but getting lots of  apps that has already been banned and that is the thing that I don't like in this phone but overall the phone is good in its specs in this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
Nic product and good quality phone with good prize i have ever seen run smoothly and the quality of camera seems good all over phone is very good thank you so much Flipkart but the dilivery man is little bit kahdoos🤣🤣READ MORE,5.0
"I bought this product for my wife. She has been using since last week and I found performance is good. Battery life is good. It has 5000mAh battery and in one full charge it is giving about 1 and 1/2 days of usage, though my wife is not using this heavily. Mostly the phone used for study work of our children, watching YouTube and Facebook. Till now I have found performance is satisfactory. It is overall a good product.READ MORE",4.0
Nice color nice to use. Clear screen and clear audio price also so comfortableREAD MORE,5.0
nice to have this....The picture quality is nice and it works very smoothREAD MORE,5.0
Super cellphone. Smooth working. I am happy to get this phone in good budget. Thanks Flip kart.READ MORE,5.0
"A very good smart mobile at a low price Battery service is very nice The camera can't be called too bad ,All in all awesome mobileREAD MORE",4.0
I will give five Star to delivery service..this is the first product where I got it within 48 hours .. super fast delivery till now... thank you flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Camera as good as a 12 MP lens..Battery & charging is good.We get type C port.. thats also good.But where is the performance.. i got this phone for 9799/-.. the other phone in price segment providing more powerful chipset like SD 660 or P60. Etc. . In this phone we get SD 439.. Phone has a heating issue in normal usage.Screen is not bad. But not also very good.READ MORE,4.0
"GO FOR IT IF YOU WANT ASTHETIC + PERFORMANCE + COST EFFICIENCY +HUGE BATTERY +TYPE C+ MULTITASKING + IR BLASTER + MINIMUM GAMING Well optimised MIUI OS (known for it's great inbuilt features and beautiful interface) and good performance under daily use, Games like COC, Clash of clans, runs like butter without any major heating issue.Battery is quite big and last about 1.5 days under regular use and 6-7 hrs for continuous gaming .Built quality is also very beautiful (simple but unique)...READ MORE",5.0
Yeah good product I'll prefer in this price range!I have buyed for 9500!.Comparing to other mobiles in this price range this is quiet good!..exapmple realme c3 it doesn't have fingerprint sensor...but redmi I had fingerprint!...and others stuffs tooo.So if u want to buy this product pls go through it and search a lot...to know better!...and compare with other products !.And disadvantage is Indian banned apps are in built app in redmi 8 (zili).And thank you team Flipkart!READ MORE,4.0
The phone with comfortable cost and better features excellent camera good battery And display phone condition is too goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile with good performance. Thanks Flipkart for fast delivery worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
This Mobile is valuable for money. But the performance is not that good. Camera is not good and good thing about this mobile is battery life. If you want the mobile as for normal usage go for it. Otherwise not recommend.READ MORE,4.0
"Good mobile for those who have less use or just require some apps n dont play games at all, overall good mobile with good specs. Thanks Mi & flipkart for safe delivery 😃READ MORE",5.0
Very nice mobile.. valuable for money Nice attractive style Safe and fast deliveryDeliver man good character.READ MORE,5.0
"All is wellBut, there should front flash and notification light which are available in mobiles having low price than this like infinix hot 8.Weight is aREAD MORE",3.0
"camera is just ok screen display is average.battery is good as its 5000 mah however charging time is quite longtouch is also okSo overall in this price range this good to buy...but better put more money approx 1000-2000 and buy better option like oppo,vivo and motorola etcREAD MORE",4.0
Very nice products I am a happy super fabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Although it's a good phone... Very nice under this money...with a very good performance...The battery is massive .no other problems...but I think the camera should improve atleast for some standard performance.... overall it's a good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome mobile phone in this price range....Aura design is looking so magnificent.. ... Battery has superb backup...Charging time is lengthy ,but it's ok... Display and camera is good ...Ram management and User interface is awesome..No lags at all...But in the case of GPU and processor  xiaomi should have done better...Overall it's a budget friendly mobile phone under 10k... I'm totally impressed with this mobile....READ MORE",4.0
Since I am not a gaming freak. This phone is perfect for me. All my purposes from a smartphone is completely satisfied by redmi 8. Reviews showed it's processor is too old but it's enough for me. I strongly recommend this phone to those who not playing high end games.READ MORE,5.0
Camera is the worst part of this phone if u want to click decent and good pic I would not recommend this phone and battery wise the brand mentioned 5000 mah but it's not up to the mark and drains battery fast. And coming to the performance it just OK   and it is also not suitable for heavy games like pubg this phone is better for old people and kids but not for the people who frequently uses the phoneREAD MORE,2.0
"Nice phone . At last  I  got  it . The price of the phone is perfect , good camera quality , battery back up is good  also.READ MORE",5.0
Fast boosting and good performance. But some times hiting the the mobile. But it's very good and value for money. So i like it......READ MORE,5.0
Really the name speaks itself redmi 8 is really great phone with powerful battery and it's worth money in 8000 you can't get any better mobile them that than this one really a good one Thumbs up for redmi 8READ MORE,4.0
Such a wonderful product I like it so much thank for good and wonderful deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
It is very good product it battery is also very powerful if you will charge it only upto  94% then it can work for 2 to 3 days it's quality is also very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this Ruby red Mobile it a very good mobile. User friendly n m loving it!READ MORE,5.0
"PERFECT PRODUCT, GOOD PRICE OF MOBILE.WITH VERY GREAT AND BEST FEATURES AVAILABLE IN IT FROM CAMERA TO ,RAM TO SPACE.READ MORE",5.0
Value for money is what makes this phone to buy. While I was searching for a budget phone for my parents I Came across this phone and after doing some research I was convinced to buy this phone and was happy with the look and feel of phone in hand. Everything works just fine and is performing good so far although display quality could have been better and software needs to be simplified as way too many apps were pre loaded.READ MORE,5.0
First all thank you flipkart for fast deliveryPhone is good in this range but need to improve camera and processorREAD MORE,4.0
"After using 6 months here is full review with proa and cons ! Bought it at 7999! For 9500 it is never value for money and there is much better option like Moto g8 lite. I also use Redmi 5A so I will sometimes compare these twoPros:1) Battery, no words on this. This 5000mah performs better than expected.2) Design - yeah the phone is stylish, mainly the red one that I bought.I don't have any other options to praiseCons:1) Display: Though It has Hd+ display but it is worse than even my Re...READ MORE",3.0
"Good phone in 10k who are using only phone, but it is not suitable for game lover. Camera is ok & battery back up is not good for game lover & who are using net surfing on regular basis.READ MORE",4.0
"Nice phone, great battery backup, overall best buy in this price range. Fully satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
Nice phone good battery ? good display ? good camera problem only one hot mobileREAD MORE,5.0
First of all i thank flipkart to delivered my phone within two daysI suggeste this one for an ordinary usageValue of money superb Battery capacity is awesome Camara is good I read some bad reviews about it's display I don't agree with that display is also goodREAD MORE,4.0
"battery dosnt feels like 5000 its like 4500....... back camera is just good daylight shots are marvellous night shot is bad even bad in comparison to redmi note 4 ....... front is amazing .,.... performance made for day to day simple tasks not recommended for gaming but still gfx tool can help a lot body......... design is amazing (best thing i like ) .  absolutely perfect for this price segment..READ MORE",5.0
"I am buying this phone for my mom and she is very happy from this buying because phone has a nice look, perfect camera, nice battery  backup and many other many other functionsREAD MORE",4.0
"Nice product. I am less used to gaming and excess usage of mobiles, but I would say that this much space of 64GB and 4GB RAM is more than sufficient for light work like using YouTube, whatsapp and for calls.READ MORE",5.0
"Proccesor is littlebit slow (who wan't want to play pubg with other apps) but as per price, it is awesom. This is a good choice for Mom or Dad. who need 1- Battery 2- More space3 - Ok-Ok Camera, (they don't need Beauty camera) as per price greatREAD MORE",4.0
"It's a product that one can buy and can be satisfied ... It's a good phone overall , the battery backup is really very good ..One can go for this product ..READ MORE",4.0
"Good Camera Quality, Good Looks & Glossy finish at back panel, excellent battery life (5000MAH), fast charging not upto the mark but still I'm k with it under the price range of 9K, though there was delay in the delivery due to lockdown but still I will appreciate Flipkart's effort.READ MORE",4.0
It's is awesome good performance and valuable for moneyAnd more reliable I used just 1 year it's good battery is also good camera just fine for that priceREAD MORE,4.0
Wow...it's amazing heart touching smartphone really love it... otherwise it's smooth properly perfect buy now..READ MORE,5.0
"If you wish to buy a budget phone just for general use and you want to spend under 10000 this can be a good choice. Rear camera are decent, captures good portrait photos, front camera is also good for an average phone. Battery is a massive one ie 5000mah,  so it can last a day with moderate usage. I've played pubg on it a few times, it gives as Better performance as Redmi note 5 pro (if you know about that  phone). So as far as gaming is concerned it gives good experience but as you can expec...READ MORE",4.0
very nice battery and very nice to camera and battery life is better and value for maney and gaming devise to very betterREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice look, good battery life with fast charging. Bad camera .All the rating below was given by considering price of the mobile.Design - 9/10Software - 7/10Display - 7/10Battery and charging - 9/10 (I would have given 10 here if they have included fast charger in the box)Camera - 3/10 worsePerformance - 7/10READ MORE",4.0
Very good mobile. Bought for my girl. Dual cam. Good image capture. Battery back up is awesome 👍READ MORE,4.0
This phone have a good battery .Nice performance also .looks good .price range for this phone is best .READ MORE,3.0
Great Battery Life and Build Quality. Thank You Xiaomi And Flipkart for Redmi 8. Please Buy This ohone immediately if you want a great phone in affordable price range.READ MORE,5.0
"Writting this review Using after 6 month's, The best phone I've evr bought, great performance no lags, no battery issue's, no screen issue's it surprises me sometimes by looking like Amoled display but it is FHD, you'll definitely feel Amoled feeling.Performance wise it's really crazy with this 8K price range may be with the help of 4/64 model.Overall review is awesome product just go with it don't hesitate , must buy.READ MORE",5.0
Nice product and battery life is so good I like it but only camera quality little poor best mobile for low priceREAD MORE,5.0
I would have given 5 stars but due to the over priced i had to give 4 stars. Bought it for 9499 but it should have been priced under 8000-8500 range not more than that according to the features and specifications the phone provides comparing with the other mobile brands in the market in this price segment like realme c3 and all.Over all its a value for money mobile (according to price 8000-8500) with corning gorilla glass 5 but the battery seems to be 4000 mah not 5000 mah.The phone gets ...READ MORE,4.0
I Love flipkart Service Amazing ProductI Like It ❤Very Good service👍 great Work 👍READ MORE,5.0
Nice Phone... But i am sad because Logo of MI Represent Chainies Company Promotion. I am purely dedicated for India thats why I am purchase Made in India Product but i don't know it is support for India or not. Purchase only Made In India Product. Byecott China...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productBattery is superbBut not ideal for gaming Camera is ok with the price range..as i got it for 7999/-Overall the device is working fine The device is worth it.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent delivery boy and all team members and good product and fast delivery so nice and thnks sirREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ph & looking is very good . this is so much better than others middle range phone 👍READ MORE,5.0
"Value for money..it's Battery Backup minimum 24 hrs, but it's connectivity is not good & touch pad is also not good it's average...so Please improve in Touch pad & connectivityREAD MORE",3.0
A good mobile in budget...camera quality not so good but battery backup is quit good and display is excellentREAD MORE,4.0
I'm loving it good quality fast delivery just in 2days and nice phone in this range go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Good working good performance good battery life everything is fine prices of money 👌READ MORE,4.0
if You Looking A Budget Phone @Good Price Then You Can Buy This Phone Also Not Recommended For Heavy Gaming Like Pubg ( If You Need Good Gaming Phone @This Price Range Then Go For Realme C3)READ MORE,5.0
Well To be Honest MI should provide More Features at this price as realme Is competitive Hard . Any way Good Value for money propositionREAD MORE,3.0
I think this is best budget phone under 8000 if u compromise for processor.ProsBattery- more than 1 day for normal user               8-14 hrs for heavy userCamera- Excellent during morning & avg during nightHeavy games(Pubg)- Super even with low processor smoothDisplay- goodCons-Low end processor but that doesn't affect much .phone performance is very good-Some what heavy-Camera is avg during night but if we have proper lighting camera is good even at night- Not for heavy Pubg u...READ MORE,5.0
Very good product. Camera is awesome. Value for money. Will recommend to buy this if you are looking for a good phone in low budget.READ MORE,5.0
Nice good and fast delivery in Lucknow better service nice and clean product happyREAD MORE,5.0
Super product from xamoi you can paly free fire more than 3hours with any hang it is best for free fireREAD MORE,5.0
Its like if ur mom wants a new device its best for them... Moderate use facebook watsapp and little bit pubg and all device is cool its takes time to charge but the backup which you get in exchange is excellent it can easily run pubg at smooth extreme for 7 hrREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks Filpkart for this Excellent phone. I gifted this mobile to my friend at his 18th birthday and I can't explain how she happy to receive this phone and she is really very happy with this phone and his performance.READ MORE,4.0
amajing  product  go  to buy   best mobile and best delevery thank u flipcart..i was 2 mobile  buy redmi8 on flipcart love that 😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
"Very good product. Got it at an extremely reasonable price along with the exchange of my old Samsung phone. I am happy with the overall performance. This mobile is most suitable for people who doesn't play heavy graphics mobile games. But even if someone uses it for long duration mobile activities, this mobile doesn't heat up much or display hanging problems.READ MORE",5.0
I can some good pics in review.bt my back camera is not good as shown here.phone is nice overallREAD MORE,4.0
"According to me , Camera is too bad and display quality is average , decent battery life (one and half day for normal usage), processor is not good for today's market but in this budget the processor is considerable. Overall performance is not so bad , I think this mobile has made for them who uses mobile for normally and this is not for gamers . Design is so attractive , polycarbonate glossy back finish , it's look awesome 😍.READ MORE",3.0
"It is good in service and affordable price product for middle class people who can enjoy all features like camera, battery back up, volte service with dual nano sim slots along with additional slot for memory card. Happy in usage. Thanks Flip Kart.READ MORE",5.0
Poco x2 is a very good mobail i love this mobail and 120 hz is the very good finaly i was see the fist of the mobail low bujet prize very amzing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Hlo... redmi users.... BASICALLY THIS IS BEST PHONE CO It comes with fingerprint, type c port, fast charge, and massive Battery.U can go for it.Notch display is good.Overall goodREAD MORE",5.0
"My Opinion nd Experience After 2week UseHowever I shall review after one week use.1.Display Not So much Good(You are not able to see clearly in Sunlight after 100prcnt brightness) 2. processor Speed is not Much Good As expected3. Face unlock works little slow4 Fingerprint take some Tym to get Unlock, Not Good working 5. Charging Not So fast As it should be(From its Charger and Usb that come with it) 6.You can Easily Scratch Phone Color as the Color Good Things-You get 64 GB memory...READ MORE",1.0
"Its ok at this price, but if u can spend just some more u can get better performer mobiles.The camera is ok at lighting condition but in low light its not good.Also doesnt take correct pics at slight shaky.Front camera is awkward,But again at this price point i think its ok comparing other features.Its ok for aged persons.READ MORE",3.0
Review after 6 month useIts better to say money worthy4gb ram + 64 internal is great . By this they do some compramise in processor display and camera. *Camera is decent .*Lil bit dis satisfaction with display resolution.*Processor is decent (i dont usually play games . So cant say about it that much.)Overall am Verymuch Satisfied. ⚡READ MORE,5.0
"The phone is outstanding at its price but not suitable for heavy apps. Sometimes, it hangs. Better is to buy some other one of 10-11 thousand rupees.READ MORE",4.0
Redmi 8 is very awesome mobile phone for me and really best function of this phone very affordable at 8000 only I am very happy by ordering this product from Flipkart to provide fast and quick delivery service to me all features of this mobile server your some best camera and good 4g handset.READ MORE,5.0
Phone is good ..It's been 4months I m using it But now I m facing some problems like hanging and it's taking too long period of time for charging ...It's charging speed has slown down...I have to switch off my phone to increase the charging speed whenever I have to charge my phone ...Not so good performance at this price Disappointing for mi lover'sREAD MORE,3.0
The Product is Bulky. Also my feeling is that the infinix hot 8 is slightly better at a lesser price and looks are also good for that phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"delivery is fast and good, behaviour of delivery boy is nice and product is superb I m happy with Flipkart thank you Flipkart 😍😍READ MORE",3.0
"I have been using Infinix hot 8 for past 4 months. Redmi 8 was a gift for my dad, as I couldn't get hot 8 on sale.After couple of weeks experience, I suggest you to go for Infinix hot 8 unless u r a MI fan.Design, Performance, Battery, camera, features and price are below par compared to hot 8.READ MORE",3.0
I think it's very good choice having very good battery backup and also great picture from camera I love this mobile great feature in affordable price really like the performance according to it's priceREAD MORE,5.0
Brilliant redmi 8 quietly impress me superb fast I just luv it 😘😘READ MORE,5.0
"Value for money. At this cost I don't think we get better mobile than Redmi 8. Good software, camera and Battery Life also well and Good..READ MORE",5.0
Very nice product picture clarity is too good delivery is good thank u flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
All departments good as per rate .. best part is fonts which not available in realme ..READ MORE,5.0
Good but Camera Is not as good as I m expecting but at this price I think it's a good buyREAD MORE,3.0
"Earlier everything was fine and smooth. During summer, it's battery drains very fast and phone heats up. Now after 6-7 months, sometimes it hangs a bit.READ MORE",3.0
Redmi 8 is definitely a good value for money phone A good performer at a price of 8000 is win win situation. Battery last for almost 2 days. Camera performance is excellent at this price Video and audio phone calling is excellent. Recommend to buy for those customerwho use phone basically for calling and  whatsApp Or facebook. All movie and live tv apps are streaming well without high data consumption so go and grab the phone with big screen and good battery support with a amazing cam...READ MORE,5.0
I like the service of Flipkart very fastest delivery without charging extra shipping charges.....The mobile is also so good for normal usage....games run very smooth and ram is much better than the price of mobile....READ MORE,5.0
Better future & phones best camera best colour phone I like it phone..Raaz Qureshi..Form Utruala..BalarampurREAD MORE,5.0
"it to used to good gadget for customer, because it's easy to use and main thing can say to you, gujarati language better performance give me , and bettery backup good in Mobile Phone.READ MORE",4.0
Good looking phone in a very descent price camera display battery everything is a good in this price point and best part of this phone support type c is that too good.. No any brands is provide type c in this price..READ MORE,5.0
it's a very good phone in 8k budget.battery performance is very well than other phones.screen is very comfortably large to watch online series.it's never gets hang although i have install more than 25 apps from playstore.overall it's good.it is very worthy product in 8kthanks to redmi and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good phone by Redmi again but to be honest battery is not that good as stated 5000am, I don't know for what techinical reasons, they should have addressed it....READ MORE",5.0
Nice qualityGood place and nice song and good battery from Dhananjay Patil Kolhapur thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Yes it was nice product.I loved it.I liked the frist thing is battery life 5000 MAH battery The screen was dumdar. As Xiaomi is India's No.1 smart phone brand. It was the all rounder phone.I gifted it to my son. And he too loved it.thankyou Xiaomi and thankyou flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
This product is worth for money and charging is to delay and late charge and performance is good and also 8000 it's worth for this product i really like this product every one buy thisREAD MORE,4.0
I will buy this phone exchange of redmi 6 and i like exchange prosses soo... Much and I like delivery boy nature very kind person this phone battery backup is awesome I love the this phone and I love Flipkart for this productREAD MORE,4.0
This Redmi products is very good i like it very very nice awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Auto brightness senser not properly working. Better looking Redmi 8 mobile,better packing, better average mobile battery, better mobile performances, better value for money, good display, better camera.                     Thank you! for flipkart team.READ MORE",4.0
Lots of people says online is hard to trust here we go get involved with flipkart it's the best ever.... Loved it... I can trust u blindlyy...READ MORE,5.0
One of the best phones in this range segment. It's for those people who do not require very high gaming or value phones but simultaneously want a good RAM and quick speed. Bought for 7.2k in Flipkart big billion offer and it was the best price.READ MORE,5.0
All right this is the best phone Cheap Affordable Best Quality I 😍 it's CameraIt's battery backup is awesome and it's last long for a day....READ MORE,4.0
It's a low range high quality advanced smart phone. There is not a single smart phone available in market at this price with this type of best specifications.READ MORE,5.0
I got a very interesting and amazing battery backup.This phone is the best in a low budget I would also prefer it to others to buy .READ MORE,5.0
Very good product. Superb battery and nice smartphone in affordable price.READ MORE,4.0
It's a very good product . It's battery backup is very good . Very good mobile and it's very good value for money 👍🏻👍🏻READ MORE,5.0
All things is goood in this mobile. I really happy to buy this mobile and i suggest u to buy this mobile. Really good yr..........READ MORE,5.0
Very Nice phone in this Price Range . Good Battery Capacity and Internal Storage is the highlight of this one . Really loved this phone . Camera also have good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"The Phone is Excellent in this Price Range. Have bought it for my Mother and she seems to like it. Earlier she was only used to keypad phones. Since she has started using the Redmi 8 - she’s become Tech Savvy.The Age is just a Number for her. Now she makes Video Calls and WhatsApp her Brothers and Cousins.Joining the New Age Technological League - She is 65+ and for her accepting a Change - I must say - she is Adaptable.Coming back to Redmi 8 - it is High on Performance, Camera is Good an...READ MORE",5.0
"A good option for budget gaming and day-to-day phone. The battery is good. Display quality is also good. The camera has a warm tone to photos (If you use GCam then this will be corrected.) Overall, a very nice phone.READ MORE",5.0
"Not bad,at this price it is good for its long life battery,type c fast charging supports,fingerprint,4gb ram,snapdragon 439 processor, good inhand felling,Display and camera not too good but not so bad also,specially at this price it's OK..This is one of the best budget phone at this price segment...READ MORE",4.0
It is a very nice and fantastic product I love this product I will suggest all of you to buy this very nice product and I have buyed green colour in this product I love this productREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile is doing great work in low price. I am very happy ..READ MORE,5.0
performance is good at this price segment camera is pretty good battery efficiency is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Super Battery , very good camera, very good display Veri good sound, fantastic performance, last but least value for money in 8000 under, my name is Pranay Moses super phone you will be purchaseREAD MORE",5.0
I am using my 1st Redmi mobile since 1 month. I am satisfied with the mobile. It is good value for money mobile considering its price and specification provided by it. Only one draw back is its camera . Camera should have been more powerful for capturing good images specially from a distance. Although coser pictures are good and vibrant. Overall a good choice for day to day use.READ MORE,3.0
Very good smart phone but not good display. Anyway... Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile in this range.must buy if you want good battery life and good audio. It's camera is also is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent packaging and exceptional on-time delivery from Flipkart.  Received the product in very good condition .The set is simply great in this price range. Good performance. Camera seemed average. Overall very good.READ MORE,5.0
very nice and attractive phone. All the features are latest. phone runs smoothly and best in its value segment. However in tray 1 internet speed is very low.READ MORE,5.0
Waw super And amazing Phone I'm so Happy thank You FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I gifted to my mum she was really happy using this phone very good and battery backup is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought 3 mobile at this price range(redmi,realme,infinix), this is the best one so far, good weighted mobile(solid), has all features, fast in everything, good sound quality,200% value for moneyColor was also awesome compared to competitorsREAD MORE",5.0
Phone is good with big battery but I bought this phone only because it was mentioned it supports fast charging which it actually doesn't. It took 3.5 hours to charge from 0 to 100% which is ridiculous. Rest all is fine.READ MORE,3.0
"Battery, display and camera all are reaily good i used redmi 3s redmi 4 and redmi 6pro but Redmi 8 is awesome. When i first time charged the battery its slow charged but after software update its work very well and battery work 3 to 4 days so i gave him 4.5 out of 5. Love you Redmi 8.READ MORE",5.0
Very good photo and has really good features..looks and colour is simply awesome. Best phone for such price worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
"I am very happy that , I had get my mobile . Which , actually ,I ordered. I am thankful to Flipkart for fast delivery. I'm totally satisfied for their service..READ MORE",5.0
"The Software is not Very Good, Whatever good the phone is, the operation has to be user friendly, the phone is not user friendly at all. The camera has pixels in a bit dark mode Battery is good as the operation is very less, as I this not user friendly. Display is a bit better then Ok.READ MORE",2.0
"I use several well brands phone. But,  not good expirence. I buy first time mi mobile and awesome performance.i like it.READ MORE",5.0
Bought for My mom. She loved very much. Highlight point in this mobile is  stylish look and battery performance.. Recommended for normal users.. Not for gamers...READ MORE,5.0
best mobile under 8kback camera super but front one was poor but both front and back camera is excellent with Google camera display is good And audio quality is loud and clearREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone looking good and battery backup awesome and one handed phone and fast chargingREAD MORE,5.0
Really good phone. Very affordable and great quality at such a low price. Very satisfied 😊READ MORE,5.0
"Reasonable good phone at this price. Xiaomi needs to stop those ads popping up in their apps, like in the file manager, themes etc. Camera is good, no slow motion video, tons of other features.Battery is definitely a plus point but the charger is not. This phone has USB type C and supports 18 W fast charging but they supply a normal 10 W charger with it. That's a cheap way of reducing costs. Most 18 watt chargers out there do not come with type C cables so you either use the cable provided ...READ MORE",5.0
Gifted this phone to my dad. He doesn't want a phone  with high end processor but a phone with ample ram and storage(for Whatsapp). But still they could have atleast put sd 450 on it. Design is gorgeous and Camera is what you can expect from a budget phone. Its on the bulkier side. Display is good and i have no complains about it.READ MORE,5.0
"From last 5 years my younger brother was using MI  and i bought REDMI 8  for his birthday gift. When i gave gift packet to him he was thinking that my bro bought watch/pen/or something else but he didn't expected REDMI 8 . When he opened, i found tear in his eye and he hug me.this all possible only because of flipkart sale coz we r from middle class family and can't afford this mobile in it's actual price so flipkart makes us happy.Thanks you flipkart 😍READ MORE",5.0
"Good mobile. Not suitable for heavy gamers, who loves photography. Smooth running without heating till now 1month.amazing battery. You can't get this type featured other mobile at this price.READ MORE",5.0
I love this phone a lots its like paisa Wasul mobile Redmi had made people to buy this phn at this cheapest price thank u to the redmi team from all of usREAD MORE,5.0
If you go with this budget it's super but after using 7-8 day's I have noticed that the processor is little bit disappointed to me after few months it's maybe causing the lot's of problems overall everything is good as well as battery backup is too good but the charger which is came with this phone that's not a fast charger it's taking 3-4 hrs to get the full charging.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome mobile at this cost, it's look is good, good quality of 📷, good battery back up up to two days.READ MORE",5.0
Nice phone and all functions are perfect working. Battery life is good for 2 days. Over all wow this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is good Is a varry good products Wark is a varry fast mobile4 GB RAM 32 GB ROMREAD MORE,5.0
"Gifted this phone to my mom, Good to see such great phone with good camera and internal storage for mom usage.READ MORE",5.0
Phone is good mi is the best company i have gifted to my mom this phone is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile i like it too much. Its battery backup is so amazing. And so on about this mobile . I like ..READ MORE,5.0
Happy n best mobile at this range ...n very happy with the kind and good nature of delivery man from e-kartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent and good budget mobile I have ever seen right now...Nice battery performance with superb display qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone user friendly worth to buy battery back up is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phn under 7999   Best camera and best battery backup    Best featuresREAD MORE,5.0
It is fine .... received a good one ...using it and it is absolutely fine till now...it has the best value for money returnREAD MORE,5.0
"Good designDisplay viewing angle is finePerfomance better ,but fix bugsCamera selfie result same as note 8 Back camera okGood battery backupAnd C type and 18w charger support best for long term useHand feel ok It is not back side glass finish no more big size screen but weight slightly more And good storageREAD MORE",5.0
Good powerful performer under 8K budget. I gave it as a gift to my father and he is really enjoying it as it has good capacity and perfect camera at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone. Recommended and value for money . 4 gb ram and 64 gb storage in 8000 rs and that also from a good brand MI. Just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
"What is good1. Good battery backup.2. Ok kinda camera and does the job in this price range.3. Classy look and added advantage is coming with back cover.4. Good performance.What can be improved 1. Display glass says gorilla type and hardened but it got cracked easily.2. Lot of advertisements (quite Common in Mi phones) had to tweak the notification settings.3. Chrome cast is not working, but can use to cast only YouTube videos. No other videos could cast.4. Performance of other like ...READ MORE",5.0
"Very good phone with great battery, decent performance and good camera. Best in this price range.READ MORE",5.0
Superb phone with affordable price. Also happy with fast delivery service.READ MORE,5.0
Very good very nice instrument best quality my is good product and beastREAD MORE,5.0
"good products, good delivery nice performance. thank to Xiaomi team an Flipcort.READ MORE",5.0
I'M REDMI LOVER 😍THIS PHONE BATTERY IS AWSOMEBUILD QUALITY GOODDISPLAY GOOD 5/3 RATINGBUT CAMERA COMPARE TO PRICE THAN GOOD OTHERWISE NOT BADALL OVER THIS PHONE UNDER BUDGET AND VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone price is on the affordable that can easily by all peoples battery backup is good all over Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
overall best phone under this range ! it doesn't have slo motion video but otherwise great better nd best phone value for money and afterall thanks to flipkart to deliver in 2 working days really Appreciable !thanks a lotREAD MORE,5.0
superb phone battery is more effectively 2days overall truly n nice awesome phone.READ MORE,5.0
"Really, a nice product or can be said as the best within Rs. 8000.. Liked the product.... You can go for it!READ MORE",5.0
Awesome some mobile in this price I gifted to my mom On her birthday She very happyREAD MORE,4.0
"Phone is good, camera quality is not a very good you can carry like a secondary phone. Camera is not up to mark, I don't know how to people capture image and post here, I am using last 2 days but I am not satisfy with camera quality.READ MORE",2.0
Fantastic and super of 2019-2020 ..The whole features of the phone is very excellent which can't be explain....I love this phone ....😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product value for money friends  . All functions smooth . Play games watch video listening music . The best part is no need of ear phone for FM radio. Really charge very fast . This review after one month of use . Thanks Flipkart for timely delivered .READ MORE,5.0
"7 months now... Fingerprint sensor not working, wifi always showing low bar however in other phones same wifi is showing full bars.. and 1 month ago the phone was completely dead was not working for a 1 week.. then after a week i tried it opened and since then fingerprint not working & wifi bars also weak...This is my last ever redmi phone buying.. no more buying shits...READ MORE",1.0
Best service.. Best price... Best mobile... Best performance.... Best dilevary... Best support...READ MORE,5.0
Good product cammera is good not very good but battery is too good long backup.....READ MORE,4.0
"This pphone is very beautiful nice performance in this value , camera quality is very  beautiful and i enjoy performance of this phoneREAD MORE",5.0
"I gifted this for my mother she loved it also i, Good Camera Battery Back Up Decent Camera & Performance, Value for Money 👌READ MORE",5.0
This mobile is best for money value and doing average  work  because its processor is 439 and display is average better and battery very nice for long time.READ MORE,3.0
All are perfect performance and came quality should all be will good work and also money also perfect costREAD MORE,4.0
Really awesome mobile it is. For this 7999 INR price we never get such a good mobile like this in any brand. 300% worth it is to buy and use.READ MORE,5.0
"it's best👍💯 mobile under 8k. I am the great fan of Mi brand. I am writing this review after two days. Great battery backup, in full use it comes for me 24 hrs. Decent camera and display quality. I am happy with it. Good sound quality. overall it best👍💯 in this price. thanks to Mi and flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Ok Mobile...Price should be 1000 less than selling price as display is not full hd but hd+ also camera is nice not great...But battery is mind-blowing and memory 4+64 gb is great ...Overall nice product in 7999/-.. Good for lite mobile users or 1st timers or elder peoples or Housewifes..:-PREAD MORE,3.0
"Truly a beast, serves my purpose as I need bigger screen and battery back up is just awesome 5000mah works like a charm. Camera is Disappointing both rear & Front was expecting better and sharper quality. Over all one can buy it without giving a thought.READ MORE",4.0
nice one I like it every things are well and battery backup is so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile . Thank u Flipkart.i love this product. Value for money . Nice delivery . I will get within two days thank u Flipkart thank u do much .....READ MORE,5.0
"This MI smartphone at this price is incredible... The only con according to me what anybody would notice is the processor... so if you are looking for a strong gaming phone I would not recommend it.. Because it can give average to good performance in heavy games but not the best... so, if you are just looking for a quality smartphone with good performance .... just go for it blindly.READ MORE",5.0
Nice and beautiful phone.It's so attractive looking of rear and front side.But flashlight position is not attractive.It should be under the camera sensor and upon the fingerprint sensor.The shining of the phone is perfect.READ MORE,5.0
Camera is below average. For a xiomi phone I was expecting a better camera than this. Rest of the features are good but not better than the competitors Overall it's a good phone but there are better alternatives like e6sREAD MORE,3.0
Just say wow in this price range. I mean really it attract by its PU finish glossy colour. RAM management is awesome camera is not excellent but in average in this price range. I recommend go fir it.READ MORE,5.0
"Looks good.4/64 at 7999 was only phone available when i bought this. Pros :4 gb 64 .5000 mah type csupport fast chargeSapphire blue is attractiveprocessor is decent for daily usage.(Not for heavy gaming)Ergonomical,fits in hand.HD+ screen but bright and vivid.Cons: Camera should have been better. Hoping future updates will improve the camera performance.READ MORE",4.0
Nice and good looking phone. Features wise very good oneREAD MORE,5.0
quite a good option if you are looking for a battery phone.... good processor in this range .... display is ok.... camera performance  ok... can't expect much more in case of camera and display in this price range great display and camera setup design to show off ...quite impressive back panel finish which is made up of glass ...also... it's really good that they are providing a back cover within the box.... overall it's a good value for money device if your budget is up to 9000 rupees ...I a...READ MORE,5.0
"Best Phone From Mi Love it Performance Is Awesome , Battery back , Camera Mind-blowing Must Buy This Budget PhoneREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent very satisfied with the product. it s really good. service is also nice .  I'm very satisfied.and gonna continue my shopping on flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
It's product best as a cheep rate and Get high specifications 4gb ram and 64 GB storage its awesome and 5000 big battery available at this price it's awesome I used this product full of Experienced and realisable mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice mobile and one time first first time online order and time too fast and good felkart boy delivery to fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"As anyone can see , battery is the main attraction of this phone. I've managed 2 days without charging (95% to 12%) , with normal game play and songs. Better don't charge beneath 95% after first charging, this can improve battery life. Display is quite 'OK',Camera is 'Ok' , not too smooth though. RAM & processor ... I'm not a Pubg addict.. but I use to play Call of Duty and PES2020 . Both works very fine and latter works absolutely fine in this device. Fast Charging , exibits it's full potent...READ MORE",4.0
"nice phone lots off good varieties in it NC camera n good to handle ... thanks to flip cart for giving so quick service that I hv never expected , delivery was just given in 2 days. Thanks flipcart....READ MORE",4.0
handset was good and in working condition but charger was not working so i had to buy a new one this was not good at all. flipkart u should take care about that what u gonna deliver its working or not.and if v talk about performance so guys all over this phone is awesome under this budget.READ MORE,4.0
"Perfect phone in every aspect! Best Display, Camera, Ram, Excellent battery ! and great performance with perfect price! I love it!READ MORE",5.0
best mi mobile battery work long long long time i love this mobile mi like brand is XiaomiREAD MORE,5.0
nice looking nice battery performance good work nice priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phone awesome battery backup performance is good but camera quality is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
"the camera could have been better..its better in light conditions but not at all good in low light,..so improvement needs to be done..except everything is fine till now..battery is awesome...its a bit heavy..READ MORE",3.0
"its a very good phone under 10k i bought this for 8k for my mother the internal space is 64gb its good for use my mom is happy with this handy phone with great features , cammera quality is not very good but the performance is bestREAD MORE",5.0
"After about 2 months of usageI ll day it's a value for money.As I am not a hard hitter gamer I just would say its performance is smooth according to apps I use.Camera, battery ,look . ergonomic, speaker , voice call, screen everything is perfect.It is good purchase for those who are not very fond of gaming and selfies and just stick to contemporary use of mobile.READ MORE",4.0
"very good product by redmi, good camera, good battery backup, in this price range this is a super phone I recommend, all the required things are loaded camera, ram , battery, display.READ MORE",5.0
Service also nice and very fast and delivery man also goodOver all best product and best service by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Mi Redmi 8 is a feature rich smartphone with very good performance at this price.I like to use this phone very much.UI is the best.Speed is good.Phone is pre loaded with so many extra features & capabilities.I would definitely recommend this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Pros :- Device feels sleek and premium. Ruby Red color looks awesome. Display is ok at this price. Battery is excellent. Good voice call quality and network reception. My son mostly uses it with Jio sim and he is happy with the performance (especially playing basic games). Device got Miui 11 update. Snapdragon 439 processor works smoothly.Cons :- Initial setup was not completing due to some unknown reason. Tried everything but was getting stuck on blank screen. Had to take it to a Mi store ...READ MORE,5.0
Best phone in this range. The Best Battery backup. More storage space. Sometimes I feel phone hanging after end of calls. Weight I feel a bit high. Overall Best in class.READ MORE,5.0
"I am very satisfied with flipkart service and this phone is too good just a bit heavier and wide ,thoda mota h phn overall the phone is best in this range camera quality is above average. I bought it in onyx black colour it looks like metallic . I will recommend it to allREAD MORE",5.0
not bad... bt sometimes display laggs.. and doesn't support the skin touch... bt over all value for money .. beautiful mobile with .. great battery backup and screen size also remarkable... loved it..READ MORE,4.0
value for money. can say one if the best phone under 8k. getting awesome battery life and afcourse notbest but gud camera and performance wise its superb as redmi always leading in performance so no doubt about that. little heating while playing heavy games or watching too long online movies. after all its a combo.. go for it if ur budget is under 8k.READ MORE,4.0
"in my 1st day usage, iam using the word terrific to describe the phonehighly reccomonding redmi 8but if u are heavy gamer iam not suggesting redmi8but still it is amazing for daily use..social media ,ordinary gamingoverall satisfied with this productREAD MORE",4.0
Value for Money Camera is OkBattery is very good and the important part is that it supports fast charge 18wDisplay is good at this price rangePerformance is goodYou will not find any other brand with 4gb and 64gb with this price rangeIt supports dual Volte at same timeGlossy lookThose who are moderate user can go for thisREAD MORE,5.0
I gifted to my Mother nice phone for daily use nice battery and nice camera.READ MORE,5.0
"best phone in this price . love it . if you have low budget & you want buy a best phone , so without westing your time buy this phone .♥️♥️♥️👌👌👌🔥🔥🔥READ MORE",5.0
Amazing product Redmi 8 .many new features available in this phone. Thank you xiamoi . Thank you Flipkart for fast delivery. Thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Overall a best 📱 in this price. Battery back up is good but camera isn't of good quality.READ MORE,5.0
It's good smart phone and reasonable price I love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Front camera is avg. Performance is good. One bad thing I found it do support till 720p vdo resolution only. 1080p options does not even come for you tube videos though clarity wise you will not get any difference, its all pretty same in mobile. Battery and looks really good. Preloaded apps  an be uninstalled so no issues with apps. Few advanced features MI given in this range which is impressive. Overall budget phone.READ MORE",4.0
"phone's really worth it  at it's given price point. I don't really use it for gaming so I don't have to use my charger very much. I am having a great time, xiaomi is the only company I would recommend , especially if you are on a budget and looking for an excellent smart phone ! besides you also get type c fast charging support, only for just INR 8000. Best of luck Xiaomi ! and Flipkart afcourse I will never forget that you just delivered my phone within two days with  excellent packaging. It...READ MORE",5.0
This mobile is very good an excellent mobile an good camera and good net speedREAD MORE,5.0
"nice mobile with good looking and awesome features, super price.. l like it..READ MORE",5.0
very perfect phone loved it.... best phone ever camera quality is like damn goodREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you to Farra who was too polite and respectful while exchanging. Also very professional about the work cluture. Thank you Flipkart for hiring such educate workersREAD MORE,5.0
it's very good phone for people who needs good performance with decent camera. it looks like 15k to 20k phone and thanks to company which makes user happy:)READ MORE,5.0
in India one of the best app flip cart .......redmi 8 mobile super ..... value for money in 4gb ram internal 64 gb superREAD MORE,5.0
"Mobile is good but the camera is only 12 mp so compare to other picture sharpness is slightly less, but overall it is very good and i will recommend itREAD MORE",4.0
"Its awesome product in low cost, Thank you once again to service and product too. Product is good condition. I am really enjoying with all fantastic features.READ MORE",5.0
Simply best choice under 8k. one can't get a best spec phone & performance is awesome. My only suggestion for redmi is to bundle fast charger with the boxREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone at range it's awesome.. The look of phone is very good it feels like we have something..READ MORE,4.0
"very nice mobile and battery back up is very good , I am very happy with this shopping app , I have faith in flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
:phone is quite good specially in the battery performance.:display is really nice but the camera is not quite good as i thought.:if you are planning for the budget phone then this phone is very much worth it.READ MORE,4.0
"Its awesome product in low cost, Thank you once again to service and product too. Product is good condition. I am really enjoying with all fantastic features.READ MORE",5.0
phone is stylish and good but battery back up is not good enoughREAD MORE,3.0
just wanna say.. at this price range at present.. this is the best phone u can have....Highlighter is---1. 5000mah battery2. 4gb/64gb3. wireless FM4. 6.22 inch beautiful displayvalue for money....beautiful look n nice colour.. as I have bought green...u can buy this even ur eyes closed n u will not regret....READ MORE,5.0
Nice and so good .  worth for money we spend . very stylish nice lookREAD MORE,4.0
Received an very fresh piece... @ 8k it rocks shines in every aspect.. The only con is that the color saturation could have been better i am not expecting Samsung super amloed like colour saturation but at this price it could have been better... Even though redmi downgraded its processor  SD 632 from redmi 7 to SD 439 on redmi 8..i couldn't notice that much of lag as its 4gb ram... Beside Samsungs amoled i feel huawei honors mobile has better display than anyothet mobiles in its class.. Sadly...READ MORE,5.0
super mobal price for satisfied good response punctual delivery good comucatedREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money... nice product, get battery pick up but camera is not so good but in this price, truly RecommendedREAD MORE",4.0
Xiaomi is just awesome!!The ease of use that the software offers is amazing when compared to big brands like Samsung. I left my old mi phone for a mid range Samsung phone 2 months back due to a close friend egging me to not buy Chinese. And i regretted it. So i bought the Mi 8 at 1/3 price of my Samsung and its offering me same performance/gaming etc with more easily customizable device!It's really fun to use!!READ MORE,4.0
"If you are looking for a feel good phone with good memory space you can go with it , 5000mah battery is more than enough for Snapdragon 439 processor in which you cannot expect the performance.....It is not worth the money When Other brands provide equivalent Snapdragon 635 processor for same price range  Redmi still goes with Snapdragon 439 which plays a major drawback to this phone .....READ MORE",4.0
Good quality with nice features at affordable price. Only thing Pixel Quality of Camera is not too good but average. Good phone at the price range.READ MORE,5.0
Good product. stylish design and super display performance. 5000 mah battery have two days working performance. really nice mobile. value for money.Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"awesome purchase in 2020..awesome camera, awesome battery life, awesome performance.. REDMI 8 is better than REDMI note seriesREAD MORE",5.0
better option available in this price like realme U1 its feel very heavy realme U1 is best device because is very nice finishing and also go for it realme is only realREAD MORE,4.0
"Great mobile, awesome battery backup. Really good for day to day use. Not a camera phone, but it will get the job done. Got it for 6500 with exchange of an old device. Really worth the money.READ MORE",5.0
"Very Good Smart Budget Phone at this price... features having Fast Charging C Port, 5000 mAh Battery, Dual Camera Setup, 4GB 64GB storage makes this phone more stronger than others in same price category. Camera and Processor Performance could be better, weight is more(due to 5000mAh battery)  although very well featured budget oriented, beautiful styled, balance smart phone at this price.READ MORE",4.0
"alwya want to shop only on Flipkart , because of detailed information n understanding of product with genuine quality n fast delivery...again purchase smartphone from Flipkart , ..awesome , genuine fast delivery , and again to say , Flipkart always rocks ....READ MORE",5.0
"Nice product with affordable price, thanks Xiaomi. Best all-around in 8k segment.READ MORE",4.0
"I am giving the rating after using the product for 20 days. First of all, you will get a monster battery with this phone; camera is good in this price(13+2 mp& 8mp); again you are getting Snapdragon processor which smoothens the phone; again the main reason for  buying this product is it's storage capacity. If you buy this product then you are getting 4gb+64gb storage which suits the budget too. The fingerprint and the face lock system works very fast. So, if you are looking for a budget phon...READ MORE",5.0
"It's a supperbb phone at this price, I recommend to go for it. The battery easily last for 2 days. Camera clarity is awesome though can't compare with Vivo Z1 which is much better and also price of Vivo Z1 is 13 to 15k. 64 GB hard disk n 4 GB ram ensures top performance. A little heavy to hold but it's worth itREAD MORE",5.0
"It's a worthy phone, provides more features in much less price. Phenomenal camera quality, display, sound and speed. I am totally enjoying using my beautiful ruby red handset.READ MORE",5.0
It is nice mobile.good worth at this priece.iy has good design and battery pick-up niceREAD MORE,4.0
good Quality & Fast Delivery Bus Thora Price kam kro ji otherwise OK & Best of luckREAD MORE,5.0
nice pieces and good look and longtime better backup very nice.      thank youREAD MORE,5.0
redmi 88 so beautiful mobile I like you thank you so much thank you so much my minimum price to Tu to give this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product in this range for Normal use for Normal person. Look is very good. Battery is very good. Work well in every normal use. Not for heavy Gamers and PhotographersREAD MORE,4.0
super mobile better camera and super betryy I like projectREAD MORE,5.0
It is good for customers who just need a touch screen device and to store good amount of data.It is strictly note for gamers who use gyroscope.Graphics can be made some what better.No issues with UI since it is very smooth.Only thing I haven't looked in this mobile is gyroscope is very bad.It doesn't work well.In my pov it works smooth but only thing is gyroscope.READ MORE,4.0
Best budget mobile.. Good battery backup.. Avarage camera clarity and best display.. Build and design is also look niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Nothing more good ,but useful one and looking good , comfortable for parentsREAD MORE",5.0
"Hey guys just go for it if no gaming and better battery and also better for parents but better choose samsung m30 if you have budget as it's screen clarity is best than this and for gaming at 8k choose realme 3 this is best performace not for gaming 😉👍 hope my review helps you if you wanna gain some tech knowledge then just follow us on social media platforms YouTube, Instagram and also helo and more platforms ""Tech buddies""😍👍READ MORE",5.0
"After using it for 2 days i come up with conclusion that it's Overall great purchase... Bought it for my father and he loved the design and its colour... Comes with a free tpu case that goes well with the device... Camera is just average.... Processor sd439 is also low end but what u r getting great is storage 64gb ROM and 4 gb RAM, battery and looks... For this price it's good phoneREAD MORE",4.0
"Great phone under 8000Rs price point..bought it for my Dad... In terms of looks its a premium looking Smartphone 😍 even greater than my Honor v10 .. In terms of specs its has good specs for an basic user who only do multi-tasking on phone using basic apps as it has 4gb of RAM and 64gb storage(out of which u get around 52gb).. Signal reception is great,voice clarity on speaker, earpiece and mic(for other person) is great...battery 5000 Mah is no doubt best Performer can go more than 1 & 1/2 d...READ MORE",4.0
Amazing battery.. it's like marathon....! coming to performance it's not satisfied me. display resolution was old model means 2017 mi model. and camera not bad.overall all performance and camera was equall to your money......!!!READ MORE,4.0
Phone is too good..in this range redmi 8 is good one...I buy this phone form flipcart.but dilevery is so late it take 11 days to dilever this phone..but using this phone i am happy .so i tell every one who are thinking to buy this phone go for it..it is good choiseREAD MORE,5.0
Great product with less money. This my second order for the same phone this time I gifted my friend they were really happy. Thanks to Flipkart making it delivered before the promise date.READ MORE,5.0
"image quality not proper .battery good, display quality not good when watch  video  ,not slow motion ,not stamp in camera red mi 8,AR camera support not available ,not support Google cameraREAD MORE",4.0
The product is very nice and I just loved it. Long-lasting battery and excellent look.READ MORE,5.0
This mobile is good but not best in this rangeInfinix hot 8 could be better optionThat's only my personal opinion after buying itREAD MORE,4.0
camera is normal good for normal use..but sometime phone display stops working and phone get hanged...I would prefer it is good to buy this product as it is nice phone in this range but if performance matters u a lot then please buy some other phone this is not good phone to buy ...there are many other options available with better camera and performance..mine experience is normal...not good😐READ MORE,3.0
redmi 8 good mobile camera clarity in good battery life awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
nice smartphone battery backup is good and display is also pretty nice.. and colour look is stunningREAD MORE,5.0
It's the budget friendly hand set of the year... Worth every penny actually... Performance is good also... Like the colour & the set very much... front & back camera r great as well... battery back up is top notch too. Guys go for it.READ MORE,5.0
A very much impressive phone with awesome battery life and good display. Performance is very sensitive and fast .READ MORE,5.0
Phone hanging problem ....I have used this phone very disappointed 👎👎👎READ MORE,1.0
It is Good Looking and shiny and worth the Money and  Features is Good for 8k budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 totally ok but display quality and camera quality clarity  it's must to be rework and launch. @redmi_8 HDR RECORDING ONLY GOOD FOR PICTURE AND VIDEO.... THEN NIGHT MODE IS OK BUT NOT GOODREAD MORE,5.0
wow nice product very good luckREAD MORE,5.0
"After using 4 days, Performance is overall good. battery is Awesome. 439 Processor is good with 4gb Ram. it comes with MIUI 10 But Miui 11 is available. want to Update then approx 670 Mb file size.Front or Rear camera is really worst pic. looks like 1.3 mp camera image.if you want a Phone with better Battery, littlebit beter Performance phone in 8k then go for it.READ MORE",3.0
over all phone is good but it's processor is not so impressive coz it didn't support some games like Fortnite though it having 4 gb ramREAD MORE,4.0
In this price segment it's really one of the best phones available in the market so far. Camera:-3.5/5Display:-3/5Battery:-4/5Value for money:-4.5/5Performance:-4.5/5To be fair this phone gives an amazing overall experience to everyone.READ MORE,4.0
Redmi 8 is Good Product  value for money 5* Good Battery Backup 5000mah But camere is not good finally iam satisfied this phone you can also  buy it ...READ MORE,4.0
Nice Product by Redmi Phone. t is useful for the normal people but the camera quality is not comparatively good as not new phonesREAD MORE,4.0
"awesome,  simply,  I don't  have words to appreciate  it   how do I do that, I am speechless to have  gained this is one of the best n cheapest   products  I have found is superbREAD MORE",5.0
"very good battery backup of this mobile,I think it is snapgram process is very low then how to taken good performance but really wonderful good performance,value of good budget mobile...READ MORE",4.0
pubg lover dose not buy because colour effects are to bad and not properly work in game time other wise small apps and games are gud workingREAD MORE,4.0
"it's a awesome phone by redmi ,must bye in low price affordable nice picture quality superb soundREAD MORE",5.0
Ekart superb deliverd. Very fast. Mobile look like a flagship phone camera well in low buged green color awesome like a new display and over all very nice i recommend to buy this mobile in range of 8000 go for it without confusinREAD MORE,4.0
"The best buy I could have in this price range!! Not for high end games like Pubg, Call of duty runs like a beast!!! we can play pubg in low settings flawlessly without any lag....if you want smooth + extreme fps performance go for gfx tool with this....i play using gfx tool and there is no chance of ban for using gfx.....with adreno gpu and gfxthe game runs like POCO F1!!!!READ MORE",5.0
"All good, only one thing this mobile support fast charging but charger which provided in the box is not a fast charger... So you need to buy a fast charger...READ MORE",4.0
"Decent mobile in that price range.Cameras are good, can't expect more from display in 8000/- rupeesFinger print accurate and speed And flipkart delivery excellent in just two days i got that mobileREAD MORE",4.0
the mobile color is very good Camara is awasome in this renge Prosser is good enough overall good in this renge and I am happy to sell itREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money not very good because of some time touch screen not work then lock your screen and again unlock for good performance. But now you can't get other mobile in this price range.READ MORE,3.0
Display- Good Camera- AverageBattery- Backup is good and charges fast Performance- Good without any lagging issue.Overall nice pack of features in the price range.READ MORE,5.0
super I love mi and Flipkart super fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Everything Is Too GoodCameras Are Like MakkhanBattery Backup Like PahadBody Like Shant bahta Paani Performance Like UnbelievableLove It As Every Angle Of PerformanceGo For ItREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone .. very smooth thank you Flipkart for delivery..Flipkart is best online shopping appspecifically when you are planning for new phoneand also thank you Mi for this wonderful handsetREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile low budget very good specs fast charging 5000 mah battery.10 watt charger out of box available.18 watt charger not include but you buy and enjoy fast charging...Performance good no heating issues Type C availableREAD MORE,5.0
"Each and everything is fine but not happy with the processor, many apps stop working some times, other wise gadget is good and styling and its price is awesome.... 👍READ MORE",5.0
Phone is enough good in this sigment...you can't play pubg in good condition... It's just a phone for regular needs... Camera average... Battery just okk.. U can easily survive 2 to 3 days...READ MORE,5.0
"Very Awesome product for this price range.So,I am saying for everyone that this product is too good and delivery system is very fast as your expect.READ MORE",5.0
"Best in class...Not a single popular brand offers you such specs in 8K....Only infinix is one of the competitor...redmis photo quality, sound, features all best for the priceREAD MORE",5.0
"Best Smart phone in this price range. Good colour. but sound quality is not up to the mark, sound is very noisy.READ MORE",4.0
not as I expect but in price one more mobile available that was infinix hot 8 6999 so redmi need to less some price coz hot 8 give all this feature at 6999 so I reduce 1 star due to priceREAD MORE,4.0
Flipkart is wonderfulFirst time delivered my mobile .but defective And again am replacement for mobele sent to request it is also very quickly done Now mobile also very good and awesome very nice executive persons .very standard maintain keep going Flipkart .am very full fill satisfied with my order thanks to Flipkart amazing ...READ MORE,5.0
I love mi 8 .i play free fire on this device.love mi love you xaiomoREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile in low price with good features while comparing to high range mobile over than 10K and coming to service of filpkart in my locality it's very good and service of the delivery mans are too awesome than my imagination...awesome serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera was ok and charging was superb display was also good and performance also good delivery was too gud finally good product in this price thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"one of the most beautiful phone in this price,  camera is awesome in this price range, the performance of the phone is very good ,long time battery backup, thank you Flipkart and thank you  redmi xiaomi.READ MORE",5.0
cool and nice but heavy wt and processor is too badand its better for those who use phone for light only not for heavy users like game playersREAD MORE,3.0
"It has been a good phone till date, good for offical use, day to day task works smoothly and has a good battery life sustaining upto 2 days without charge, good for an average phone user.READ MORE",4.0
i would say super Mr Mobile in this price range. Battery back up is Awasome. not comparable with others. i bought this due to battery back up and slightly comparised on camera part. camera is not super like 48 mega pixels redimi note 8 pro but excellent on this price. overall it's a win for customers.READ MORE,4.0
I m fully satisfied 👍 All section r superb .. delivery guy also politeness .. like the most part is battery backup .. really awesome .. just go for it ..TQ U Flipkart 💕💕 ..READ MORE,5.0
"In this price range it's a perfect phone with large screen, good camera, good resolution and till today battery backup is good too..READ MORE",4.0
Its too good in budget .its awesome product.i like it .and it is work very good ...thanks to redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Great at this price... everything is fine....but it doesn't have wide angle camera....u had better go for another mob if u r a camera loverREAD MORE,4.0
battery life is good but selfi night mode and low light conditions of not clear all features a good price is effective .READ MORE,3.0
"Overall Phone by look's is good but in the first instance it need to be updated after switching on ,I found it too much time consuming and without updating first it doesn't work .The phone system must be updated prior and incontext to new version is available it can be acceptable ,but basic must be updated.👏READ MORE",5.0
excellent product never then before the mobile is very good in performance the new thing in this mobile is VDI that is any near by people try to bring  any extraordinary device near it give a good sound of alarm that you can be cautionedREAD MORE,5.0
"Really worth for money, i loved wireless fm, fast charging (but no charger), decent RAM and inbuilt memory, triple slots are really great. Love you Redmi,READ MORE",5.0
realy wonderful item(totaly mobile). satisfies fully in all aspects. great thanks flipkart and good seller.READ MORE,5.0
very good quality of the product at this low price. very much overwhelmed with the specifications at this price. Thanks xiaomi...you guys are really competitive and quality providers for the Indian middle class families.May God bless you guys...please explore more products like this in coming days especially for the Indian middle class families so that no one can hate them for their low feature phone as these absurd things happened in India...so it's my deep request you to fulfill all nec...READ MORE,5.0
Super product and I am really really happy to bought this mobile...... this is an my first order in flipcart .......fastest delivery love u flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
gifted to my father on his retirement and he was very much Happy with sudden surprise. best quality phone under 8k Thank you flipkart n RedmiREAD MORE,5.0
Camera does not make good pictures but mobile is good battery backup good condition very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, good battery backup.Cemar should have better overall best but display quality is bad.READ MORE",5.0
Efficient phone to use. Good display size and battery back up. Runs pubg but not in high resolution. Well it's not a gaming or camera phone but has covered everything little by little. Happy to use redmi 8.READ MORE,5.0
"Great features for the price of the phone. The back camera is surprisingly good and captures colours pretty accurately. It's a bit annoying that the notch on top has become some kinda standard now, though it serves no purpose. But that's a minor irritant, and the phone is great. I should say that the phone came with a case which I was pleasantly surprised by.READ MORE",5.0
"good mobile for this range segment.it is the best phone in mi for 7999 rupees only,,,i love it..but delivery is too fast...it is  best price below 10000READ MORE",5.0
It is very good and amazing... I really like it. It's a outstanding products at reasonable rate. Everyone buy it.READ MORE,5.0
I bought this at exchange with my old Redmi note 3 ।। after many searches and reviews। finally it is good mobile।। with 2 day battrey life after heavy use।। camera was good। performance was good 1 can buy with 100% assurance value for money।। thanks flipkart for 2 day delivery before time.   go for it..  4gb 64gb nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobail but i aspect the camera allso  but not good click not a good clarityREAD MORE,5.0
Extra ordinary mobile. Superb Battery backup. Look up very smart.. Camera excellent. Smooth and easy. Overall quality and performance is mind blowing. Lovely phone. Price is the best.READ MORE,5.0
awesome phone but processor is low.. battery is very good backup.. camera is not so good.. over all for this range price mobile is goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product  it work smoothly camera quality is lo but all over mobile is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Happy nice mobile good camera good battery and happy with FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Please don't buy this product, As promised by Flipkart it was delivered in time. But there are only cons no pros i find for this mobile phone. It hangs very often. the switch selection while on ongoing call doesn't work properly. ""Wireless display"" keeps on searching for option even when it is displayed on screen and does not allow selection or setting. Camera is of no good quality either it be rear or front. It is heavy and not good for gaming; it heats up and hangs too. It is not worthy. M...READ MORE",1.0
Amazing product. Nice delivery. Got super coins. Excellent Service. Go ahead rock flipkart. Thank youREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone in this range nice camera quality nice  battery backup nice design over all good quality for this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
amazing mobile phone on this price range I'm very happy to buy this phone and superb thing is that BIG BATTERY of this mobile .READ MORE,5.0
Overall fine for a basic user. It's recommendable in this budget but don't expect too much because just the 4GB RAM and 64 GB Internal memory is not enough to get experience like other same configuration phones because the processor used is also a big deal.READ MORE,2.0
Best Smart Phone in this Range I like battery backup and wireless fm.Rest of all the features are best in this Smart PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
display is too good but all other features are good battery life is awesome camera also good nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best smartphones I bought under 8k (price was 7999 initially on Flipkart)Pros:5000 mAh massive battery. So battery lasts all the day long. I get almost 2-3 days charge once fully chargedQuick charge support. Phone gets fully charged in less than 3 hoursBig displayQuick fingerprint sensorSpeaker quality is good. Sound is good and loud.RAM of 4GB is good enough for most of the work. However some lag happens sometimes don't know why. Maybe due to old apps64 GB internal memory...READ MORE,5.0
the phone is great at this price segment I bought this for my uncle and it just rocked he is very happy and the colour is pleasing to the eyeREAD MORE,4.0
"Good Mobile to use after 1 month. Battery backup is good. The camera is satisfied also. No heating issue. The best feature is MI has improved its sound quality, volume of sound is satisfied.READ MORE",5.0
"best phone , best price, best delivery, best service, due to best staff of Flip-Kart.READ MORE",5.0
too good at this price. no heat..no hang . after one month use it's pretty good.grt @ this price. Emerald green colour gives extraordinary look for the phone.battery lasts for about 40 hours after one month. miui 11 is available in this phone. which gives nice user interface.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product best battery since But camery is slightly low Overall It was a best smart phone from redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product I liked this so much.. Also quick deliveryover all experience is nice let's see how it works in future...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome phone at this price!! Go for it with your eyes closed. Amazing battery backup!! You won't believe it untill you've used! Awesome camera! The IMX 363 is a amazing camera specially unbelievable in this price point. But there's no slo mo so that's disappointing. Only complain is the chipset could have been better! SD 439 is not for heavy games like PUBG or COD.Verdict - The best phone for moms & dads. I also bought it for my Dad. He's very happy. Big battery good camera 64 GB stora...READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile from redmi thank you so much Flipkart for delivery on time very good communications without locator supplier good performance good patience time on delivery thank you once againREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not properly audible with video calling. Other wise the performance was very good till now.READ MORE,4.0
battery is 5000 MAH but work like 3000 MAH ...battery is not powerful ...NOT GOOD phoneREAD MORE,2.0
amazing phone bettery good camera good all is goodREAD MORE,5.0
everything is good but app side slot not good realmi & Samsung down to up app apen sistem is good I don't like site touch open appREAD MORE,5.0
"I think after few days useing it's a good phone under 8k . good Prosser , good camera, letest Android version .READ MORE",4.0
"Value for money!! Great phone at this price, Good battery backup is awesome and charging time is quick. Good camera and best performance at this price.READ MORE",5.0
Super fast delivery......packing was good....and the phone is too good .....best smart phone in this range....must go for it nd thanxx Flipkart 😊READ MORE,5.0
same as shown on image wonderful phone figure sensor with face unlock is really fast it support flash charge smooth in hand cover also there good one phone under 10kREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome Super outstanding collection lovely coular Fantastic dising And  Specially Thank you  flip kard  Safe and secure deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and Easy to use and I like a Performance very much and. I like mobile very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing one from Flipkart. Very next day delivery. Free back cover also. Charging cable also good in length. Tampering glass not received yet. Just bought yesterday. Hat's off to Flipkart time & again.READ MORE,5.0
Camera is not clear and perfect it's just 5 mega pixels. Pubg not working properly otherwise awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
"excellent phone 8,000 low amazing look super battery backup over all superREAD MORE",5.0
"At last, a budget phone with a decent battery life and a fantastic camera. Loved it very much. Actually bought it for playing Call Of Duty Mobile. Runs fantastic even in the highest graphics settings. Thanks Flipkart and Xiaomi. 😄😄READ MORE",5.0
"common man easy to buy this mobile. very nice mobile. good clarity. battery backup is very nice .thank you Flipkart ,your services is very good.READ MORE",4.0
very nice products blue colour is fine good delivery and speed delivery thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing phone in this price. Excellent battery backup and impressive camera quality. I strongly recommend this phone. You can buy it blindly. Really impressed.READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile for less money loved it The battery is good lasts more than 2 days for normal usageREAD MORE,5.0
4gb ram 64gb rom smartphone by redmi in only 7999/- such a nice product . 100%value of money. camera 12mp and battery 5000mah. after full charging it work better for 1 dayREAD MORE,5.0
"fast delivery 👍, mobile in hand feeling so good . battery back up awesome , camera Normal  , display Normal so value of money ...!READ MORE",4.0
"good camera, screen pixels also good and battery is awesome, i watched 2 movies of 4.5 hours and battery only 40% low.... amazingREAD MORE",5.0
A perfect mobile for you when you are tight on budget. stunningly gorgeous device with great performance. Redmi always provides value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
"@Camera - (3/5) night photo is not good, video quality is below average and all fine @design is better than from its price @battery backup is better. Good mobile in this priceREAD MORE",4.0
Bought for my Father. great Mobile in this price camara is good in as per price. good performance easy to use.READ MORE,5.0
"camera average, battery backup is good, display average, performance very good overall functionality  good little bit better as compare to infinix hot 8READ MORE",4.0
ok just recieved it within 2 days now coming to main point first of all its a budget phone so don't expect anything more eventhogh it's having large battery it if enought for one day run if you are serious gamer or net user i don't think it will last upto 24hrs camera will work nice in good lighting conditions or outdor indor clearity is not so good so if you are looking for good camera don't go for itprocessor on slower side apps take time to launch slower than my honor7x which i bought ...READ MORE,3.0
good price.good battery. good performance. very good mobile. thank you redmi phones.READ MORE,4.0
"Very good value for money Redmi 8. It works so smooth and good processing speed. Really, nice mobile with nice features...READ MORE",5.0
very good Mobil phone camera is very good and Battery Big mhs 5000 fingerprint fast scan and face lock 4GB RAM INTERNAL 64 FAST PUBG PLAYINGREAD MORE,5.0
fantastic very good for  gamers like me low price but great performanceREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall good ...looks nice battery, camera performance...but it will better if more slim and handy size (less than 6)READ MORE",4.0
One of the cheapest mobile phone from Redmi. You won't  get  all these specifications in other mobiles like this Redmi 8 under Rs 8000. It is under your budget and may satisfy  you need. You can also compare this phone to other mobile  phones.  Be sure of your mobiles and don't  forget to see their reviews.READ MORE,4.0
"Really, amazing phone by redmi. Superb display and camera. 2 to 3 days battery backup with moderate net use. Very much better phone with such feature under budget. Amazing...READ MORE",5.0
Value for money and good product for this range mobiles I must recommended you all of you guys nothing about worry for this product it's awesome it's my opinion and I am really like this mobile.Camera. Best in this range but only processor not very good but quote quite okREAD MORE,4.0
awesome thank you so beautiful I love mobileREAD MORE,5.0
I loved itsuper phone at this price range. I would recommend this to every formal mobile user. I bought it for my dad. He is satisfied with the product.READ MORE,5.0
"An awesome phone. Its camera quality, battery backup, voice clarity all are above what i expected. The icing on the cake is the face recognising feature which just killed it. A true value of money. A phone of just 8k having such feature is a rare combo. Many thanks to flipkart for delivering such a magnificient phone. Just one suggestion, i had to wait a lot to buy this phone as it was always out of stock. I want it to be readily available so that all can get the feel of awesomeness.READ MORE",5.0
overall the product is good and worth of money.the only thing I did not like is the weight of the phone.READ MORE,4.0
Best budget mobile phone.  Good look. Awesome display. Sharpen cameras. Zooming is Good. Compact design.READ MORE,5.0
"Best mobile phone on this price , battery is best , overall performance is best , but camera is ok ok....READ MORE",4.0
Display is not good as other phones like Samsung and all. Front camera is not very good but rear camera is better at this price. Overall performance and features are good accept theseREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent! I bought Emerald Green Variant, the colour is shining pretty good. got delivered within 24hrs and flipkart given me a surprise gift as redmi 8 on my birthday unexpectedly. Best phone under INR 8000, Phone Quality, Battery Backup, Camera Quality, Sound Quality, Storage capacity, RAM, Screen and Gorilla Glass, Android 9, Fingerprint, Performance and Everything is Very Good.I suggest rear camera should not be on centre, the phone looks more attractive if rear camera on the top le...READ MORE",5.0
very nice product I think that's super phone for every cool users. so guyz must buy if you want a best .READ MORE,5.0
great phone great service by Flipkart great team work by Flipkart you are mind blowing Flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
"Handy ,Classy ,A big Bang Battery Backup.Really a ultimate handset in this price range functioning properly up to the mark look is so brilliant and camera quality is pretty nice .READ MORE",5.0
best budget mobile. Packed very well and fast delivery! Thank you..READ MORE,5.0
"Xiaomi is a great brand & my Redmi 8’s performance is goodbut not excellent that I have thought before buying it on it's first flash sale.Display is great. I have no complaints about it's RAM,Processor,ROM and it's 5000mah battery (Battery gives 1.5 day backup), 12+2 MP Back Camera & 8 MP Front Camera is better than other phones (except any i Phones).But it is getting heat for 3 to 4 hours usage. However I'm very happy to have Redmi 8.Keep it up Xiaomi for making this types of smartphones.READ MORE",3.0
It's a very good mobile at this price....very smooth & easy to handle.....nice display & good battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
over all good at this price processor could be better but ok for the those who doesn't play heavy gamesRed looks more attractive than black overall good let's see how it performs in long runREAD MORE,5.0
we love this phone and very comfort with our Redmi-8. low price with big facilities.Appreciated.......Im So happy with your quick service and appreciate your effort to make happy on your customers.READ MORE,5.0
BATTERY VERY GOOD BACKUP  CAMERA IS NORMAL LOOKING IS VERY SMART FLIPKART DELEVERI IS VERY FAST ONE DAY THANK YOU F KARTREAD MORE,4.0
I had gifted this phone to my brother on his birthday he was surprised by seeing such a phone in a sufficient amount which is with good facilities but camera is lil bit unsatisfied rather then that all the feature of this phone is up-to the point ☺READ MORE,5.0
"Stupendous one for this range... expect camera,all things are good, especially battery backup is stunning one.weight is little bit high.performance wise its an above average one.Game addictors run back from this.READ MORE",5.0
red mi 8 hot phone in this prize wow so nice colour blue safire is best colour  thanks  flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"very good product in this price range, 5000mah battery can go up to 2 days with moderate use in my case I don't play games but net is always on. camera is decent can take good quality pics. no hanging or heating issues found. apps open quickly user has 2.5 gb ram free at any time.I found out the finger print scanner took a little time to unlock in some instance. Display is good. thanks MI and Flipkart for such a good quality budget phone.READ MORE",5.0
excellent phone even u can say this is the best phone ever  in the range of lowest money.... it's extremely good... thank  Xiaomi mi.... keep it up for sreving us Better...READ MORE,5.0
good to use and camera quality is good. battery is good to use it for one full day worth of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
looks attractive battery is good.. came must have been better but fully satisfied for this price .. best phone at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Look and finish is excellent, decent phone for its tagged price. Camera both front and back are good in natural lighting. Battery is amazing, after 2 weeks of usage pretty satisfied with performance. Can run big games (alright for casual gamers like myself) with the odd lag here n there.READ MORE",4.0
very very nice phone very good phone and price very nice 7999 oh nice featuresREAD MORE,5.0
"Redmi 8 is the bestseller and compared with phones un similar price stands out. It is value for money, voice clarity is great, sound is high quality and much loud which is good. Camera and display is amazing. It is excellent phone to gift to parents and elderly above 40/45 yrs. I gifter to my mom and she is enjoying hast internet, camera, and installed apps. Its one of the best variant offering superb configuration and specifications  in just a price of 7,999. I recommend and rate is 4.5 ot o...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome performance regarding the phone specification. It has made so softly as it behaves like fully perfection and really worth it.READ MORE,4.0
"camera is ok, battery is good comes with 5000 mah with fast charging but I seen battery drain to fast as compare to my old asus mi max m1 phone. rest all is great. it is value for money and a great deal so go for it.READ MORE",4.0
MI Redmi 8 model is very wonderful phone it's affordable for any person he/she like a phone Redmi 8 . I thankful to MI it make a gorgeous pieceREAD MORE,5.0
"Flipkart is a very fast delivery online shopping website. I m very happy bcz the redmi 8 is fantastic phone in this price. On the occasion of Diwali, I buy this mobile & I m so... happy.,🤩🤩READ MORE",5.0
"An awesome phone on this price range. Delivery was quick by the Flipkart.Battery life is the main plus point for this phone. Camera performs very well on day light but struggles on artificial lighting conditions. Bokeh mode works perfectly all the time. Normal Audio quality is good but not the best.Call quality is upto the mark.RAM management is also very good in this phone.But one this is irritating that lots of bloatwares are pre installed on this phone, making us spend extra time to...READ MORE",5.0
"Infinix hot 8 is better option. Ratio of display size is not good of redmi 8. No FHD display. processor same as previous models. Not proper black color. color is grey which looks very bad. camera doesn't shoot pictures of 12mp, 8mp and 2mp Quality...READ MORE",2.0
nice mobile .. I bought it for my son he is very happy with it.. nice performance value for money ...READ MORE,4.0
Amazing phone smooth touch camera is very awesome i love MI product Because we can get in cheep rateREAD MORE,5.0
"ordered it on the 1st day sale & got within two days. Thanks to Flipkart for that. Battery life is very good. Camera has overall good performance, not yet satisfied as MI gives superb camera. Finger print sensor, face unlock is very swift. Touch sensitivity of the display is very good. Pic & selfie can be captured with fingerprint sensor. Overall value for money.READ MORE",5.0
it's a very good product and long life battery also battery today's highly used it should be very useful to me it's also very good for easy to useREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityvery good mobile  in this prize and best performanceREAD MORE,5.0
"SD 439 feels faster than SD 636. If you are a normal user than you will like the phone. Face unlock is fast. If your eyes are closed than face unlock does not work which is good thing. Phone is not slim, little bulky. If anyone want to know any details i will help.READ MORE",4.0
everything looks great but camera disappointedand didn't got any fast charger just mobile support fasting chargingin box we didn't get any fast chargerstill worth for money but camera is too worstREAD MORE,5.0
"It's a good phone for this price.My phone specs are 4-64gb.It works fine with apps for now.Games are ok. PUBG is still very heavy game for this phone but Call of duty works fine.Camera is good for a phone at this price range.Overall it just does what you need for a for a phone at this price range does, just do not expect it to do more.READ MORE",4.0
"as what promised, it stood on all qualities as mention d. no delays and lags in gaming, it's doesn't get hot. nice screen, c type adapter fast charging, every app works smoothly with great video qualities and pictures are great too camera awesome, overall it's great !! see, the only thing is it's little heavy,otherwise it's great fun.. value for money l.. thanks.... cheers !!READ MORE",5.0
very nice phone battery is excellent I really love mi it charges very fastREAD MORE,5.0
mobile is better in this range. good battery life as well as good camera and large screen size. it have water drop notch. it's aura mirror design is very good.READ MORE,5.0
"Good phone at this price range, thank u mi for dis handset loaded features with premium looks  Also thank you Flipkart for making available at such offer priceREAD MORE",5.0
"Ordered on 12th October midnight and received on 14th October.Thnx Flipkart team. Awesome mobile from Xiaomi. Good cherry red colour, transparent cover alongwith. Superb battery 5000mAH. Beautiful display. Grand cameras. Really loving my new phone !!READ MORE",5.0
"display quality is good but battery back up is not up to the mark as compare with its capacity of 5000Being Dual Camera it's performance is also low as compare to infinix hot 8 and realme pre installed app of Mi like mi store,mi credit,mi pay etc are all useless app but you can't uninstall themalso advertisement in MiUI I will recommend not to buyREAD MORE",3.0
I love this mobile looking best feature best all are best   this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone worth for money...best looks and i love the design very much ... thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"Best in this price.Battery 2 days for HEVY user, huge battery, for normal user 4 days easily.Performance is ok according to the processor.camera is ok, don't generate a realistic picture, artificial fairness is provided which i personally don't like.call quality is good, it will produce so loude in full volume that you will be irritated.It is not FHD so you can't watch Amazon prime videos and Netflix in Hd but you can wach HD videos or movie through memory card.If it was a FHD it could ...READ MORE",4.0
super awesome and value for money Phonenice performance good quality camera I liked thatREAD MORE,3.0
having good service and safe delivery.... its a great thing that all features at a good cost . .READ MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT BATTERY NET SPEED QUICK PROCESSING GOOD QUALITY STYLILE DESIGN EXTRA OPTIONBATTERYfast charging within 3 hrs full charger 2min  1 point chargerin 10 w but 18 w 1 min 1 point add designred colour are very interested looking super front camera face detection is detect nt time clearly open unlocknet speed is like to best for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in budget but if redmi have better processor in redmi 8 would be great but overall very good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice pH in this prize segment Camera quality is good bt it will be more better other opponent like infinix and oppo give better camera resolution in this segment Overall good phREAD MORE,4.0
"top performance, camara is good but not best , baatery is good backupREAD MORE",4.0
This phone is very amazing phone which packed with various types of functionality in very low price Redmi is doing great job on there budget smartphones.This phone is comes with a massive 5000mah battery  and in that range the support of type-C is very interesting.READ MORE,5.0
everything is good I was many time order in flipkart excellent service but first time happen in delivery boy is totally unexperience dealing with customer..please try to send good manner delivery boy..READ MORE,5.0
great battery backup good working of ram fast performance  nicely display back looking is great camera is greatREAD MORE,5.0
"Writing this Honest review after 1 week of usage..The phone boasts a 5000 mAh battery backup which is very good in this price segment and it lives up to the expectation.The display quality is HD+ as mentioned and it's Sharp.The gorilla glass and P2i splash proof screen is really cool.The phone's camera is okay. THE 8mp selfie can give decent photos given that there is enough light, but Low-light selfies can be really bad and since it lacks a front Flash it's not for low-light photography...READ MORE",4.0
Superb Mobile worth for Money I like it...All features are good & Flipkart deliver right product before dispatch date...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product. Superb quality. Good for game loving person.😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"Just received th3 product. Black colour look rich then blue or red. Happy with mobile.   Pros: 1. Big battery, 2. Large screen. 3. Semi water proof. 4. Wireless fm working.5. Ir remote control. 6. Camera at such price brilliant. 7. Fingerprint and face scanner. 8. Black colour i received dark black cover suoer grippy.      Cons: 1. Too heavy you can literally feel it. Thick also 2. Bit slow then other smart phone. 3. Speaker bit not good. 4. No handsfree. 5. Processor low snapdragon 400 serie...READ MORE",5.0
I like this mobile but the camera is not good 6/10 or the display is 8/10 and the battery is 5000mah but it is like that 4000mah batteryREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile I think best in price rangebut processor is very old so not good performancecamera quality is average average in low lightbuild quality = average.READ MORE,3.0
Don't go on any review if you are normal user take this phone blindly as you will never regret.I am iPhone user and i took this mobile as secondary phone but the battery is awesome.No phone will beat at this price.I got 2 days battery backup as i was using mobile more than normal use.This processor is enough for normal use.No lag or anything very smooth and awesome better than realme and all.Highly satisfied and got more than enough what I expected.Thanks to xiomi.READ MORE,5.0
"best in the range.  gifted to wifey on her bday.  c is happy with selfie camera and functions like face unlock, fingerprinf sensor etc.READ MORE",4.0
display quality is not good and flash is not sufficient to take photo in night also not supported fast charging don't buy this phoneREAD MORE,2.0
Basically the ruby red when seen on website looks nice but after unboxing the color of the piece is Maroon.. I personally didn't like the color but performance wise the phone us excellent.. If u like blue variant just go for it..READ MORE,4.0
"at Rs. 8000,6.2 inch display dot notch, 4gb ram+ 64 gb rom, 5000 mah battery, dual rear camera with fingerfrint and a gorgeous design with eye catching colour, a wonderful purchase for the festive season thanks Xiomi and Flipkart.....READ MORE",5.0
very good budget phone after using 3 days I am writing this review the camera is good enough for such budget phone back cover is pretty good with mirror touch phone is light weight and processor is also good go for it best option to gift for this diwaliREAD MORE,4.0
perfect product within budget. camera could have been 18mp or more max 20mp. still its a wonderful one. further this seem to be an ideal price for the phone to be spend as model and technology keeps on changing every day. anyway I just stand among the few lucky ones to get the product during launch itselfREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product in low price,all think is good except delivery from flipkart it's too late.and front camera is great,but rear camera should be improve.size is good ,you should buy this product blindly as compare to realme 5 . And see my Redmi 8 Unboxing Series 1 channel on YOUTUBE and subscribe it.READ MORE",5.0
value for money nice performance and good looking i m very happy with this product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Very much satisfactory with the product. I received earlier than expected. Contents intact as per description. I have charged the mobile 99%, then started set up. Everything is perfect except sound of audio n picture display LCD (3modes, normal, warm, cool) quality not satisfactory,(Comparing with LED display)in this model.  Overall for this price Rs8k , more than valuable mobile Remdi8. A very beautiful mobile in its class. Onyx black colour available, very nice finishing overall.READ MORE",4.0
best phone under 8k thanks redmi for make best budget smart phone and thanks flipkart for very fast home deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Just go for it guys. U will not regret. U can bring smile and happiness on your loved ones by gifting them 👍READ MORE,5.0
this is the one of the excellent phone in the medium  range I am very happy it is very convenient to use and all function very easy to operate thank you Flipkart for giving Sach nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
the best phone is the life very good phone camera quality super display superb MI y10 byREAD MORE,5.0
"Really good mobile in this price point but you have to compromise with camera and hardware also  if you are a gamer and camera lover you dont go for this but remember in this price point ""Superb mobile"" one thing Flipkart have to improve that is delivery time of all products which is not good.READ MORE",3.0
"so, i was wishing to get a new smartphone but in a limited budget. At that time, I came across this article. I was pretty impressed with its feature and when i got it , im same impressed man.Good fone in such a low budget.READ MORE",5.0
all features are good except processor  and display quality is not very good it is average..this product is very useful for these people who wanted to show that they have also a smartphone with 4 gb and 64 gbREAD MORE,3.0
NICE PRODUCT & VALUABLE PRODUCT NEVER SEEN LIKE THIS PRODUCT SUPER ONEREAD MORE,5.0
"back camera is not so good but this is good for this prize ,value gor money ,lookwise it is awsome ,i have black one.READ MORE",4.0
thank you Flipkart very much it was the best mobile I have brought in 8000 all features are present in it and no future is yet to be added good job Flipkart there is no fraud and not duplicate so we can buy any product from Flipkart without having any tension . good job Flipkart  keep it up.READ MORE,4.0
such a nice phone fast delivery and value for money saral Shabd maza a Gaya set dekh k I love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Absolutely thrilled to use this phone. Easy to install and great features. The start up is quite fast and the interface is user-friendly.Beautiful camera and the mobile is really more value than the money worth. A lot of Mi apps that you can choose from and a detailed menu option make it easy to use. Loving it.👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
to be a part of my daily usage it's very easy of usage as well as good looking budget smart phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Today I got the product Iam very much satisfied and very happy thank u Flipkart.. love uREAD MORE,4.0
nice one like our previous Redmi 3s prime with better space ram capacity..so if you want to invest RS 8000 then you may try Redmi 7sREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
classic phone in the.  price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice pic . and very nice mobail , and nice cameraREAD MORE",5.0
Nice 📸READ MORE,5.0
Everything is awesome under this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Great in this price I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
Ruby Red Shining colour looking very Attractive. *BIGG BATTERY*AWESOME PERFORMANCE*VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE,4.0
super mobile FANTASTICREAD MORE,5.0
"I love it.... This is just ""OMG"" product.....READ MORE",4.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone in this price range. just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
so nice  mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.... Thanks Flipkart ?READ MORE,4.0
That's amazing!! Nice Phone...!!!READ MORE,5.0
Super mobile...READ MORE,5.0
very good product.READ MORE,5.0
The best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
I'm happy this phone good battery good gamingREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile 😍😍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
good product smooth displayworth of mony 😊READ MORE,3.0
all goodREAD MORE,5.0
Such a Nice phone with new colour in the market and having a lots of feature.with a very low rate you will get all the pack hardware in 1READ MORE,4.0
Great at this price...READ MORE,3.0
what a lovely mobile in this price ..I'm very happy to get this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this phoneon Diwali n it made my day... thanks flipkart to give this awesome phone at this price...READ MORE,5.0
Nice and cool phone 📱READ MORE,5.0
super Product low priceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"It's Really awesome, totally budget phone & updated features, camera quality is superb,long time battery power,phone speed is too faster & model design is fabulous, about in one words- 🔥🔥🔥 #I❤️MIREAD MORE",5.0
"camara quality not in radmi range, battery is goodREAD MORE",3.0
osm clickgreat cameraprice are goodREAD MORE,5.0
"It's nice , value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
"looks exactly same , colour is same as shown loved just did not like the thickness of phone is more 8 feelREAD MORE",5.0
very fabulous impressive mobile for this price it very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile phone over all  good.READ MORE,5.0
Prons:🔴Awesome design🔴colour is good🔴Battery is good🔴Sound is very loud🔴video viewing is good🔴Miui🔴Front and back gorilla glass 5🔴type-c🔴case with the boxCons:🔴both camera are very bad(totaly disappointed)(not only a lens is taking better image that prosseser also dependent)🔴performance avg(no lag but not that speed)🔴canot be see 1080 videos on youtube(but see on another players like mx player)🔴No screen guard prividedREAD MORE,4.0
Nice cellphone....READ MORE,4.0
looking stunning at this price range and such a good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
gud product.. value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good quality mobile Jesus Bless you continueREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent mobile for 7999 only but, Processor make me DisappointedREAD MORE",5.0
sweet ph. battery is so good...READ MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
it quite good...but one problem is...it takes so much time for charging....it very disappointing.READ MORE,5.0
value for money very good premium design but camera bogas 1 star for camera and 5 star for other functions....READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome cameraREAD MORE,5.0
nice performance and nice camera quality also....READ MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Strongly recommend....really value of money...just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
just okey...camera os average...charging takes time...READ MORE,3.0
All specs is good but processor is old😕READ MORE,4.0
I won't say To buy if u play pubg regularly...this device is not meant for pubg and higher graphics games...so I recommend you to buy this handset if you want to use for daily purpose...overall it's GoodREAD MORE,4.0
this price best phone good battery backupREAD MORE,3.0
"Verdict after 1 year of use.Cons:Heavier than your usual smartphones.The camera is not par with standard models.The glass finish at the back is not sturdy,gets scratches easily, it is advised not to usethis device without a back cover.Does not have notification lights which is big letdownThe recent update might have had bugs, the device gets into a bootloop and shows ""find device closed unexpectedly.""Pros:Appearance is quite nice. The ruby red finish is charming to the eyes.Enough...READ MORE",4.0
under 8k price great phone..loved it.. gameing performance very well..READ MORE,5.0
super phone with 7999 rupeesREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Battery 🔋 quality awesomelooking good display goodfingerprint sensor very fasttype-c Port and quick change support.READ MORE,5.0
value for money very good camerabattery capacity so goodmind blowing shine at least price thanks for redmi for poor people can using great future mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Redmi Devicethis price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
JUST AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
battery performance is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobiles and nice picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in this price.READ MORE,5.0
camera not too good as expected n heating issueREAD MORE,3.0
nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
betterREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Camera 😀😀READ MORE,5.0
super I like this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good Quality Product without any Doubt in this price Range.. The GAMING performance is Surprisingly Good.. No heating issue.. The Battery is Champion it easily cover 2 days in average use.. Must go for it..READ MORE,5.0
Finish coating is very bad quality (coating remove it self)READ MORE,1.0
It's awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product. I love this product. 😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Good Phone.....READ MORE,4.0
awesome productscamera is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
"...a classic product in this price range..., fingerprint and face unlock sensors are working perfectly...camera is good...looks are stunning...emerald green colour is crazy...READ MORE",5.0
super modelREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
value for money 👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice Mobile worth for money...must buyREAD MORE,5.0
good photoREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good like function.needed much more pixels in rear cameraREAD MORE,5.0
"bad experience.hanged when initialize first time.after lots of efforts,it was start and Today also it's hanged when I used Phone call.its a fraud with me.technician came and agreed with me.yet my item not replaced.READ MORE",1.0
Only on superb redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
That is good but prossesor is very badREAD MORE,3.0
good product but not having any design on back side phone its planREAD MORE,5.0
u should go for it ........I gift this phone to my mom..and she is happy by analyzing this amazing phone......altlast .......jhakkkaaasssssREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing phone 😍thankyou flipkart.....READ MORE,5.0
nice phone of this price thanks flipcart and MI...READ MORE,4.0
value for money..READ MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product and value for money and under 8k and good battery thanks flipkart and mi mahabubnagarREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice Camera, and display. Performance is so niceREAD MORE",5.0
nice phone in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Best Mobile in this range of money..........5star specially value  for money🙂🙂🙂😃😃READ MORE,5.0
so good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone thanks to Flipkart and ecom courier service very fast with in 2 days very fast serviceREAD MORE,5.0
It is a very Usefull Mobile unDer 8000 I love camera  and Battery perfomensREAD MORE,5.0
So amazing Product I like it and  it's value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice phonenice camera qualityvalue for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"nice phone at this price. after few months of use , the switch button is not working properly.READ MORE",3.0
this mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"Nice product, Mobile is Nice,but ejjector tool is not available in box...READ MORE",5.0
Super redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone 👌👌 performance is very good 👌👌 and processor of Makan 😘😘best phone under 2019😍 value for money🥳🥳🥳🥳READ MORE,5.0
Amazing product inREAD MORE,5.0
"The flipkart delivery person was very descent, product itself in this price was good and delivery was made before one day.READ MORE",4.0
Gud productREAD MORE,2.0
Camare is goodBattery is at it bestProcessor is amazingScreen is goodOverall an average good phone.READ MORE,4.0
Its value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I love this phone.  pura Paisa VasoolREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice products Amazing💕😍💕😍💕😍 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice product i like it. Battery backup is very goodType c fast chargeThanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
naisREAD MORE,5.0
super dealREAD MORE,5.0
AFTER ONE DAY  HITTING PROBLEM STARTED AND ALSO HITING PHONE DURING THE CHARGING AND CHARGER ALSO HITING I DONT KNOW WHY....PEPL R KNOW THESE R HIDEING PROBLM....READ MORE,4.0
All goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome camera Sometimes display having lags Overall good mobile in this price segmentREAD MORE,3.0
best phone on that price overall performance is good...best budget phone...back display is so good...READ MORE,4.0
nice phonenice camera qualityvalue for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
superb fantastic excellentREAD MORE,5.0
budget phone....suits for all level of people.....with the all-rounder features......loved alotsuggestion is to go for it blindly.....READ MORE,5.0
Simply Superb in this RangeREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks a lot Flipkart my give order Redmi 8 Dt 12/10/2019 Mid night And Product delivered 13/10/2019 after noon fast service.but my mobile function very slow give 4 GB Ram / 64 GB unforchunately function very very slow net very slow. same sim other mobile fast.READ MORE,4.0
Here is UNBOXING nd review..youtube/gadgetslibrary.genuine review....READ MORE,5.0
good product camera 5/10RAM 6/10Speed 5/10look 7/10Softwears 4/10READ MORE,4.0
"my phone hanging but no replace and no problem solved ,very bad am unhappy this phone loss of my money(i suggest infinix hot 8 very nice phone)READ MORE",1.0
Best my phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"it's amazing ,nyc product  and this take photo is very beautiful very good performanceREAD MORE",4.0
very smartphone low costREAD MORE,5.0
"very poor clarity, don't buyREAD MORE",1.0
bettery service is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
awesome.bestphone below in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good smart phone in 8,000/- Face Unlock, Fingerprint Unlock is working good..! Nice phone by Redmi India..!!READ MORE",4.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
hang problem touch isn't working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
verry good phone but full screen video not playREAD MORE,4.0
awesome cameraawesome batteryawesome display qualityawesome built qualityREAD MORE,5.0
camera quality in this segment just OK not so good.design is good.READ MORE,3.0
Osm mobi in this rang and storage is beautiful and RAM is always good. 7999/- is it best price wasREAD MORE,5.0
camera and display doesn't meet the expected level and processor getting laggedsenior citizen can buy this mobilePhone style and battery was greatREAD MORE,1.0
"In my opinion this Redmi 8 phone is awasm..I m using it last 8days, seriously guys it's battery backup&performance is very nice.many of people said that camera quality is bad but I don't think so.i attached some photos which is captured from Redmi 8.Next when i m playing pubg game that time I can't get any lag from it.Attractive is design, specially back side.overall in this budget it's no 1 phone.I have attached some photos without portrait mood.👍READ MORE",5.0
overheating issuesREAD MORE,1.0
"First thing it's a second or two slower compared to my redmi note 7 pro. But that's ok given the range. Camera is good not great. PUBG exprience is good, but lags when played more than an hour. It has a decent front camera but there is no Panaroma mode. Battery lasts long. If you are someone who uses phone for insta,WhatsApp,calls and lighter games..this phone is for you. Go for it if you want to gift it to your elderly, this is a killer phone for non gamers and no phone comes closer to it in...READ MORE",4.0
Wow awesome 👍👏 nice picture qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Display Touch not working properly.READ MORE,1.0
ncREAD MORE,4.0
"I am very disatisfied with camera or image quality such a chip, Battery is good, But camera or image quality like 5 megapixcel.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent Battery & Supub Phone.READ MORE,5.0
Super Mobile Osm CameraREAD MORE,5.0
"absolutely unbelievable feicher of this phoneand Chip and best quality of the product, of course RedmiREAD MORE",4.0
THIS IS BUDGET KILLER PHONE.. FALL IN LOVE WITH THE BACK EMERELD GREEN COLOR . VERY GOOD PERFORMANCE..READ MORE,5.0
Camera is very badREAD MORE,4.0
"In this range, it is worth buying.READ MORE",5.0
SUPER PRODUCT BY REDMI WORTH THE MONEY & CLASSY...READ MORE,5.0
Fabulous Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
camera quality is very poor worst than redmi note 3READ MORE,3.0
good mobile battery life super camara nice picture overall semaREAD MORE,5.0
at this budget phone was good but the exchange policy of old phone is very bad just show formalities at time phone delivery they rejected the old phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in this price 7999 and highly recommend for purchase the aboveREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobile worh of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It's a best performance phone in this price Amazing👍👍 battery🔋 backupREAD MORE,5.0
Over PriceREAD MORE,1.0
I loved it Camera awesome Battery superbPerformance goodOne of the best phone in this range 😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"Do not buy this bad product,  dent has come in 6 months only .READ MORE",1.0
Nice phone Camera is averageLook is osmREAD MORE,5.0
Value of MoneyGood mobile best feuther battery life goodGood camera qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileBattery performance very goodValue for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
hangingREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productGood performanceREAD MORE,4.0
very nice productgood cameragood batt bacupREAD MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Some time screen doesn't work mainly call time we are going to disconnect the call screen doesn't work 2-3minutesREAD MORE,5.0
functions all good but camera thik thank hai  value for price osmREAD MORE,4.0
Display had touch issuesREAD MORE,1.0
superb designawesome gameplay and very smooth pubg and asphalt in hdawesome big screenpowerful battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Owsome. Diff 2 operate. Nice 1.READ MORE,5.0
camera is not bad at all. but focussing issue. camera focussing problem. battery is good. display is not full hd. it doesn't support 1080p video in youtube. it supports just 720p video in youtube. portrait's edge detection is very very good😍😍its just awesome.READ MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
All over good mobile at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
amazing phone . 😍😍 . I just love it💓💘READ MORE,5.0
super excellent mobile good working battery - 5*display - 5*cemara - 4.5*READ MORE,5.0
very good phone in this price seagmentif you are not a heavy user then just go for it you will definitely love this phone specially red colourREAD MORE,5.0
good product but the charger adapter recive the older one.READ MORE,5.0
not bad actually thiknes is miner problem but overall niceREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks Flipcard and the delivery boy spoke very well and also told the option for payment.READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
excellent superb features phone greatREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone Camera is good in this range Display resolution goodBattery capacity is niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 📷Value for 💵Nice🎮READ MORE,5.0
No SIM tray in packingREAD MORE,1.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
this product is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
"Good budget phone. The camera is average. Performance is awesome. Looks, build quality, grip is superb. At 7999 what more can you get... Just superbREAD MORE",5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"nice product in 8k, very fast delivery by flipkart, thanks.READ MORE",5.0
"If you are PUBG lover, dont buy this phone. Redmi 8 mobile is not at all suitable for PUBG. worst graphics and games are choppy even though it is 4 GB ram. while playing games i facing lag issues with this mobile. don't buy this mobile.READ MORE",1.0
touch problemmicrophone problemREAD MORE,1.0
Good nice product battery back up is great 4 daysREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome cameraAwesome batteryAwesome displayAwesome built qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and better phoneNice gamingNice cameraLong Life batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good but touchpad very slow working momentum not working to touchREAD MORE,4.0
performance very bad sometime touch not workingREAD MORE,2.0
nice osmREAD MORE,5.0
value for money but processor low  are not worthy in mobile not use for gamers only good with battery life..READ MORE,3.0
value for money.just vedio quality is blurred.READ MORE,4.0
Touch Hang out problem very poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Very fast delivery & good delivery boy.READ MORE,5.0
Everything is OK Not bad productREAD MORE,5.0
very bad phone . Delivery man very bad.READ MORE,1.0
Nice phone good product i am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad phone Battery is very worstREAD MORE,1.0
Notification led light feature missing. Even charging led notification also not in this phone.READ MORE,3.0
nice phone for best battery backup. display is goodno hanging or heating while using excessiveREAD MORE,4.0
I think this phone is suprb for this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Super battery nice phone camera good.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent mobileBattery was awesomeBest value mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"superb mobile at this price range battery backup is superb, camera also good & beautiful design.5 out of 5 stars.?READ MORE",5.0
very superb phone with best priceREAD MORE,4.0
it is amazing product good quality nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
super phone nice product low budgetREAD MORE,3.0
value of money best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice product ...READ MORE,5.0
superrr phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
beyond the words.. great..fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
worst product ever. battery performance is very bad.  mobile got hang on first day. very slow performance.READ MORE,1.0
"super phone,value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
excellent mobile in this price but camera quality is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Waste worthless🥴🥴🥴... Btry only value for money... Otherwise waste camera waste display waste....READ MORE,1.0
"Good Mobile, camera is little better' others then mobile compared,READ MORE",5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice battery backup, upto 2 days with moderate usage.Design is killer.Display is also nice in its price range.Camera quality is just Ok , not best.Performance is also just entery level. Snapdragon 439 is not that capable as you can get now in 10K (Actually was launched for 8k).Overall, Value for money smartphone.It has some network issue. Idk why???READ MORE",5.0
Very poor very bad phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Fantastic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
it's very osumREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one value for money worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Thank uREAD MORE,4.0
Superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
power and volume down buttons are not working  after 12 days of purchaseREAD MORE,1.0
In 8000 gd but in 9799 not gd but even u can go as ittREAD MORE,4.0
Don't purchase this model display problem hangingREAD MORE,1.0
Phone is good current they're charging 9799 but before lock down it was 7999READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneValue of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Guys this mobile is not as expected as this was shown, touch isnot good at all, it hangs wen u play pub g lite even....simple don't buyREAD MORE",1.0
Performance is not good i face hang problems you always increase this product price price is so high and performance is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good but not bestREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BeautifulREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phone.Simple smooth and fastVery nice performance 👌Awesome purchaseNoiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Only buy if you are a mild user with almost no requirements for a mid range camera. Pathetic I would say in terms of focussing and camera quality, even the 5 year old redmi1s can beat this junk hands down in term of camera and display quality. The charging is too slow even with a 18w fast charger and the battery backup is no where like 5000 mah because the hardware architecture is too old and consumes high power. Display quality is really very poor along with internet speed and network suppor...READ MORE",3.0
Very nice mobileProsesor bobalREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile nice battery and also performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Super colour best in priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Best Budget Phone under 8k .Battery 5/5Display 3.5/5Performance 4/5Camera 4/5If your are a gamer increase your budget and get note 8.For average user  the processor is Good Only negative I find is the display quality.Camera is good in this segment.Low light photography is average.READ MORE,5.0
Signal problem battery problemREAD MORE,1.0
Good product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Only battery is good 👍 camera very bad DNT buy if u camera lover if u want only performance n battery then go for itREAD MORE,1.0
Hanging......READ MORE,1.0
"am given 1 out of 5 only for your exchange policy, my old phone rejected for exchanging while there is minor scratch due to back body cover, its very very disappointing me for next future shopping through Flipkart ...READ MORE",5.0
awesome mobile fone value for money this is lowest price fone of 4/64READ MORE,5.0
please don't buy this product very problems in this phone don't buy see the exchange  product in redmii all models avialbe excep that redmi 8 and redmi8 a most worst product in redmi hanging problem laging problem calling problem and also you cannot cast the mobile casting also laging in tha mobile ... screen mirror not worked irresponsible coustomer care in redmi ..and Flipkart please don't buy this producttttREAD MORE,1.0
it hangREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile this price Good mobile Camera 4/5Battery 5/5Display 3/4Sound 4/5READ MORE,4.0
nice phone good facility as per moneybattery is bestREAD MORE,5.0
bveri bad touchREAD MORE,1.0
mobile touch screen is not working properly.. mobile is hangingREAD MORE,2.0
"Very good product no problem. Special 5 star⭐ and thanks to Arif🤗 delivery boy who had returned extra 1000 which was given extra by mistakenly by my colleague, he had retunrned that in 15 min only. Its rear to find loyal and honest people in todays world.READ MORE",4.0
Touch sometimes not workingREAD MORE,5.0
"performance is very bad,touch is not upto the mark, especially key board  menu is wrost.READ MORE",1.0
AMAZING PICTURE QUALITY NICE PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
"totally disappointment with this phone. I have been using redmi Note 3 for three years. No hanging, no any other problems , but this redmi 8 totally different. there is sim connectivity problem, sometime internet going idle. touch screen not working properly, i dont know how to i can solve this.READ MORE",1.0
amazing redmi 8 phone nic look beautiful shine ooosm performanceREAD MORE,5.0
bad performance hung mobileREAD MORE,1.0
Good looking but low processor Nice priceREAD MORE,3.0
premium look Amazing battrey performance type c overall excellent buy.. in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
battery not as per 5000mah and phone hang in just 4 day of useREAD MORE,1.0
nice performanceREAD MORE,4.0
"worst camera quality,worst performanceseriously don't buy this mobileREAD MORE",2.0
Very nice getting quite good with very good priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
camera is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class India's all rounder battery backup is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
very poor performance touch is not working properly it hang on some time. i bought this phone 15 days before but the touch seems to fail sometimes . slow processorREAD MORE,3.0
No notification Led lightREAD MORE,2.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone with big battery 😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
best mobile in 8000READ MORE,5.0
superb phone  bettey bukup good   excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
mobile hanging poor signal quality also speaker issueREAD MORE,1.0
so suparREAD MORE,4.0
Veri nice looking phone backgrounds HD wallpaper..READ MORE,5.0
product is very good but the delivery was very poorREAD MORE,5.0
That's phone after using long time I'm fuond of wrost and heating problemREAD MORE,1.0
"Don't buy this phone because of 4 GB ram availability at this price slot, The Sim slot is not working correctly it automatically disable itself after some U are not able to make calls through this phone until you reboot it. The camera quality is satisfactory.READ MORE",1.0
cons:Network hanging issues when using dual simbad camera (rear& front)slow processorpros:only the great thing is batteryREAD MORE,1.0
It's not good battery is ok but after 10 days battery performancesOverall not ok don't buy it's not dual camera please go for other mobileREAD MORE,1.0
wow what a super design redmi 8...super battery backup nice looking  phone....good job by flipkart...best budget phone under 8kREAD MORE,5.0
don't buy this vaste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
nice prodactREAD MORE,4.0
Not fast charger  full charging in 3 hour complete & mobile slowREAD MORE,1.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
so amazing redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Camera performance very good night and dayREAD MORE,5.0
Worst of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
"good battery 5000and 4/64gb gud and fringer sensors very gudand in camera feature BOKEH, PANAROMA not available THIS MOBILE.over all gud.READ MORE",5.0
"Mobile is very good.Camera,Display, Battery, everything looks good, works awesome.But the processor is not upgraded.READ MORE",5.0
item was very poor camera is not well  & battery phone is after completion charger is over heat plz cancelled my order &refund my moneyREAD MORE,1.0
"Superb, Value of Money,But the Processor is Negative...READ MORE",5.0
camera is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
awesome mobilegood performanceRedmi is always BestREAD MORE,5.0
display quality bad  and not support HD videos please solve this problem to next updateREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobile 📱value for money..READ MORE,5.0
i am too glad to purchase it....READ MORE,5.0
awesome looking phonenice lookbetter performance in this price.over all very good product..READ MORE,5.0
I love it . First thnxx to flipkart. Delivery is very fast. Phone look is very hot .READ MORE,5.0
Looking so beautiful...... Awesome mobile....paisa usul ho gaiya.....such mein...READ MORE,4.0
looking very beautifullong battery backupI am very happy for this phone performanceplaying pubg without any lagREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,5.0
excellent mobile super battery pickkup is i wonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
super fast delivery..and awsome features in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
The best smart phone in the market today. Only drawback is it doesn't have a light indicator for charging.READ MORE,5.0
"Quickest delivery.Good product. user friendly,READ MORE",5.0
Amazing device.. Superb service and excellent build quality.. Good performance..camera quality is also good..READ MORE,5.0
display very dull and camera quality very bad front and back bothREAD MORE,1.0
Camera performance is very very bad in it And one more thing after receiving Redmi 8 it can't be refund in any case...READ MORE,1.0
Most bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Super hit mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very poor display quality very poor phone brightness qualityREAD MORE,1.0
good redmiREAD MORE,5.0
good redmiREAD MORE,5.0
"worst camera with low quality display,this phone not for pubg and selfie camera is very bad....don't buy because of low price.READ MORE",1.0
it's really amazing Mobile....Camera  10/10  Battery   10/10performance 10/10 pubg and COD Game..both 10/10 ❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
awesome product best performance awesome look blue colour thanks you redmi and flipkartlove you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
best camera best battery backup best performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile but no ear phonesREAD MORE,3.0
Touch problemREAD MORE,1.0
The Phone is very good but after using 1 month the phone very much slow and also hang when using phone calls and looking the pictures & playing the games or etc.READ MORE,1.0
"Don't buy this phone it's stopped working after the return policy. First problem phone has restart issue, then the display goes. And at the end batteries get heated. Don't waste your money to buy this product.READ MORE",1.0
Dalivary boy is very bad behaviorREAD MORE,3.0
very great phone for such price . satisfied with the productREAD MORE,5.0
perfect pic click by redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
DON'T BUY THIS REDMI 8 WASTE OF TIME WASTE OF MONEY BETTER THAN BUY REALME 3READ MORE,1.0
camera is soo poor screen is like features Phone screen the dirties phone i ever seenREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product nice design amazing touch screenREAD MORE,4.0
Nice and low price mobileREAD MORE,4.0
nice performance 👍👌👌 super phone camera batteryDisplaysuperrrrr performanceREAD MORE,5.0
very bad redmi 8 mobile phone aal function are old and mobile processor is also old which is running very slow.camera quality like mi 5a that is not clear by camera quality iam unsatisfied.camera quality not in price range I sajest don't buy mi 8READ MORE,1.0
IN THE GIVEN BUDGET THIS MOBILE IS A KILLER.I WOULD SUGGEST TO OTHERS TO BUY THIS MOBILE WITH IN A MONTH OR TWO  CUZ PRICES ARE GOING TO INCREASEREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is acceptable. but video playback is found fully blurring..READ MORE,1.0
not badREAD MORE,2.0
Don't buy this product. Boycott china product.READ MORE,1.0
value for money. best phone in 8000 INR very good battery life. awesome specs.cons.poor camerapoor processorREAD MORE,4.0
"Good phone👌, excellent battery backup and good performance😍READ MORE",5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
video are blurry even at the speed of 45mbps internet speed. disappointed with the video qualityREAD MORE,2.0
camera quality is not to GooDREAD MORE,3.0
"Handset is good, Value for money. But too heavy and bulky. Handset is too fat also.READ MORE",4.0
Camera is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Flipkart very bad shopping experienceREAD MORE,2.0
Disply is very bad poor battery good Vest mobile signal bad other mobils full signal This mobile low signal processor badREAD MORE,2.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
The phone is good but the processor is very badREAD MORE,1.0
After using 2 years it starts hanging.Worst mobile.READ MORE,1.0
Toooooo bad mobile screen problem and mobile heat and not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Good smartphone best Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobile wonderful parfomace it is great an camera is good🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
Nice battery backup 👍👌 good in value priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice battery backup 👍👌 good in value priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice price best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone good look excellent performance but,I didn't get earphoneREAD MORE",5.0
super quality and camera quality lowbudget is ok battery charge in in super 55 minutes hundred percent chargeok I like the mobile budget is okREAD MORE,5.0
"camera quality and Display quality is very bad i didn't expect this. battery is good, performance is also good .READ MORE",4.0
AwsmREAD MORE,5.0
good  workingREAD MORE,5.0
Price nice product very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Review after 3 week...Frist problem is camera should be more effectivesecond major problem is little bit hanging third problem is connecvity.....but according to budget it is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice battary nice picREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile but display so good mobile performance very very good and also good but processor is very slow pubg is not workingREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phone camra quality was very nice and performance is aslo very nice 😍READ MORE,5.0
exlentREAD MORE,5.0
"battery is awesome, camera is good but display is big disappointment, otherwise in this price range Redmi 8 is killer.READ MORE",3.0
Best mobile for this price awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
best phone...mr.subhi_07READ MORE,5.0
Mobile niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile on that period for online classesREAD MORE,5.0
"Battery is getting drain very fast, we we approach for return they are convincing me to keep the phone worstREAD MORE",3.0
Good product very so.smothliy workingREAD MORE,5.0
"Not good mobile for 9.8k, performance is too low .Iam suggested you not to buy itREAD MORE",2.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone 📱 at this budget. Good battery🔋 back up. Good Display Quality. Overall a good mobile phone.READ MORE,4.0
Worst handsetREAD MORE,1.0
This phone gives problems very much waste of money please don't buy this phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Value of money sahi hREAD MORE,5.0
Gd in this range...READ MORE,5.0
"Camera is too bad, I writting this review after 1 yers through same phone overall performance is best but camera is too bad.READ MORE",3.0
Good product...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
A nice phone in this price. value for money.READ MORE,5.0
"Cost is very high, battery backup nod bad , fast charging, cemeara is good , sound is goodREAD MORE",5.0
Nice battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Back panel automatically crack after 3 month.READ MORE,5.0
Good product but costlyREAD MORE,5.0
Overall performance is good as value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone was good for semi used persons not buying for high expectations that much not in this spec. Display was not better, battery performance was good. Money valuable product.READ MORE",4.0
Phone is not that nice. Camera quality is unimpressive. Better mi phones are available in this price segment. Interface seems to be a bit laggy at times. Processor also not upto the markREAD MORE,3.0
Good product.READ MORE,4.0
The back panel painting is very worst paint removed within a month dont buyREAD MORE,2.0
Dont buy.. worthless phone.. hangs a lot and not good performance..waste of moneyREAD MORE,2.0
Very worst battry backupREAD MORE,2.0
Everything is ok...but I think the price is too much high...READ MORE,5.0
UI is not at all good. realme is good UI. Though it is mentioned 5000mah battery it is performing like 3000mah. No option to block senders in SMS.Unnecessary ads displaying after we play local videos. Selfie pics are poor clarity when compared to realme.Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phone but charging is slowREAD MORE,4.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Very good.but price so highREAD MORE,4.0
Fully Worthy in this price range Snapdragon big batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Purchased during lockdown at higher price otherwise good productREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile battery capacity very poor..waste of money..don't buy this type mobile..very disappointed..READ MORE,1.0
Very Good mobile but cost is to highREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyThe back is soo glossy And it's niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Best mobile of redmi , we can play games smoothly and without lag , but it does not have watermark in it , it has dual camera and in this price it is the best product i have ever seen 🥰READ MORE",5.0
Not good quality n function stuck mobile not proper use west of money buy this products.READ MORE,1.0
"Best mobile of redmi , we can play games smoothly and without lag , but it does not have watermark in it , it has dual camera and in this price it is the best product i have ever seen 🥰READ MORE",5.0
Not good quality n function stuck mobile not proper use west of money buy this products.READ MORE,1.0
its worst mobile nd not even network nd wifi is connecting from the 1st day wen i have brought this product its uslessREAD MORE,1.0
Bought one month before only but the finger print sensors are not at all working properly am not getting any proper idea to complain about thisREAD MORE,1.0
WasteREAD MORE,1.0
Bad quality camera & displayREAD MORE,1.0
"*-- kinda screen issueBattery performance is average, not as per 5000 mah.READ MORE",4.0
product is exellent but delivery is very late i have ordered on 16 of august and get it by 30th of this august.READ MORE,5.0
The phone is really good but the main problem is that phones color is removing day by day. The color of the phone is tearing daily..Its so horrible that the enamel gets teared day by day.READ MORE,3.0
"Over all it is good phone, I like the battery backup I would give 4 out of 5 ..When you play games it is hanging, otherwise rest all good.Cheers!!!READ MORE",4.0
Very good product but rate is high. Before lockdown mrp 8000. After lockdown 10000.this is too much.READ MORE,5.0
Did really big mistake.now im suffering a lot.Lot of issues like Network issue.My another mobile vivo y 12s recieve network properly.but this redmi 8 no use for network.tried 2 sims simultaneously but no result.too much weight.camera worstREAD MORE,1.0
Connectivity  problemsREAD MORE,2.0
Waste delivery... Phone not good. Battery life ok.READ MORE,1.0
Network problemREAD MORE,1.0
Not CompartREAD MORE,1.0
Not that goodREAD MORE,3.0
Charger is not working this phone can not be charged by your charger it's horrible experienceREAD MORE,1.0
"Wrost shoped product I have ever faced,much hanging problem even I reported this to filpkart within return policy but not much helpful support ,they are making fool to the customers .READ MORE",1.0
Very bad product battery charging problemREAD MORE,1.0
Not upto the markREAD MORE,1.0
This phone is bed quality network problem alsoREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad camera quality.. dont buy this. Weaste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Now I realised why Redmi is the largest selling mobiles brand. The price & the quality is lncomparable. Redmi 8 is an excellent mobile which can compete with mobiles which are more than three times the price. I fell in love with the device, it's clarity, it's interface etc.READ MORE",5.0
Nice mobileYou will worth it by buying itNice work developersREAD MORE,5.0
best smartphone under 10000READ MORE,4.0
Its okREAD MORE,3.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
wow anipinche mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very vurrest phone except BATTERY LIFEREAD MORE,4.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
wow anipinche mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is not good, very bad and return policy of flipkart is also very badREAD MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone camera is NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Asome mobile phone and it's run pubg up to 80 fbs Hdr+extremeREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied with the product...READ MORE,4.0
Nice battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Normal use have fun with this..READ MORE,4.0
Worst product by a Chinese brand. Data is nor secure with any Chinese brand cel phone.READ MORE,1.0
Very Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Camera was ok ok Battery was good Display was ok okREAD MORE,3.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Mobile for learnersREAD MORE,5.0
Phone works fine. Not value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good battery backup   8000 thousand   worthwhile price   But I purchased mobile 10k  for 64 gb price little bit highREAD MORE,4.0
Ok.. but camera is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"Best Chinese smartphone under 9499.. now price so high,,READ MORE",4.0
Bettery backup is good Camera is averageDisplay quality is poor Performance is ok not too goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone . I bought it once for 7999 . Now price is too highREAD MORE,4.0
Batery backup is aousome......but is ti costlyllREAD MORE,5.0
4 month before 8k but now 10k Phone is good  but amount highREAD MORE,4.0
price is not sufficentREAD MORE,4.0
Colour of mobile near back camera is broken offREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is good .. Due to lockdown the price is too high..READ MORE,4.0
Good mobileDl boy very goodREAD MORE,5.0
The charging is very slow.....It is taking too much of time. Please return this phone...READ MORE,1.0
Awesome👍👍READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
"Good handset , i got this at 9,000.READ MORE",5.0
everything fine but the camera(both) and back panel is the worst qualityi cant recommend to buyREAD MORE,3.0
Hanging problem in New Phone. Battery just go Down from 55% to 2% with in 10 minutes.READ MORE,1.0
"Fraud in Flipkart, my mobile not charging somany times report in our office but not changed my mobile. i am very disturbed my life.READ MORE",1.0
Battery is not good performance as par 5000READ MORE,3.0
Nice mobile Budget friendly Smooth functioningREAD MORE,5.0
Gorilla glass not installedREAD MORE,2.0
Nice but maid in chinaREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this phone This is damage Battery issue and camera issueREAD MORE,1.0
very bad nobile phn dont purchase itREAD MORE,1.0
All over average quality phone. Camera and battery poor quality. Chines apps can't uninstall. Battery work only 5 to 6 hrs. with back cover. No headphones.READ MORE,3.0
Nice pHREAD MORE,4.0
Very low quality redmi all phoneREAD MORE,2.0
"I ordered 4-64 GB variant at 8,999 /-Display is not upto mark.Camera is poor in low lighting condition.Phone lags here and there even on apps like playstore, notification and settings etc.Build quality is average.Consider this phone only if you are getting it for less than 8000/-  rupees.READ MORE",3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
VERY NICE PHONE(4GB+64GB) UNDER 10000IF UR PLANNING TO BUY A PHONE ITS A MUST BUY PHONEREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good but camara quality very bed.......READ MORE,2.0
Don't buy if you are looking for a good camera phone... otherwise everything thing is ok with that..READ MORE,1.0
Very very bad product do not purchase waste of money it's market price is 8000 and charger is  overheating problem and you unable to replace it don't buy this product it's waste of money.READ MORE,1.0
Battery is good remaining all are not worthyREAD MORE,2.0
Hang phoneREAD MORE,3.0
"Camera quality is very poor,,, I wanted to replace but They didn't,, Unnecessary they used to write 10 days replacement policy, nothing they did,,,, Don't buy this phone as per my experience..READ MORE",1.0
Network problemHeating problemREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad quality phone....READ MORE,1.0
"I am giving review after 4 month of use Good but  it lags sometime, heating problem also and many times network got invisible and I have to restart it and it always get heated even in light work also redmi should solve  network issue in its phones in my other phone of samsung their it shows network but in this Phone no network at same time.READ MORE",2.0
Not good don't BuyREAD MORE,1.0
I am very disappointed.... camara selfi and back  camera vry low level... the pics are not clarityREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad performance because free fire jese game smooth graphic me lag ho rhe he redmi your disappointed with meREAD MORE,2.0
Camera performance is so poor. Rear camera nothing ..... Oveall worst product . don't buy this...READ MORE,1.0
Phn is good. But I don't expect it from Flipkart. Flipkart cheat with me. They send me a Chinese product. It is made in China. I really disappointed to seeing it. Delivery boy was very helpful & polite also.next time I don't purchase from FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
"Very bad productWorst battery backup if used for 2-3 hrs continuously,your battery will get over and also mobile will get heated very much(by simple use not playing games) Games like pubg,free fire plz don't buy this phone Very bad phone no good camera.4GB 64GB is only for name its of no use coz its very much heating and battery falling very fast without any use or simple use.READ MORE",1.0
"Best Mobile At this Price Range......But The processor is 2 years old,Redmi 7a got SD439...But Redme 7 Got SDY32...Why this phone and his Younger Brother(Redmi 8a) have the same processor...Let's think about it......READ MORE",5.0
Friends don't buy mobiels are any items in this corona time... they are not giving good service in this corona time... if the product is defect they are not exchangingREAD MORE,1.0
Camera performance is so poor. Rear camera nothing ..... Oveall worst product . don't buy this...READ MORE,1.0
Phn is good. But I don't expect it from Flipkart. Flipkart cheat with me. They send me a Chinese product. It is made in China. I really disappointed to seeing it. Delivery boy was very helpful & polite also.next time I don't purchase from FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
"Very bad productWorst battery backup if used for 2-3 hrs continuously,your battery will get over and also mobile will get heated very much(by simple use not playing games) Games like pubg,free fire plz don't buy this phone Very bad phone no good camera.4GB 64GB is only for name its of no use coz its very much heating and battery falling very fast without any use or simple use.READ MORE",1.0
"Best Mobile At this Price Range......But The processor is 2 years old,Redmi 7a got SD439...But Redme 7 Got SDY32...Why this phone and his Younger Brother(Redmi 8a) have the same processor...Let's think about it......READ MORE",5.0
Friends don't buy mobiels are any items in this corona time... they are not giving good service in this corona time... if the product is defect they are not exchangingREAD MORE,1.0
It's Osm...READ MORE,5.0
OK OK for older personREAD MORE,5.0
"Good to run mobile ,but not better the game performance becouse proceser is low Snapdragon 439 . And My redmi 8 back side colour is brocken .READ MORE",4.0
My new phone redmi 8.....first time charge panrapave charge yerala..... Waste mobileREAD MORE,1.0
Photo shoot in redmi 8READ MORE,4.0
Flipkart delivered me Redmi 8 mobile phone . It's good but useally this Phone comes as we know it's indian Phone like I ordered this because my friend told me this is a indian Phone because he got the same made in India Phone. I shoked when I get this and read back side it's made in china. I really feel shameful .....iam a true Indian my army stood against Chinese army on border. They fight for us Flipkart send me Chinese Phone it's really bad ever experience first time ever. Iam a regular cu...READ MORE,5.0
Low budget awesome smartphones battary life goodREAD MORE,5.0
Price Very longREAD MORE,3.0
Best price best mobile mi8READ MORE,5.0
"Well the product is really nice but they could have improved the processor. I mean redmi 4 and redmi 8 can't have same processor, it contradicts the upgrade.  The thing which bothers me the most is it's UI which will create problems for your device like general hanging. Overall the product is wonderful.READ MORE",4.0
without colour everything is good.....READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Osm mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not give me good result. Always hangREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very slow charging camera is very bad nd 5000 mah battery k bad v dusre jo 4000 mah battery h usse v km chalta h.READ MORE,2.0
Just awsome👌READ MORE,5.0
This product made in chinaREAD MORE,1.0
Product not goodREAD MORE,2.0
"Awesome, best priceREAD MORE",4.0
Dont go with fake reviews Better phone expect screen nd chargerREAD MORE,2.0
Display backwardsREAD MORE,2.0
Phone is good. Little bit heavy. Camera is ok. Build quality is good. Everything is ok but Ekart took it for three days in my nearest hub so I'm really not happy with Ekart service.READ MORE,4.0
Good  performance batteryREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst product , waste of time and waste of money.READ MORE",1.0
Camera and battery quality is very lowREAD MORE,1.0
Mobile Back Design is not good 👊😭READ MORE,1.0
"Phone is not working at low battery, hang sometimes, battery and camera are nice, but display hangs sometimesREAD MORE",2.0
Its awsem.and value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good product nice performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobile but don't trust on flipkart in return or replacementREAD MORE,3.0
Good fhoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't purchase this because while using brighness colour changes ,my frnd mobile also same complaint without automatic brightness mode,READ MORE",3.0
Don't buy redmi 8 ..I am using this phone for last 7 months...it's very laggy...it's lag to normal use also..camera is too poor..in this price range I suggest go for nokia or asusREAD MORE,1.0
Superb phone but processor is not enoughREAD MORE,4.0
3rd class quality Chinese phone don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad battery backup and adopeter is over heating  price also so high very bad product given by flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
It is a good phone with nice processorREAD MORE,5.0
Very superb product it worth the money every one must buy it is the best moble under10000READ MORE,5.0
Best phone in best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is very nice but price too high because this Mobile launching price 7999 but now 9799 compared to narzo 10a better mobile... Go for realme narzo 10aREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile but price is high.. maximum 8k is ok..READ MORE,4.0
Price little bit high.ok not took good.but for daily use ok.processer 439 working very slow.camera not much good.below average.battery good.READ MORE,4.0
Amazing phone in such price!! Battery performance is very gud... Must buy!!READ MORE,5.0
Verry good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Bad prizeREAD MORE,3.0
Charger adopter is not working camera is poor display is not much effectiveREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobile but I buy this mobile 9700rs but at this price not value for money 8500 is the best price for this mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone CAMERA 📷 best performance i think good phone longer battery 24 hour runningREAD MORE,5.0
"The SIM card tray is totally rusted, it may break if it's removed two or three times. I also doubt if the inner portion around it is also rusted. Can you suggest how to go about.READ MORE",1.0
Good phone but it cost Rs1300 more presently.READ MORE,3.0
Charger adopter is not working camera is poor display is not much effectiveREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobile but I buy this mobile 9700rs but at this price not value for money 8500 is the best price for this mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone CAMERA 📷 best performance i think good phone longer battery 24 hour runningREAD MORE,5.0
"The SIM card tray is totally rusted, it may break if it's removed two or three times. I also doubt if the inner portion around it is also rusted. Can you suggest how to go about.READ MORE",5.0
Good phone but it cost Rs1300 more presently.READ MORE,3.0
Amazing Product........value for money......just for regular user and free fire players.....pubg will run but in low graphics.....my advice DONT INSTALL PUBG...in these phone. ....if u want u canREAD MORE,5.0
This product is average in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Thank you flipkart. Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is not good as 5000 mah ..But value. For money is better than othersREAD MORE,4.0
"Price has been increased from 7999/- to 9799/- not at all value for the hiked price tag, very much disappointed on the increase in price other than the mobile is very nice 7999 is the good price for this mobile not 9799/-READ MORE",3.0
GOOD PHONE.READ MORE,5.0
Best budget phone of the planet The phone worth itREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Total experience is satisfactory. Network capacity is very good. At least search for best network when the others failed to do so. As a 5 megapixl front camera, it's not worthy. Back is really very good. Overall it's a good option for low budget.READ MORE",4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Slightly better than Moderate in performance.looks are cool...and battery life is optimal.great deal at this price range.camera is not so powerful but normal.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobile and nice picture; super betetry andREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is very smartREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Slightly better than Moderate in performance.looks are cool...and battery life is optimal.great deal at this price range.camera is not so powerful but normal.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobile and nice picture; super betetry andREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is very smartREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile but display is not gudREAD MORE,4.0
"Good product,,,,but camera and display quality is poor....READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is badREAD MORE,3.0
"Very nice phone. Best phone in this price range, really loved it. Flipkart said that the phone will be within 6 days.it is The goodArrived in 3 days..Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Good mobile but company raising its price incessantlyREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best in classFrom my side its a great value deal Features superbNd main thing processor is gudREAD MORE,5.0
No light indicated given for notifications .. others performance is good.READ MORE,4.0
To Bad paint Paint remove problem outside the cameraREAD MORE,1.0
The best phone I've ever used in this budget range...It's a killer..👍READ MORE,4.0
"I have expected a lot from ths mobile,bt the mobile has worst camera and worst display.i have used many models of mi mobiles,bt this model didn't satisfy me.and the paint of back side have damaged.READ MORE",1.0
Nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picREAD MORE,5.0
Best performance best battery back up awesome experience with redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobile nice batteryREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Super Battery performanceGood CameraBest price 🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
"I was having lot of expectations on this phone.But unfortunately this phone disappointed me.After checking so many things, I purchased this phone.Pros:Battery is superPerformance is fineCons:Heating problem with 30 mins of browsing.Camera is okAudio is okREAD MORE",2.0
Voice calling is not clear to all redmi mobile.READ MORE,2.0
Nice product under budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"Very bad phone, automatically loss of network conecation long time.READ MORE",1.0
Screen was defective and started blinking after few weeks of purchase. Bad quality.READ MORE,1.0
hanging issue occuring 2 times a dayREAD MORE,4.0
Today I am giving a review after 5 months of use ...The camera is fine according to the price ... the phone is heating up very quickly now .. and is also stopping very much while using ...READ MORE,3.0
It good and future phone...READ MORE,4.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent delivery boy. i am very satisfy it.READ MORE,5.0
Value For Budget Miui Is Giving Super Looks & CustomizationREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone for below 10K price range. Worth every paiseREAD MORE,5.0
Very Fast Delivery...But Mobile is too hanging problem and Heating and display is not properly working...Mobile Network is automatically disabled out of network..waste of money...very cheat mobile of Xiaomi...plz don't buy Redmi 8READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice phone is budget range. Aura mirror design looks cool. Battery backup is great. Both cameras does not look so good. Added bloatwares from MI, may be fine for existing MI users.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Camera Quality Good ProfemneceREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 is a value for money product.Just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
nice phone am happyREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice qwality of cameraREAD MORE,4.0
"Good product,camera beast,good quality5 out of 5 Value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PRODUCT 👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Worth for money...READ MORE,5.0
Top brand for mi brandREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PRODUCT 👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Worth for money...READ MORE,5.0
Top brand for mi brandREAD MORE,5.0
Very good redmi 8 phoneGood porformanceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I am happy with this phone📱READ MORE,5.0
don't purchase Redmi 8 very bad quality cameraREAD MORE,1.0
"Superb excellent camera quality ,battery performance is very good ,high quality display Thanku FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
nice money valueREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileCamara also is well good.... Long term  batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Best PHONE value for MONEYREAD MORE,4.0
"Worst experience, phone starts hanging , no bak button works , hang in middle sometime then you have to press power button and then it worksPatheticREAD MORE",1.0
Battery backup is 3day Super BrandI love this phone 👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Display is worst u will always see lines on phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Very good phone battery lasts a long timeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome mobile at this price. But one fault that I found out is that it does not seem to have a LED light that lights up when the handset is being charged. If anyone knows how to activate it (if it actually supports this function), then please post your answer. Thanks.READ MORE",4.0
Very good mobile miREAD MORE,5.0
bettery performance are good and camera quality also good but display are not good overall value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very good phone battery lasts a long timeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome mobile at this price. But one fault that I found out is that it does not seem to have a LED light that lights up when the handset is being charged. If anyone knows how to activate it (if it actually supports this function), then please post your answer. Thanks.READ MORE",4.0
Very good mobile miREAD MORE,5.0
bettery performance are good and camera quality also good but display are not good overall value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very good camera very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Phone in 8000 rsREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is good Camera is not too gud But overall gud productBattery performance is nice Nd gud lookingREAD MORE,4.0
"Ossom, no any other mobile better than this price.camera,battery,screen all are best.thank you xiomiREAD MORE",5.0
"don't know how much to rate its brand new product but on the very first time when I was charging this phone it took 2hr to charge only 3% then I remove n connect again ... now it works properly, second thing when i was scrolling down on youtube while playing a video it forcefully scrolling downward even if I'm scrolling up (this same problem with my 7yr old Samsung mobile) it just 4 days oldREAD MORE",2.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this price. It has some cons like slow processor n slow finger sensor. Otherwise it's a good product with good battery back up n storage capacity ☺READ MORE,4.0
Wast of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product and good cemera QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for age over 50READ MORE,4.0
Awesome...Thanks Redmi Smart phone...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone.Best for the priceOverall it gives a good performance and MI has given their best for price range.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product and good cemera QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for age over 50READ MORE,4.0
Awesome...Thanks Redmi Smart phone...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone.Best for the priceOverall it gives a good performance and MI has given their best for price range.READ MORE,5.0
Best budget phone in price range of 8k. Best for students and mothers. Only con is bulky mi and third party app notifications.READ MORE,4.0
Very good at price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone at this price pointREAD MORE,5.0
Good at this price segmentREAD MORE,4.0
I am using this phone from last 20 days. I am totally disappointed with this phone. Camera is below than average specially in low light. But my concern is its processing capability. This phone is having lagging issue. It's getting hanged while taking it on loudspeaker Or using multiple apps. Touch is also not that good. I was using earlier MotoG5 plus which is far better than this phone in every aspect. This is the over rated phone introduce by mi. I had bought first time mi phone for my pers...READ MORE,3.0
Purchased this device for battery performance and it does that.. but the main problem is device is slow due to low processor.READ MORE,4.0
phone is good but exchange process is so worost i have give a exchange a f3 which is in brand new condition but i have paid extra 1000 for small 0.1 mm small scratch which is almost negotiable flipkart always flips on its on promises really dissapointedREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Phone but camera quality not Well.Battery performance Very niceValue for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks to Flipkart and MIREAD MORE,5.0
"super duper Mobile , at this price,, amazing at the three slot, mind blowing.thanks flipkart....READ MORE",5.0
Good product.nice workingREAD MORE,4.0
"Good for starters like 1st mobile , or for people dont play games , battery is awesome, finally  good mobile , value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Very good product nice priceREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money superb smartfone with 64 gb internal space.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice Mobile nice camera, battery performance good,nice packing thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
nice mobile by redmi in this price range full paisa wasoolREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't buy this , bad experiance ever. Iam using this mobile since 8 months , after buying from 1 month iam facing many software problems now the bluetooth is not working properly due to software issueREAD MORE",1.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
"not good with battery backup otherwise everything good in 7,999READ MORE",3.0
nice camera and battery performanceREAD MORE,4.0
"value of money super phone , camera betterREAD MORE",5.0
super set on this price value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phone.READ MORE,5.0
battery is well performance but  camera bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
wellREAD MORE,5.0
super set on this price value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phone.READ MORE,5.0
battery is well performance but  camera bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
wellREAD MORE,5.0
Poor camREAD MORE,4.0
Display low qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone with best picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
super performance phone excellentREAD MORE,5.0
"not gud at this price,bcoz camera quality is very badREAD MORE",3.0
battery  backup is so good but speed is too slow also camera quality is very poor....unsatisfied.READ MORE,3.0
Best mobile mid range supr performance. 4 gb 64 gbREAD MORE,5.0
"This Products are very bad quality, we used only 4 days with Heating Issue & Display performance is very bad, many lines are showing in the mobile screen. please don't west your money.READ MORE",1.0
Super mobile phone battery backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
best in reasonable valueREAD MORE,4.0
"Product is very good, camera clarity, battery backup is excellent. audio is superb. value for money in this budget. Only thing is poor service from flipkart. Criteria defined in the site is one and followed is different by the delivery personREAD MORE",3.0
great product by flipkart.value for money..READ MORE,5.0
sorry but displayREAD MORE,5.0
Best Budget Phone By it's Performance and BatteryREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Network problems of a phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
same problem same issue not clearfuture not get mi productbad experienceREAD MORE,2.0
super camara nice productREAD MORE,5.0
A1 cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
nice photonice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
mobil hanging problemREAD MORE,2.0
nice given transperent mobile cover also for price 7999READ MORE,5.0
fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
This Price good smart mobile Camera is niceREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is correct but the camera does not have a natural picture in the low display quality ( but realme 3i vs Redmi 8 buy Redmi 8 now)READ MORE,4.0
Sahi h bro..READ MORE,5.0
head. phones not comeREAD MORE,1.0
After 1 month usage i make this review first of all its very nice mobile in budget segment below 8000 all specifications mention in description working fine but there are two nagative points the first one some times little bit hanging problem and the next one is when i try to hangup ongoing calls some times touch not responding.. Anyway Thanks to Flipkart..READ MORE,4.0
Phone sometime hanging.READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
display quality very boreREAD MORE,1.0
Must mobile hai bhaiREAD MORE,5.0
"Camera is decent and other features of the phone are also as expected. but only after a few days of use, the phone starts to hang while using or taking calls. Not expected such performance after immediate purchase of phone.READ MORE",2.0
bed experienceREAD MORE,1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone ♥️READ MORE,5.0
NICE LOOKS AND AWESOME👏✊👍 BATTERY🔋 BACKUPREAD MORE,5.0
awsome mobile at this rateREAD MORE,5.0
i love itREAD MORE,4.0
Its a budget phone and i am satisfied with the battery and sound quality specially. The Delivery is also very cool by Flipkart as it was second attempt to be delivered.READ MORE,5.0
phone is good performance but camera is poorREAD MORE,4.0
"sometimes  the phone does not work when touch it, and the touch work only if the phone locked and  turned ON  . The issue can seen incoming call or outgoing call time ending time this time fully touch not workREAD MORE",3.0
nice hand set camera quality is low try camera quality is betterREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneybest budget phone in this price.READ MORE,4.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
This is a good start phone of lowest priceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile in this price.I buy 3 mobile to our family.READ MORE,4.0
In this price range best mobile with 4 gb ram and 64 gb rom.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Gud mobit lower priceREAD MORE,4.0
Great looks.. A definite buy in at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Worth buy. Excellent.READ MORE,5.0
"The screen becomes unresponsive at times, especially right after calls.READ MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Gud mobit lower priceREAD MORE,4.0
Great looks.. A definite buy in at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Worth buy. Excellent.READ MORE,5.0
"The screen becomes unresponsive at times, especially right after calls.READ MORE",1.0
I'm facing some hanging problem some time ..phone unlocking was not up to mark..READ MORE,2.0
touch problemREAD MORE,2.0
best mobile with best price. number 1 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
best phone in this price range osm product thnxx flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Best Budget Smartphone...Itne Me Itna Hi Milta Hai😁😉READ MORE,4.0
i had purchase 23 nov 2019 and after 7 day use this device my opinion for this device . 1... camera bad quality and also very slowness bcz my first priority for is camara at the time of purchasing so i m very disappointed and back camera out set of phone. and ir blaster not working and i applied raplace my mobile  but according to technician it is ok bcz he suggest it is up to date phone so it is not working for and cable operator set-up and also camera it ok bcz he compare to other mi phone ...READ MORE,1.0
Very nice pic on the mobile.READ MORE,5.0
nice phonegoodperformREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product money seffREAD MORE,4.0
"I've rated the product considering the price. If you keep the SD439 aside, the overall product is a blockbuster. camera is good. Battery is mind-blowing, atleast better than my other high battery phones. Good build quality, display is awesome, corning Gorilla glass 5 afterall!Attached a few camera samples!READ MORE",5.0
Everything is good... camera is badREAD MORE,3.0
Please don't buy a mobile it's getting hang after 7 week money wasteREAD MORE,2.0
"nice product,delivery is so fast,READ MORE",4.0
please don't buy this product!this phones camera quality is very poor!the phone's camera is very very very poor! 😠READ MORE,3.0
Wow Nice CameraREAD MORE,5.0
A cool device in this price 😎😎😎READ MORE,4.0
awesome is everythingREAD MORE,5.0
nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
display quality very badREAD MORE,2.0
little bit slowerREAD MORE,3.0
Good in budget phone with no better camREAD MORE,4.0
this phone very good long battery life funtastic phone very nice picREAD MORE,5.0
phone hanging and low camera quantityREAD MORE,2.0
"There is a continuous problem of the device being kaggy and it hangs, even after factory resetREAD MORE",2.0
Processor 439 is not enough to this phone.READ MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
"my Redmi 8 mobile is not happy me because this phone is display problems, phone hanging problems, this phone is my xprions is third class and I recveste company but my phone problems company not solvedREAD MORE",1.0
Nice mobile in nice priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice performance...READ MORE,4.0
it's good deal in 8000k..main part is 4 GB ram & 64 GB rom with 5000mah battery backup what more do u expect in 8000 from mi.. camera is ok..must buy if your budget is under 8000k.READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
camera best good product valueREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Device for low BudgetREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi is the best 📱. Awesome product...READ MORE,5.0
flipkart fast delivery I'm happy with flipkart but mobile battery backup isn't goodREAD MORE,3.0
"Best serve at this price. Why redmi can't produce a lots so everyone can have it easily. It's boring to wait for the sale date and time. Anyways, thanks redmi...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's excellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superrb phone battery drain too slowREAD MORE,5.0
standered lookingREAD MORE,5.0
the display quality is very bad . and I am not satisfied with it . it's very worst quality . and I am not say anyone to buy this phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good product nice battery🔋 backup good priceREAD MORE,4.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
valuable product battery backup 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
good camera and good performance mobile looking niceREAD MORE,5.0
overall good phone for average peopleREAD MORE,5.0
Fine budget phone @7999READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good camera and good performance mobile looking niceREAD MORE,5.0
overall good phone for average peopleREAD MORE,5.0
Fine budget phone @7999READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
wonderfull phone with fantastic camera and longlasting battery with type c support games run smoothlu without any lag and also many feature which give great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
very good and best price phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Budget Phone on This PriceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice set working smoothly and awesome colour.READ MORE,5.0
Delivery took time but phone is fantastic... Gifted this phone to my dadREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product best priceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is awesome and you get easily 2 days of back up with single charge. only drawback is it doesn't support WiFi with 5GHz support. so anyone looking for high speed (more than 40 Mbps) internet needs to reconsider buying this.READ MORE,4.0
Mobile is best for Rs.-7999 at 4 gb rom and 64 gb ram...READ MORE,5.0
must buy phone at this price segment... like it forever...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Mobil eREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile with best camera and RAMREAD MORE,5.0
suparbREAD MORE,4.0
processor is worst in redmi series. only 440 SG. YOU CAN'T EVEN PLAY PUBG! because it lacks a lot. But battery backup is very good.READ MORE,3.0
wonderful best performanceREAD MORE,5.0
battery is not good..camera not better work...but price and ram it most to this range thanku flipkart but i am not happy to this product...READ MORE,3.0
super mobile 7999 betrry backup verry good...READ MORE,5.0
display so negativeREAD MORE,4.0
"mi product is good, must buy,but experience with Flipkart is worst,Customer dealing is more worst,No any positive response on telecall from customer carefirstly shown 10%instant discount but actually it does not given,called many time but call not transfering to senior authoritymanagement team,customer is suffering from worst support.READ MORE",3.0
wonderful mobileREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
super mobile 7999 betrry backup verry good...READ MORE,5.0
display so negativeREAD MORE,4.0
"mi product is good, must buy,but experience with Flipkart is worst,Customer dealing is more worst,No any positive response on telecall from customer carefirstly shown 10%instant discount but actually it does not given,called many time but call not transfering to senior authoritymanagement team,customer is suffering from worst support.READ MORE",3.0
wonderful mobileREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superb phone best priceREAD MORE,5.0
super quality super speedREAD MORE,5.0
Display very bad and Canara also not good and automatically restar every 1hourREAD MORE,2.0
superb phone in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
not capable to receive the signals for all the networksREAD MORE,2.0
Best price phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile but cemara quality is not better then other mobilesREAD MORE,5.0
nice budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
super mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very good product in this price range.....READ MORE,5.0
Everything is good... Battery drains very slowly... it was good........ But the Main Problem is Full Battery Charging Time is Very Long... It Takes 3 1/2 hours Time For Full Battery Charging... I don't know why they give 18w Fast Charging OptionREAD MORE,2.0
I think the phone was used because in chrome there was bad site was in historyREAD MORE,3.0
"average processor, facing hanging issue occationaly, finger print response is slow,   green colour phon not good lookingREAD MORE",3.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phone.READ MORE,5.0
camera is not very much goodREAD MORE,3.0
overall very nice phone within the given budget...just one thing that there is no notification light available on the phone..READ MORE,4.0
Nice phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product Redmi 8 I am Very HappyREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"need some updates in camera,otherwise other phone likes realme 3,mi 7s() good phone in this priceREAD MORE",5.0
"Network problem,and internet speed is very slow in the same region where other mobile capture full network strength.....READ MORE",3.0
nice product for 8000 rupees..READ MORE,5.0
poor performanceREAD MORE,2.0
Mobil is very good camera is very good batary is mind blowing but earphone pin is very luse in this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
this phone was so amazing.. just love it😍😍😍 and most valuable for money##READ MORE,5.0
excellent bro low budget best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
it's osm bt processing is lowREAD MORE,5.0
please provide a headset port @ top of the mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"As per brand, performance of touch screen and processor is not upto mark.Bad experienceSorry to sayREAD MORE",2.0
"Nice budget phone, all things is average but I am not satisfied it's display, down portion display light is low than uper portion display.....READ MORE",4.0
Nice mobile value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Good productValue for money I get 7999READ MORE,5.0
Awesome battery backup niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
super hot mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good phone best quality battery backup awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup is very good ...sound is very nice ....good service for flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
Infinix Hot 8 is Better Than redmi 8 Worst Front Camera In redmi 8..READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
not satisfyREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bad mobileREAD MORE,1.0
mind-blowingREAD MORE,5.0
supper phonREAD MORE,5.0
worth of money..READ MORE,5.0
battery backup is superb....but we have to book it within a seconds..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
budget mobileREAD MORE,4.0
super mobile in thise prise.... Nice mobile in 8000/-READ MORE,5.0
Nice and powerful smartphone under 8K Battery amazingREAD MORE,5.0
super mobile awesome display the best smartphone in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
budget mobileREAD MORE,4.0
super mobile in thise prise.... Nice mobile in 8000/-READ MORE,5.0
Nice and powerful smartphone under 8K Battery amazingREAD MORE,5.0
super mobile awesome display the best smartphone in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at 8K with 4 GB and 64GBREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone look full displayREAD MORE,5.0
To good mobile on this Price coolREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone by redmi Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for this price range... Apart from Display and camera. It’s very good phone for this budget. Battery doesn’t last longer as it’s 5000 mAh.READ MORE,5.0
processor is very poorREAD MORE,2.0
good cameragood batterygood displaygood batteryREAD MORE,5.0
"good product nice performancegood bettry. beckup 3 day running,good display hd+READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice product in better price, So I advise to buy this mobile.READ MORE",5.0
charming look .......green is fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 🥰READ MORE,5.0
gud phnREAD MORE,5.0
Nic but prosser is weak but nic on this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality for enough moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"front and back camera not good,  battery good 8hrs heavy use , performance average, sound good,  overall okREAD MORE",3.0
super..😍😍🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
camera is fault but all is wellREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,1.0
Redmi 8 Good PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile @ price 8000thanks mi india.READ MORE,5.0
good product value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
green color is BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't read any comments...Just buy it , A fantastic device of 4GB RAM @ 7999....READ MORE",5.0
nice product i am very happy this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Build quality is good.In this price segment nice phone.Go for itBattery back up is one day with heavy use,Camera is ok, and performance is well also.Thanks flipkart early delivery during sale.READ MORE",4.0
Nice product thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
comfort in handREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied purchasedREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is goodbattery is excellentcamera is so sotype c fast chargingGood phone 4gb ram 64gb Romin 7999READ MORE,4.0
camera is not too goodREAD MORE,1.0
just go for it....😍♥️🤩READ MORE,5.0
Good product in this priceI am very happy thank you filipkart☺️READ MORE,4.0
"yes, this is the thing what I was looking from long time under my budget. only the cons is brightness of display, its low in sunlight, otherwise 10 out of 10.I was only disappointed by ear speaker and ringer volume. I have bought many smart phones and always disappointed by volume because I'm working in noisy place and traveling in city most.Now this phone has solved my problem with high level of ring volume and ear speaker helped in noisy atmosphere.Thank you RedmiThank you Flipkart to s...READ MORE",4.0
PLAY PUBG WITH NO LAGS... BATTERY POWER WAS AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
"if you are purchasing this handset For camera, then let me tell you this, try redmi 7s.READ MORE",2.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"best mid range phone for non gamers, with huge battery. Redmi is always awesome, however the internet connectivity and processor is the worst part of this mobile, camera is ok ok. suitable for non internet user.READ MORE",5.0
good for who do not use excessively phoneREAD MORE,4.0
excellent phone .... mirror design is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome display and amazing phone it is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing phone at this budget Camera is brilliantBattery is a beastDisplay is goodMany may think that the processor is old ,that is only a issue if you play high graphics gamesOverall terrific phoneREAD MORE",5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
good for who do not use excessively phoneREAD MORE,4.0
excellent phone .... mirror design is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome display and amazing phone it is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing phone at this budget Camera is brilliantBattery is a beastDisplay is goodMany may think that the processor is old ,that is only a issue if you play high graphics gamesOverall terrific phoneREAD MORE",5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone in the budget.READ MORE,5.0
"1) processor is not that much powerful when compared to reame5, redmi note 7s.So if you spend 1000 Rs more you can buy realme5 or redmi note 7s2)The phone looks good, and gets dual camera,fingerprint scanner, face unlock when compare to Redmi 8a3) It  nearly takes more than 2 hrs to charge this device, because of huge battery and you will get 5V(2A) charger in the box.4)The most Important thing is Beware of ads, third party apps (paytm,amazon) and lot of preinstalled mi apps you can uninst...READ MORE",4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
good one in cheap prize ..READ MORE,5.0
Value For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good Quality product but picture quality so not goodREAD MORE,4.0
good product but camera is poor XiaomiREAD MORE,4.0
Good product under 8k.poor camera qualityREAD MORE,3.0
black colour best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"best for phone under 8k, I love very much, garib kap honeREAD MORE",5.0
i never dream that i get the phone in this price everything done flipkart thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
awzm phoneREAD MORE,3.0
black colour best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"best for phone under 8k, I love very much, garib kap honeREAD MORE",5.0
i never dream that i get the phone in this price everything done flipkart thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
awzm phoneREAD MORE,3.0
I give it 3 because...in the dark the face lock is not working...hang issues.... processer not stronger that's why the problem...READ MORE,3.0
phone was not as much speed of 2 gb mobile. . even it was not competing note 3 mobile which has 2 gb ram. .very slow performance. .except charging remaining was equal to note 3 . .missing lot of features like notification light . .voice call clarity . .etcREAD MORE,2.0
super mobile in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome project.Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Superb mobile phone under 8kREAD MORE,4.0
really good...READ MORE,5.0
very nice phn gift for my loveREAD MORE,5.0
all is well thanks redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Should come with quick charger.READ MORE,4.0
wow Awesome productAwesome batteryAwesome qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
fast delivery and good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
value for money product..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome phone for my parents!!!READ MORE,5.0
veery good mobile battery backup nice overall good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
fast delivery and good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
value for money product..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome phone for my parents!!!READ MORE,5.0
veery good mobile battery backup nice overall good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phone ...battery backup is very good...display  is awesome.... design awesome..4gb ram 64 GB internal .... dual 4g +micro SD card supportedREAD MORE,5.0
In This Price It's Nice PhoneREAD MORE,3.0
Mobile os good and pubg also kk and hangs for large games can expect more from snapdragon 435 and camera is not good it is duel cemara but photos are not clear.READ MORE,3.0
awesome phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
good product for this money velueREAD MORE,5.0
"awasome phone,lowbudjet,great phone, value for money. Thank you flipkart,& miREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome phone... thanks to Redmi and most specially Flipkart for fast delivery👍READ MORE,5.0
good phone 👍👍&   nice battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
best phon in under 8kREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
battery 5starcamera5startotally value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
I love this product  in this range...superb mobile go for it without doubtingREAD MORE,5.0
nice smartphone as bujet it is bestREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money,but could be more better...READ MORE",4.0
product is too good at the price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
superb phone. take itREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Purchased it for dad, if u play heavy games it is not for u, little bit disappointed bcz of snapdragon 439 chipset, otherwise this smartphone is best in this price.READ MORE",4.0
NCY PRODUCT IN BUDGETREAD MORE,5.0
"awesm.valuable money.with good sound.good quality camera,I think dis is the best phone ever less amount😍READ MORE",5.0
Haven't check the device. But the build quality excellent. I will update the other details soon.READ MORE,4.0
Superb Phone...!!READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
camera is worst in this price range but except that everything is good & would suggest to invest 2k more and go for better phone than this.READ MORE,5.0
such a awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
go for it just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Lag problem Hang problem Slow touch screenREAD MORE,2.0
nice phone under this price pretty big screen and gives a premium feeling.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Camra verry poor qwality app is verry slow working batry backup good proceser is verry slowREAD MORE,1.0
Oh my god redmi no word to say ur marketing strategy i purchased 1st time and sell in olx next day very disappointed with ur operating system and 4 gb ram 2nd day using and your phone hanging started. Speaker quality also not good sound is not coming in the market place when someone calling.READ MORE,1.0
"worst mobile.camera is very bad, Youtube video quality also very bad..READ MORE",1.0
camera quality is very low no value of moneywort productno return policyREAD MORE,1.0
Display is very bad .. viewing angles are not good .. Phone hangs some timesREAD MORE,1.0
camera quality is very lowREAD MORE,3.0
nice camera..READ MORE,4.0
superb quality of the phone nice displayREAD MORE,5.0
NICE PRODUCT....FOR EVERYBODYREAD MORE,5.0
thanks to flip cart for delivery and also ekart wish master.redme 8 display size is 6.22 inches is lesthan the asus zenfone pro max m1 5.99 inchesREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobile nice camera  battery super gameing superREAD MORE,5.0
"Little bit problem when using with full screen mode..,suddenly stopped working and get automatically reboot.. otherwise it's just amazing!READ MORE",4.0
"Good Condition.... Camera Average, Display Average, not Full HD or 4k video supported. Performance quite Good, Battery life Good..... Overall in this price, it is very much appreciable,  I would definitely recommen for All of you guys, who are thing to have it.READ MORE",4.0
Good battery backup and 👍READ MORE,5.0
Battery is very bad 4-5 hours use mobile data live video 360p in YouTube battery low (100%-0%)I don't recommend redmi phone because battery quality is not betterREAD MORE,3.0
Very bad mobileREAD MORE,1.0
worst display and battery heatREAD MORE,1.0
No answer from the customer care it's is not in a satisfied I getting very anger and I cannot do any work I know my wrong is that I got from flipkart it is my fault only I need to beat me myself only.READ MORE,1.0
Nice phone but price highREAD MORE,4.0
It is good as a phone but not eligible for gaming .Some bugs will appear when you play high graphical games like pubg and free fire etc.READ MORE,4.0
Very bad mobileREAD MORE,1.0
worst display and battery heatREAD MORE,1.0
No answer from the customer care it's is not in a satisfied I getting very anger and I cannot do any work I know my wrong is that I got from flipkart it is my fault only I need to beat me myself only.READ MORE,1.0
Nice phone but price highREAD MORE,4.0
It is good as a phone but not eligible for gaming .Some bugs will appear when you play high graphical games like pubg and free fire etc.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"After using 4 months I'm writing the review.I brought this phone @7,999 . Price is awesome battery backup is also awesome. But the display and the touch pad is very very poor quality. I would say worst quality. After using 2-3 months you will definitely face Display Problem , Hang problem and Touch pad  problem.It's better , I'll suggest go for Oppo and Vivo.READ MORE",3.0
very poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"The phone is very heating and,on heating time loss mobile network,this is a big problem on this phoneREAD MORE",3.0
1 Heated very much2 Charging speed very slow almost 5 hour to full charge3 Worst cameraREAD MORE,2.0
Price increases in lockdown.READ MORE,2.0
This is very bad product camera is very bad and this is not fast charge and it's battery is also badREAD MORE,2.0
Best budget phoneI brought it for 7999rs but now it is costly...I think for 8000rs it is the best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,1.0
Price is too highREAD MORE,2.0
REDMI 8 PROSBUDGET SMART PHONEGOOD CAMERAGOOD DISPLAYEXSTRA GOOD BATTERY GOOD PERFORMANCEGOOD LOOKSSTYLISH KA BAAAAAAPP...CONSNO CONS....🤣READ MORE,4.0
Best budget phoneI brought it for 7999rs but now it is costly...I think for 8000rs it is the best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,1.0
Price is too highREAD MORE,2.0
REDMI 8 PROSBUDGET SMART PHONEGOOD CAMERAGOOD DISPLAYEXSTRA GOOD BATTERY GOOD PERFORMANCEGOOD LOOKSSTYLISH KA BAAAAAAPP...CONSNO CONS....🤣READ MORE,4.0
After use of 3 months mobile backside colour automatically removedIt's very big mistake.Mi company work like cheap in build qualityREAD MORE,3.0
camera so maha bakwas.... display bakwas 🙄READ MORE,1.0
very good mobile excellent batari nice camera but no flash in front camera.READ MORE,5.0
amazing build quality and super display with best in class camera .READ MORE,5.0
value for money💰 nice  performance 👍good battery life ✌️READ MORE,4.0
good modiles good batteryREAD MORE,4.0
nice phone  nice batteryREAD MORE,5.0
BEST PRICE GOOD PERFORMANCEREAD MORE,5.0
I am big fan for MI. thanks to Flipkart MI.. good quality value for money.. extraordinary design incredible... redmi note 8 8000 budget... my father gift...READ MORE,5.0
THIS MOBILE VERY BAD QUAILITY DISPLAY NOT WORKINGREAD MORE,1.0
Good but not best in the value of 8000READ MORE,5.0
Great product at affordable price... Display: very goodCamera: great at this pricePerformance : MakkhanDesign : simply awesomeBattery: FabulousBest budget smartphone9/10READ MORE,5.0
This is not badREAD MORE,1.0
super mobile is redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
everything is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobile and camera superbREAD MORE,5.0
"phone is very good display not good(average) but this price out of 5 stars, battery performance is excellent,This phone not to buy high users,not for gamming lovers& camara lovers.READ MORE",4.0
not good phoneREAD MORE,2.0
product is very good battery back up is good thankyou flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
Designed are not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Bad Camera Quality...And All r right....READ MORE,4.0
"over all looks and feel is good, but charging process is too much late as some where I read specifications, this mobile charging is fast. but not at all, its take 2.5 to 3 hours time to charge. so I have give 3 star for only charger issue. company didn't provide turbocharger, disappointed.READ MORE",3.0
all nice value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
look is very beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
good phone camera quality is best mi best phone prise&qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in the price range. I am happy with itREAD MORE,5.0
8000 range this phone is brilliantREAD MORE,5.0
Network coverage is poorREAD MORE,2.0
All perfect but Processor Snapdragon 439 Expected by  636 & 660READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
super amazing phone.READ MORE,5.0
Value for money best budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
camera and Display Quality very poorREAD MORE,1.0
it is interesting to use ....READ MORE,5.0
Heating and hanging problem this device not proper processor very very slow very poor productREAD MORE,2.0
camera or performance not value for moneyREAD MORE,2.0
not good battery life is very badREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Highly recommended!                                                 Nice Phone under budget with good features.display should have been little better..READ MORE,5.0
good parfomansREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
ClassicalREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazingREAD MORE,5.0
After 1 yers use phon is goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
ClassicalREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
It's amazingREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
After 1 yers use phon is goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Color falls near the lightREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice👏😊READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile and all is good. Worth Of rupees. But Delivery one day late.READ MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very worst mobile I used my life...READ MORE,1.0
Nice mobailREAD MORE,3.0
I ordered this mobile for my neighborhood... Battery complaint and charge drops soon... They not informed me in return period.. Now 10500 waste of money.. It is not charging and no option to return this mobile back...READ MORE,1.0
Thanks u flipkartVery nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good performance and better in that priceREAD MORE,5.0
Product is nice. But flip cart protection  service is worst😌😌READ MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Phone please recoveryREAD MORE,5.0
Bad product after 2 month it can't work properly total wasteREAD MORE,2.0
Not recommendREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad product. Fingerprint are not workingAll time mobile r hitting. Very very bad productDon't buy any mi phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Worst product I ever seen It seems to be that it colour palesREAD MORE,2.0
Battery is good for few months only. Not satisfied with batteryREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice👏😊READ MORE,5.0
Amazing mobile at this rate.. Delivery speed was actually very good... It reached before expecting delivery date and service is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"It was awesome phone in low budget when I bought it Nov, 2019 after waiting for months after launch..worth for money...I  have come for review in late so that after using  I can review it..Problems begin after using 1 year 7 months..I am using still now..I will tell you when my phone will stop working..READ MORE",5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile and all is good. Worth Of rupees. But Delivery one day late.READ MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
MasterpieceREAD MORE,5.0
Its goodREAD MORE,4.0
Comfortable mobile nice mobile wonderful mobile but sound is very top tipREAD MORE,5.0
Good one but not bestREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Even not heavy load but heating problem with in 6 monthsREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone. Performing well.taken for my father.Battery is too good. Mobile charger is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
good performance and better in that priceREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is nice but phone is very heatingREAD MORE,4.0
Product is nice. But flip cart protection  service is worst😌😌READ MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This is great phone to buy in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good Mobile phone..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
You can buyREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
I'm using this phone 9 month but thik product using for bad 👎 bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Please don't buy this phone.... zero performance.. waste of money...READ MORE,2.0
Good boy good service... I am Impress...READ MORE,5.0
"The color cotting of phone is not good ,the color from back side is removed after sometimeREAD MORE",3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Outdated mobile.READ MORE,3.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Wrost product.READ MORE,3.0
Bettery and deshpley are most super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
The best thing is that it has gorilla Glass 5 and it doesn't have scratches till nowAnd the worst thing is that it supports 18w but in the box there is 10w chargeeREAD MORE,4.0
Its goodREAD MORE,4.0
Comfortable mobile nice mobile wonderful mobile but sound is very top tipREAD MORE,5.0
Good one but not bestREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Even not heavy load but heating problem with in 6 monthsREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone. Performing well.taken for my father.Battery is too good. Mobile charger is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst mobileREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Best for priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Worst flipkart.. Wate of money they gave already used product.READ MORE,1.0
OKREAD MORE,4.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Job....READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product. you should buy this product. Thanks flipkart and mi redmi company ♥️♥️ .i play easily free fire game.READ MORE,5.0
Nice and good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
A very good productREAD MORE,5.0
After one year my mobile was stuck and display problem don't buy this mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Totally satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Charging problemREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"This phone not good for gaming, camera is not good,and battery life is some goodREAD MORE",2.0
Nice priductREAD MORE,5.0
"I have bought this Redmi 8 phone for my mother, it is awesome product, completed more than one year, no issue with the product.Battery more than 1.5 day,Voice good,Service and performance no issue reported yet.Needless to say I have more than 10 product of Redmi, every product having its own benefit,***** For Everything.READ MORE",5.0
Network sistam vari badREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Best for priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Worst flipkart.. Wate of money they gave already used product.READ MORE,1.0
OKREAD MORE,4.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Job....READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product. you should buy this product. Thanks flipkart and mi redmi company ♥️♥️ .i play easily free fire game.READ MORE,5.0
Nice and good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good product...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Too bad,After using 6 month it's not working properly in hand of simply using person.Then we can understand how will be for young people 😀READ MORE",1.0
Good but my mobile stolen by a personREAD MORE,4.0
Good product this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product hang problemREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Totaly disappointed,colour ,back panel all are rubishREAD MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product...I am very very happy.. Thank you flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
super 💓😘READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
VeryREAD MORE,5.0
Super very good quvality protuctsREAD MORE,5.0
No. 1 mobile redmi note 8 ram 4 g b 64 so beautiful✨✨READ MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
AvgREAD MORE,2.0
back panel coating was broken downREAD MORE,2.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Not good product after use of 6 month brightness will automatically slow down and also hang the phone, it is totally waste of money  I suggest you all  pls not bought this phoneREAD MORE",2.0
Good phone for gifting your grandparents.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice ph,, camera not goodREAD MORE",5.0
"There is lot of defects in dis phone , as u use den only u come to know...READ MORE",1.0
It's back colour gets vanishedREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phone 📱READ MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I suggest you to buy realme narzo 30a it's better then redmi..............READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Working smoothly even after using more than 6 monthsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good but some times giving troubleREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
njceREAD MORE,5.0
Gud goingREAD MORE,5.0
I love it...READ MORE,5.0
Battery low hoti sharki and its latest problem is a phone display touch  then Mobile switch offREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc phone at this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
The phone is not working well and the screen is not working too. So badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad mobile... some time hanging problemREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent product camera, processor battery are awesome  and the rate of mabile is also good as compare to mobile 👍👍👍READ MORE",5.0
The camera is decent.The battery is awesome display is also good overall a good phone under 8k loved it.READ MORE,4.0
Value of money  batter capacity duperREAD MORE,5.0
AvgREAD MORE,2.0
back panel coating was broken downREAD MORE,2.0
"Very good , I'm using it since 2years,and its works very softREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good running 2ersREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought again 2 time but this product dispointed. By quailty, feature , display, hanging issue.etc.READ MORE",3.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
I love thisVery very nice phoneI am Fully satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I suggest you to buy realme narzo 30a it's better then redmi..............READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Working smoothly even after using more than 6 monthsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good but some times giving troubleREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
njceREAD MORE,5.0
Gud goingREAD MORE,5.0
I love it...READ MORE,5.0
Battery low hoti sharki and its latest problem is a phone display touch  then Mobile switch offREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Battery setREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
This is very good mobile phone. no hang problem.READ MORE,5.0
Third class mobile continously getting hang and as well as button issueREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice👍READ MORE,5.0
Heat problemREAD MORE,1.0
Good at this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Worst mobile everREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is very poor. Otherwise it's a good productREAD MORE,3.0
Thanks for Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
It was good👍READ MORE,4.0
They display is way too bad and performance doesn't worth the price tho. The colour of back panel fades just in 2 monthsREAD MORE,3.0
Good pis in this price range.READ MORE,4.0
Best in this price.READ MORE,4.0
Very nice productThanks to flipkart ❤READ MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile nice battery back up good cameria andREAD MORE,5.0
Wast mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
In short a good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone 😃READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very bad experience with this phone,Do not open screen in single touch on finger lock.READ MORE",1.0
Switch off&2nd time not on mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is very badREAD MORE,2.0
Not too good. Back colour coming off like peels.READ MORE,4.0
Back cover got peeled off in 3 months.. very worse product..READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Network problemsREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is excellent I m using from 10 month.... Till no problemREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good.READ MORE,4.0
Very very very very very worst product.. My phone didn't work properly.. 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡:READ MORE,1.0
I love itREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good but back cover colour removeREAD MORE,3.0
Outstanding phone but now the price is too highREAD MORE,5.0
One the best phones I have ever used in such price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding mobile.... but now the price is too highREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome mobile👍READ MORE,4.0
No goodREAD MORE,1.0
Great deal with flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
A good product to buy... Awesome phone in low range...READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Low price budget friendly mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good product can trust because processor is also good even battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst performence phonePlease don't waste your moneyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone 😃READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very bad experience with this phone,Do not open screen in single touch on finger lock.READ MORE",1.0
Switch off&2nd time not on mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is very badREAD MORE,2.0
Not too good. Back colour coming off like peels.READ MORE,4.0
Back cover got peeled off in 3 months.. very worse product..READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Love this one❤️❤️READ MORE,4.0
It's Good..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
"Good phon. But has increased the money. Earlier it was 8500 approx, now it was 11000 approx.READ MORE",4.0
Deserve 1READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,2.0
Best phone in chief price but sometimes hang itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good but back cover colour removeREAD MORE,3.0
Outstanding phone but now the price is too highREAD MORE,5.0
One the best phones I have ever used in such price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding mobile.... but now the price is too highREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome mobile👍READ MORE,4.0
No goodREAD MORE,1.0
Great deal with flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
A good product to buy... Awesome phone in low range...READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Low price budget friendly mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good product can trust because processor is also good even battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst performence phonePlease don't waste your moneyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SimpleREAD MORE,5.0
I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile🔥READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"This phone is good option for budget segment, glossy design looks good and overall if we don't push the phone with too much graphics intense games, it's an awesome phone, considering the price.READ MORE",4.0
Weast of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied about price .Back side damaged slowlyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product 👍 nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Ruby Red most beautifullREAD MORE,3.0
This phone is good but camera performance is not good and battery is superrrrPREAD MORE,5.0
All time favourite 🙂READ MORE,5.0
Great phone in this budget. I am fully satisfied with it. Thank flipkart. ☺ I am very happy with this productREAD MORE,4.0
Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
ORIGINAL PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,3.0
RedmiREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Value of Money..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice.. Don't think go for it.......READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone..READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb ❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
"Many times automatically reboot and lagging.For this, I'm very disappointed.READ MORE",2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Not bad okeyREAD MORE,4.0
Phone bent upwardREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
All over goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
nicREAD MORE,5.0
Good Mobile 📱READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of money Very bad display andPerformance. The phone gets lag on soon. The phone perform very hardREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Battery capacity is goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"The product is very nice , thanks flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice  good working till nowREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Delivery is very fastREAD MORE,4.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Worst phone ever. Highly software related issues.By default runs in slow motion. Stay away from it.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb ❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
"Many times automatically reboot and lagging.For this, I'm very disappointed.READ MORE",2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Not bad okeyREAD MORE,4.0
Phone bent upwardREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
All over goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
nicREAD MORE,5.0
Good Mobile 📱READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of money Very bad display andPerformance. The phone gets lag on soon. The phone perform very hardREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Battery capacity is goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"The product is very nice , thanks flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi a froud and cheating company . By plan company reduced performance of mobile sets and voice also getting low after installing update given by company . So I don't recommend to any one to purchase products of xiaomi .READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's quality and performance is goidREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Too heavy phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOODREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good choice under 10000....READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
This item is not very good....READ MORE,2.0
Required  suggestion when we have purchased the mobile starting 6 months was nomal performance and now the mobile is getting hang not able to operating any apps correctly so need reason for my questionREAD MORE,1.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor qREAD MORE,1.0
CoolREAD MORE,5.0
Waste product back side cover is not niceREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It is very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Worst mobile in the mobile brandREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Camara puality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Top productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Better but rate is highREAD MORE,4.0
Avg mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Nice amazing promiseREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile I like it mostREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
After 1+yrs give very poor performanceREAD MORE,1.0
Very good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good product  thanks to Flipcart.READ MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good but problem off hangingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good qualityI am happyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Cemra Quality, Sachidanand RoyREAD MORE",1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
badREAD MORE,1.0
Wonderful productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and worthyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,5.0
Waste product back side cover is not niceREAD MORE,1.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good Mobile for working.. Not for camera & photoREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Not buy this phone.  6 months later phone battery problem will startREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is perfect 👌READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Verygood super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
All-rounderREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Overall very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I give this smart phone to my mamu and he was Love this phone 💖READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good camera good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Best phonREAD MORE,5.0
Its display is not going well and its processor is also not good. Over all is good. You can also say so good at such a low price. I have shared my own experience.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
looks like cherry l like itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BrilliantREAD MORE,5.0
After 1 year it is laggingREAD MORE,3.0
HangingREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I got this for 8k only in 2020 Jan provided with back case.Using for past 1 year, phone in budget. But now I see the price rise around 10k . Camera is 4/5 and for performance it's only 3/5, if we use multiple apps it really take time to switch between them.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super ......READ MORE,4.0
Good WREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GreatttREAD MORE,4.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Not buy this phone.  6 months later phone battery problem will startREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is perfect 👌READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Verygood super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
All-rounderREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice setREAD MORE,5.0
Good productAnd no gamen phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance and I like itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.no more glitch or hanging yet.better in this price segmentREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and deleveryREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Really nice and I am totally satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
MOBILE BODY QUALITITY VERY BAD....READ MORE,1.0
NiseREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
This product is very impressive. at this price it is very good product from MI.READ MORE,5.0
Superb🔥🤟READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Vaste mobile hanging problem lot of issuesREAD MORE,2.0
Nice OneREAD MORE,5.0
Superb.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super ......READ MORE,4.0
Good WREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GreatttREAD MORE,4.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone.u can buy from flip cart blindlyREAD MORE,5.0
Oil paint of this phone is automatically separate 😥😡READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone. Value for money go for itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice setREAD MORE,5.0
Good productAnd no gamen phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance and I like itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.no more glitch or hanging yet.better in this price segmentREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and deleveryREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Really nice and I am totally satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
MOBILE BODY QUALITITY VERY BAD....READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very sweet phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance and good quality mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Ondar full phone amazing but it will be back phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best photo I am. Happy New phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodyct and nice sellerREAD MORE,5.0
Good OneREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
There is some issue in MIUI sofware. Wifi hotspot not function properly. Dual app is horrible. Some time not working. I update MIUI 12 but problem as it is.READ MORE,2.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Product I Love MI ❤️👑READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
It's wonderful✨READ MORE,5.0
Good phone.u can buy from flip cart blindlyREAD MORE,5.0
Oil paint of this phone is automatically separate 😥😡READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone. Value for money go for itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect 💯💯💯💯READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
All most 10 month avutundi mobile ithay bagundi but appudapudu hang avutundiREAD MORE,2.0
"Hand set hanging sometimes not working properly I want to change my phone, please help meREAD MORE",1.0
It's not good back colour is going on mobileREAD MORE,1.0
It's very good. Better You is also very good. 👍In this price this is good.READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Just OK mobile not wowREAD MORE,1.0
Increase the storage level & display qualityREAD MORE,5.0
All GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance and good quality mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Ondar full phone amazing but it will be back phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best photo I am. Happy New phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodyct and nice sellerREAD MORE,5.0
Good OneREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
There is some issue in MIUI sofware. Wifi hotspot not function properly. Dual app is horrible. Some time not working. I update MIUI 12 but problem as it is.READ MORE,2.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Product I Love MI ❤️👑READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
It's wonderful✨READ MORE,5.0
Processer is very weekREAD MORE,3.0
V niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
👌👌👌👌👌👌 outstandingREAD MORE,5.0
AvarageREAD MORE,5.0
Best product for online classesREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product nice battery backup  High speed net searching good cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Software issue started fews days after purchasingREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not good protectREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It's not good back colour is going on mobileREAD MORE,1.0
It's very good. Better You is also very good. 👍In this price this is good.READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Just OK mobile not wowREAD MORE,1.0
Increase the storage level & display qualityREAD MORE,5.0
All GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Average product from brand of redmi please implement your mobiles of led display change to come in superamoled displayed such a good better then and most importantly battery and camera's and processors very poor performance in your mobiles I like only in your redmi brand of build quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Phone not bad but camera is approx not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Really good product from Flipkart thank you so much..READ MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone .... battery long life chalti haiREAD MORE,5.0
Super.READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone I like it very much And I am using this phone to my online classREAD MORE,5.0
Very  good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
BattryREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Low price and super 📱 phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone..READ MORE,5.0
Camera disappointed meREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
👌👌👌👌👌👌 outstandingREAD MORE,5.0
Just buyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Its a nice phone in this budget.READ MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Super as a wishREAD MORE,5.0
Good onrREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Good product. Value for money. I am using it since over 6 months. No problem faced till now.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I am very expect to buy this product but not like I thought...READ MORE,3.0
Affordable price with all requirementsREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Really good product from Flipkart thank you so much..READ MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone .... battery long life chalti haiREAD MORE,5.0
Super.READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone I like it very much And I am using this phone to my online classREAD MORE,5.0
Very  good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NyzREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product love this really nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone 📱READ MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkayREAD MORE,3.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is awesome 👌Camera needs improvementBloatwares/Ad Apps too manyOverall performance good👌READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
It's okREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery problem even before 1 year.READ MORE,1.0
NIceREAD MORE,5.0
Good GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Been a year, performance was ok at the beginning but been 4-5 months it doesn't catch network, I don't get calls and can barely make calls, which is seriously very irritating... whenever someone calls, it tends to say not connected throughout. It also has lots of fingerprint issues, the phone hasn't been even lightly dropped, yet...it hangs like crazy... totally disappointed, unsatisfied...i would like to get my refundREAD MORE",1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money 💸💸💰READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Totally waste phone !!!!!!!READ MORE,1.0
Damage product was arrivedREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Such a nice mobile for gaming purposeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice,,okREAD MORE",5.0
Good product But Price Very HighREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good I m happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good...READ MORE,4.0
Review after more than 1 Year: Excellent product and very reliable to useREAD MORE,5.0
Best v best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone 📱READ MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkayREAD MORE,3.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is awesome 👌Camera needs improvementBloatwares/Ad Apps too manyOverall performance good👌READ MORE,4.0
Nice one ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,4.0
It's hanging not value for MonaREAD MORE,2.0
Not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
"Its good phone for moderate user.It has a good battery life.Whatsapp,facebook & talking it gave 2-3 days battery.Camera is good but not great.I didn't played in it. Bought it for my mom & uncle.They r satisfied with the product.Bought two of them red & blue.Design & colour is fabulous.Screen is a little off though.Have no notification light.Fingerprint sensor a bit slow.sometimes very slow.Its good phone for new android user with moderate use.READ MORE",4.0
It's nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Performance is low , Back panel issueREAD MORE",5.0
Very Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
phone memory was already too low Its slow running when i use the data its buffering take too much time to playREAD MORE,1.0
Very good smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
amzing ans cheap price_🙌😀READ MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Worst phone ever..READ MORE,1.0
Osam productREAD MORE,1.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Gud phone Everything is okay except chargerCharger should be of high voltREAD MORE,5.0
Good one. Excellent PerformanceREAD MORE,4.0
Touch sensor issue...READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice QualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice barrtyREAD MORE,5.0
Waist mobile please do not buyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It's bad qualityCamer is not clearHanging the mobileBad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Only for multi purposeREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
"Worst phone don't but it, only battery backup is goodREAD MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
"Camera, Battery, Display everything is good. I am using it from past 1.5 years. Facing one problem only while on call.  Sometimes display completely get off and phone need to restart for further use. This is happening from last 3, 4 months. Otherwise phone is goodREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product Paisa wasool.READ MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
AttractiveREAD MORE,4.0
Not much better but okREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good product 👍READ MORE,4.0
Good lookingREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
❤From jan'2020 to Till now I am using this phone without any problem. ❤READ MORE,5.0
Not bad...READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Very bad product and not support on high performance game very very badREAD MORE,2.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
Wow 😎READ MORE,5.0
Best phone in this budget.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Mother board problemREAD MORE,1.0
"Board dead after 2 month of use,after I complain to the care they don't respond me.READ MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
good in all featuresREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
So GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
4GB RAM superREAD MORE,5.0
Very best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
average phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone at 8000 price pointREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nce mobREAD MORE,5.0
Display quality is bad.Performance not good as expected.Design is good.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Ok niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Budget friendly, nice qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Super 💞READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product!And almost quote....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Weight management is not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Lot of problems. Decided not to buy xaomi/redmi in future.READ MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nic phonREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product ..... Good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Very well mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Mother board problemREAD MORE,1.0
"Board dead after 2 month of use,after I complain to the care they don't respond me.READ MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
good in all featuresREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
So GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
4GB RAM superREAD MORE,5.0
Very best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
average phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone at 8000 price pointREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nce mobREAD MORE,5.0
Display quality is bad.Performance not good as expected.Design is good.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
JkREAD MORE,5.0
It is a good productREAD MORE,5.0
Lo cast best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
What a phone quality👍👍🏻👍👍👍👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽👍🏻👍🏽👍🏻👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Net work problemREAD MORE,3.0
Not good but goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Not a nice one, it's hangs a lot mi 8 series are not much good.READ MORE",1.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Product is goodREAD MORE,3.0
After 5 months Hang problem. Reset mobile & Delete all data but not proper working.READ MORE,1.0
All is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Thanks filipkard for give me nice mobile.....battery pickup is good ....READ MORE,5.0
Good One..READ MORE,3.0
Best product best batteryREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,2.0
Super speedREAD MORE,4.0
Mr AjayREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good foneREAD MORE,3.0
Product is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good thingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is nice but not good for this price u buy redmi 9prime at this cost with best performance   The negative is only for processor  because it's  processor is just entry level don't buy it in2021 there other super phones from redmi like redmi 9 prime poco m2 etc..everything is fineREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Good delivered. Product is goodREAD MORE,4.0
So product very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Great DealREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good and Fetured device at this price point.  And excellent perfirmanceREAD MORE,5.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone...READ MORE,5.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Good experienceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
The product is osm...it's look...it's performance...worth buying it...must buy it if u want a cheap as well as good androidREAD MORE,5.0
To good to use the phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityBudget mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Not good and not bad I mean average productREAD MORE,4.0
Not best phone is worst experience didn't meet expectations battery drains in a day no backup is there. Not a good camera and prosesor also bad don't waste your money don't buy it guysREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is the bestREAD MORE,5.0
Great Phone.best  compared to new once. Design is awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. Good battery life. Great looks. Decent camera at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Average PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I like it mostly ❤🔥READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone good camera clarityREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent💯👍 but camera was not goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Mobile is hanging during operationREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality products and service also goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomrREAD MORE,5.0
Camera are not up to my expectationsREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice But too costly for July montREAD MORE,3.0
After some time mother board deadREAD MORE,1.0
Chip qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good 1READ MORE,4.0
This is best productREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile use for 9 months is a good phone Prossesar is a bestREAD MORE,5.0
After 6 month is very disappointed me waist for money back body out colour seller is not perfect product for sellREAD MORE,1.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Product is quite good, little bit heavy  then commonREAD MORE",4.0
Super PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not good and not bad I mean average productREAD MORE,4.0
Not best phone is worst experience didn't meet expectations battery drains in a day no backup is there. Not a good camera and prosesor also bad don't waste your money don't buy it guysREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is the bestREAD MORE,5.0
Great Phone.best  compared to new once. Design is awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
Mobail is the goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
TerraficREAD MORE,5.0
But my mobile back panel lamination paper is removing😣.. Others are okREAD MORE,4.0
This is good at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Not bedREAD MORE,2.0
Good product redmi8 very nice ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Nice under 10000READ MORE,4.0
Good mobile....READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good at price but connecting to tv and all is lagging cut cut connection not good unable to play videos in TV by connecting to tvREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
"Not good  after 6 month its getting hang can't  connect phone call, even after switching data getting hang completelyREAD MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile..z❤️👍👍👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice products 👍READ MORE,4.0
I like this productREAD MORE,4.0
This phone camera and battery backup good and design very osam look and performance ok ok this phone price very highREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for this money you can buy it no doubt about itREAD MORE,5.0
Fast & smoothREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile hai is rang me Camara best hai 👌 is rang me Looking bhi mast hai shine ✨ Performance Average haiREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,3.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget phone. Working fine from date of purchase. More than one year.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good batteryREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Good oneREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
battery low continously after 10hrREAD MORE,3.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Gud productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good at price but connecting to tv and all is lagging cut cut connection not good unable to play videos in TV by connecting to tvREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
"Not good  after 6 month its getting hang can't  connect phone call, even after switching data getting hang completelyREAD MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
FineREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in yhis priceREAD MORE,5.0
Poor cameraREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phone on 9k price range.READ MORE,4.0
It is usefull for kids onlyREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phone in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
VERY NICE MOBILEREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very reasonable price mobile is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone best battery life I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone. My wife vry happyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PHONE. CAMERA NOT SATISFIED BUT OK. DISPLAY AND BATTERY SUPER . DESIGN ALSO GOOD. OVERALL A GOOD PHONE FOR DAILY USE.READ MORE,3.0
just superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good is betterREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"A great deal, i had ordered ...value for money... great experience...if u r planing to buy this phone go for it without thinking any thing ...😘👍READ MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I loved it !READ MORE,5.0
Nyc phone for valuable moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance for this mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in yhis priceREAD MORE,5.0
Poor cameraREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phone on 9k price range.READ MORE,4.0
It is usefull for kids onlyREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Average mobileREAD MORE,4.0
ABSOLUTELY LOVE BUT CAMERA IS CIGAR.READ MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfullREAD MORE,4.0
Nyc ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Ok good mobile but camera quality bad filling saidREAD MORE,5.0
MassREAD MORE,5.0
Supper product and niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
VERY NICE MOBILEREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very reasonable price mobile is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone best battery life I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone. My wife vry happyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PHONE. CAMERA NOT SATISFIED BUT OK. DISPLAY AND BATTERY SUPER . DESIGN ALSO GOOD. OVERALL A GOOD PHONE FOR DAILY USE.READ MORE,3.0
just superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good is betterREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"A great deal, i had ordered ...value for money... great experience...if u r planing to buy this phone go for it without thinking any thing ...😘👍READ MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I loved it !READ MORE,5.0
Nyc phone for valuable moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance for this mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"Simple Awesome valuable product under 10000Display is awesome, sound quality is very good,Killer look👌👌READ MORE",5.0
It is nice budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super....😊READ MORE,5.0
I gifted to wifeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing deal Best phone in this segment.READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile his completed as one year redmi 8 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ABSOLUTELY LOVE BUT CAMERA IS CIGAR.READ MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfullREAD MORE,4.0
Nyc ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Ok good mobile but camera quality bad filling saidREAD MORE,5.0
MassREAD MORE,5.0
Supper product and niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice superb Just wasomREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
panoroma havntREAD MORE,4.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneValue for moneyI have gifted it to my baby she liking itREAD MORE,4.0
decent phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"very nice battery, display and phone sizeREAD MORE",5.0
Phone should be good in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
It's awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Bad mobileREAD MORE,2.0
Got the phone damaged at its charging point within a couple of months from the purchase...Bakwaas mobileREAD MORE,1.0
Nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
gud workREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Must BuyREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Looking good in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Tq redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
OsmmREAD MORE,3.0
"All the aspects of the smart phone is fine. However there is no flexibility in camera setting for different purpose of contrast ,  brightness and colour setting. It comes only with default setting. User can't define.READ MORE",3.0
Phone stuck again and againApps are not respondingUnable to take photosREAD MORE,1.0
Value of moneyBattery capacity goodCamera is medium performanceREAD MORE,4.0
i love RedmiREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
To GoodREAD MORE,4.0
waste phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Great smartphone under this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
It's processer is little bad but good in this priceThis is value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Bad product in this price we can buy a good phone so it's is a bad choiceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice look mobile 👌READ MORE,4.0
Normal product not extraordinaryREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Spr phone ... royal look phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Battery charg capacity low quality.READ MORE,3.0
Supper mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very fantastic phone lovely lookingREAD MORE,3.0
So much lag....READ MORE,1.0
SupppREAD MORE,5.0
Good for this PriceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phone between this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
So good look for mobileREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good excellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Midium he...Good-BetterREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.same colour as in pic .buy bravely.continue shopping bravelyREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good projectsREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkieREAD MORE,3.0
Solid Phone in the priceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Product is avgCamera is not so good but rear is goodBattery is long lastOverall in this price product is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Bad product in this price we can buy a good phone so it's is a bad choiceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product from flipkart.....READ MORE,5.0
OkokREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Supar phoonREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice 👍☺️READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile from this range.Battery awesome Display goodREAD MORE,5.0
BrilliantREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
All things work good but the battery charging time is too much.. it takes 3 or 4 hours to charge.READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile....best priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Bad company. Low build qualityREAD MORE,1.0
OkokREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,1.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Ok mjREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product🎊🎉😍👌👌READ MORE,3.0
I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile not used for gamming purpose. Also slowREAD MORE,2.0
Good product but back camera not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Velu of money but not good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
The fingerprint sensor is not sometimes workingREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
world best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
This was a great phone. Awesome phone it was.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
But charger is badREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product from flipkart.....READ MORE,5.0
OkokREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Supar phoonREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice 👍☺️READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile from this range.Battery awesome Display goodREAD MORE,5.0
Ok..READ MORE,4.0
Good thodi si network problemsREAD MORE,5.0
Looking good 👌READ MORE,5.0
Product is good but camera is not as expectedREAD MORE,3.0
Osm.............. My bro has used this mobile for 4 years.......Nice one.......READ MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Mobile Performance Soo GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is good except the processor . The apps work really slow and takes some time to open . Not fluent as the other phones of same priceREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
This phone was very good 👍😎READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for music good soundREAD MORE,4.0
It's okREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
All is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but camera quality is not as expected and battery backup also not much better. Flipkart's delivery services are too good👍READ MORE,3.0
Awesome productFull paisa vasoolMost valuable than redmi 9READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Best se bestREAD MORE,5.0
Processor is very slow. Not able to handle a load of 2-3 simple app.READ MORE,2.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
JJREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good👍😘READ MORE,5.0
SupervREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Allready i have redmi 8a dual and i buy now thisREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,3.0
Ok..READ MORE,4.0
Good thodi si network problemsREAD MORE,5.0
Looking good 👌READ MORE,5.0
Product is good but camera is not as expectedREAD MORE,3.0
Osm.............. My bro has used this mobile for 4 years.......Nice one.......READ MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Mobile Performance Soo GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is good except the processor . The apps work really slow and takes some time to open . Not fluent as the other phones of same priceREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
This phone was very good 👍😎READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for music good soundREAD MORE,4.0
It's okREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
All is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but camera quality is not as expected and battery backup also not much better. Flipkart's delivery services are too good👍READ MORE,3.0
Awesome productFull paisa vasoolMost valuable than redmi 9READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Best se bestREAD MORE,5.0
Processor is very slow. Not able to handle a load of 2-3 simple app.READ MORE,2.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
JJREAD MORE,5.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't buy, mobile hanging issueREAD MORE",1.0
Very good product and chief price valueREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productsREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone with good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Something goodREAD MORE,4.0
In this price it is very good mob phone.i love itREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone redmiREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👍READ MORE,4.0
Superb features in this price range..READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SUPERREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Just love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Experienced the real power oh Qualcomm Snapdragon 439! It's pretty low compared to others but the performance at this range is decent. Camera quality is good. No battery issues. And the important thing is I never experienced the battery heat problems!READ MORE,4.0
nice but camm quality is very lowREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
No so good at this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
Bettery performance of this phone is very good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money 👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Nice to useREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Super cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product cause every application will stuck worst experiences 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄Pro camera is not working.READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product. Fast DeliveryREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👍READ MORE,4.0
Superb features in this price range..READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SUPERREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Just love itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice & descent phone in the budget.READ MORE,4.0
Good mobile am used 2 year still no issuesREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Average mobile phone processor is average overall Good mobile phone beginnersREAD MORE,3.0
Best productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but not need moreREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality 🤗READ MORE,5.0
Good 👍 phone 📱 at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product 👍READ MORE,5.0
Super cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product cause every application will stuck worst experiences 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄Pro camera is not working.READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product. Fast DeliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone love this really nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Worst battery I have ever seen...READ MORE,2.0
Speed is very slow... Also hang problemREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phone love this really nice phone I ordered for my whol familyREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
After one month screen touch problem has been came .READ MORE,2.0
Nice & descent phone in the budget.READ MORE,4.0
Good mobile am used 2 year still no issuesREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Average mobile phone processor is average overall Good mobile phone beginnersREAD MORE,3.0
Best productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but not need moreREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality 🤗READ MORE,5.0
Good 👍 phone 📱 at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product 👍READ MORE,5.0
this was good product in price range and mi brand but users dont want security app in miuiREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ITS VERY GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Vary nice✌️READ MORE,4.0
Its decent mobile I gifted my dad his happyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
AwosomeREAD MORE,4.0
Good product but little bit slowREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
SupervREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but after one year it is not working properlyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone.... Battery life superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
not valyu for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
😘nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Good👍READ MORE,4.0
Mind blowing redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Excellent!!READ MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very good All functionREAD MORE,4.0
Mm nice and good product for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductsREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"I am mi Lover, but this product disappointed me.It's started lagging from early months of using.Very bad touch experience but telling about battery life, I am quite excited.READ MORE",1.0
Not fast responsiveREAD MORE,2.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Don't waste money  Phone is so thickREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 😘😘🥰 I got it in the first flash sell.. value for money .. good product at the budget..READ MORE,5.0
Just ok 👍READ MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice👍READ MORE,4.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
"Battery backup is good, but low camera qualityREAD MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best camera phone for allREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product!READ MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a best mobile in this price range....READ MORE,5.0
Great phone and best performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good in this priceREAD MORE,1.0
All things good in that price range.READ MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Basic useres bestREAD MORE,5.0
Very good awesome phone... overall performance good and satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is very good in this budget of rs. 8k.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Overall it's good phone i got in 8k only but their functionality features requiredGood phone within this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good quilityREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Screen is flickered in between, I have reset couple of times sti issue arrives. Looks some faulty behavior. Other wise it is very good.READ MORE",3.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
❌❌❌❌waste...redmi note 8 best 👍READ MORE,1.0
Very good and very very nice product.READ MORE,3.0
I lovedREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
WasteREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile you can buy itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very panchad mobileREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moenyREAD MORE,5.0
It's  very GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good Product!READ MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a best mobile in this price range....READ MORE,5.0
Great phone and best performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good in this priceREAD MORE,1.0
All things good in that price range.READ MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Basic useres bestREAD MORE,5.0
Very good awesome phone... overall performance good and satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is very good in this budget of rs. 8k.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Overall it's good phone i got in 8k only but their functionality features requiredGood phone within this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good quilityREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Screen is flickered in between, I have reset couple of times sti issue arrives. Looks some faulty behavior. Other wise it is very good.READ MORE",3.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
❌❌❌❌waste...redmi note 8 best 👍READ MORE,1.0
Very good and very very nice product.READ MORE,3.0
I lovedREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Nice  PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very good...READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone. I love it.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
I am HappyREAD MORE,5.0
It's same and it is good..... delivery boy was also very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
BetterREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing phone 👌👌👌😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Battery backup is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good perfomanceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice purchase..READ MORE,4.0
Camera is worseREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phone really love this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This was my worst experience to choose  redmiREAD MORE,2.0
Supper mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Cool productREAD MORE,5.0
Good 👍👍👍👍 productREAD MORE,4.0
Recieved Made in China modelVery very bad experienceREAD MORE,1.0
Best phone of redmi...READ MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
It has very low quality and I got finger print broken because I not open it  early I opened it just after a month that's why I can't replace it very unhappy from this productREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
"It is good phone ,it's performance is goodREAD MORE",4.0
SexyREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality but back side is bad (leave the shining paint)READ MORE,4.0
Phone is working very slowREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome very very nice 👌READ MORE,4.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Beautiful design and color but screen quality is not quite good. Performance is good.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
very god product value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
This is nice phone . And clear photoREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product amazingREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Good value pack tish itmeREAD MORE,5.0
I like itREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This was my worst experience to choose  redmiREAD MORE,2.0
Supper mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Cool productREAD MORE,5.0
Good 👍👍👍👍 productREAD MORE,4.0
Recieved Made in China modelVery very bad experienceREAD MORE,1.0
Best phone of redmi...READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Goods looking & battery backup superb 👍READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good for the given price but sound quality is not that greatREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not a good phone...Very poorREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Hanging issue is highREAD MORE,2.0
Good cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
1 year used And still happy with this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone but camera selfi does not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Owsome......READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
good product in this money rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy this mobile. worst of money.READ MORE,1.0
Jest okREAD MORE,4.0
Your phone is very slowlyREAD MORE,4.0
I am writing this review after using this mobile for 6months now. First thing I observed that camra quality is not upto the mark. Second flaw is that this phone lags and hang up very frequently. Third is battery life even I do not use it for gaming or frequently checking Facebook etc still battery goes down very quickly. I would advise to avoid this phone.READ MORE,1.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome phone must buyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone in this range.Thanks Flipkart🤗🤗🤗READ MORE,4.0
Ok niceREAD MORE,3.0
"Sooper, awosomeREAD MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not so goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money. Good features.READ MORE,5.0
UpREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
The mobile have lots of problem like mobile gets hang multipal times in a day. Heating problem. Mobile will be auto silent and cannot set the volume or rings tone..it need to restart to work. So it's totally west of money.READ MORE,1.0
I am so much for your support of the year old girl I am so much for your support of the yearREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product Nice Quality 👌 superb FunctionREAD MORE,5.0
bought if for 9799 battery backup is fine display is good camera is average overall performance of the device is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Average phone in buggetREAD MORE,5.0
The back side colour is damagedREAD MORE,2.0
It's good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
My all new billREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Ok ok haiREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
★★★★★ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Khrab phoneREAD MORE,2.0
Amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Vary vary bad product...READ MORE,1.0
Just heat using timeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile for that amount.....READ MORE,5.0
Value for maonryREAD MORE,4.0
Good luck good sarviceREAD MORE,5.0
Its okeyREAD MORE,5.0
Good delivery & GOOD productREAD MORE,4.0
Camera quality bestREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and charger low qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
My all new billREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Ok ok haiREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
★★★★★ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Khrab phoneREAD MORE,2.0
Amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Vary vary bad product...READ MORE,1.0
Just heat using timeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile for that amount.....READ MORE,5.0
Value for maonryREAD MORE,4.0
Good luck good sarviceREAD MORE,5.0
Its okeyREAD MORE,5.0
Good delivery & GOOD productREAD MORE,4.0
Camera quality bestREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and charger low qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Don't waste your moneyREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product.. The back side coating is open and such a bad quality camera.....READ MORE,1.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome .READ MORE,5.0
Just amazing 🥰🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Wonderful, amazingREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product in this range..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone are value for mony and all is well. I have victory Blue varient, looking Osm but after 3 month only the color behind the mobile (arround camera and finger print sensor) is disappearing.READ MORE",4.0
Good ..hgdjREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone. Camera quality is not as per mega pixelsREAD MORE,3.0
Everything okREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 😍🔥😍 ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile 1 year ago i got this mobile really amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone but price is little bit on higher sideREAD MORE,4.0
in this range best phone for new usher senior citizen not for office work person bcuz net speed is slow or wn connect with tv screen was breck/blur so all ower good for senior citizenREAD MORE,4.0
Oooookkkk the other day I will send the future of the other hand the future please reply to yourREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product gifted this to my girlfriendREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good for nothingREAD MORE,4.0
Great oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Vast fonREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"On work mobile always hang, not good for useREAD MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Myself using this mobile from months.I am using for normal uses. I'm not using games .It's smooth and fast working.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb.READ MORE,5.0
Cast screen on TV does not work well.READ MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Podat very goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
HoodREAD MORE,4.0
It's good for middle man because its cheaper then other mobile so this phone is value for money I want to tell you guys must buy itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Phone automatically switched off after using a while and never switched on till yetREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good Phone.READ MORE,5.0
Masterpiece at this price point.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"Product nice,value for money good,process little bit late,charging good, nice mobileREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
It is niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
hang korche akdom bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Camera quality is poor in this range.Heavy body phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is good but police & colour not goodREAD MORE,4.0
One of the best at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
back side colour wash outREAD MORE,1.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone at 10KREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Tooo goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very low picture qualtyREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good 50%READ MORE,4.0
The phone was very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I think it's my favorite thingREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Product nice,value for money good,process little bit late,charging good, nice mobileREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
It is niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
hang korche akdom bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Camera quality is poor in this range.Heavy body phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is good but police & colour not goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one recommend to budget mobileREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best camera and best battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Fantastic modelREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Jabardast osmREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
packing and product good.all is wellREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Super quality please guys bought itREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoidREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
It not godREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
😄😄👌Good😆😁🤣mobile💗😍💕READ MORE,5.0
Display working automatically and all other things are goodREAD MORE,3.0
Now battery back up is very poor. During night/idle in 5-6 hrs phone gone switch off while 40-50% battery are remaining. Wants to change it's 🔋 are phone whichever is possible.READ MORE,2.0
Phone is too slow from the 1st dayREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Not gudREAD MORE,2.0
The only thing that i dislike about MI phones is their sensors are weak.You recrive call & immediately light goes off.However you try screen lights wont come.If you plan to cut the call or merge call you can't do anything.Ultimately you wait for 1 min & then if you are lucky light comes up when you press power button.Rest everything is very good.Battery weakens fast after 7-8 months but not a deal breaker as MI phone are good for max 1.5-2 yrs only.At same price other brand give smaller scre...READ MORE,5.0
Everything is good only Price to highREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing..READ MORE,5.0
Good Phone. Value For MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good product buy for low budget and all facility I bought this in 7999READ MORE,5.0
Everything is fine . perfect mobile under 10000/-READ MORE,5.0
Mobile was hanging just after 2 months from purchased. Worst product.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome, Full on full poweeREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone from MI though I don't like this brand much however will appreciate this product. Good one.READ MORE,5.0
SimpleREAD MORE,5.0
back side paint coat has been removing automatically. very disappointed with thatREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
I cannot hear voice which the person is speaking and what I speak he cannot hear meREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing battery back n cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Good but after one year to much heat  not safeREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoidREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
It not godREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
😄😄👌Good😆😁🤣mobile💗😍💕READ MORE,5.0
Display working automatically and all other things are goodREAD MORE,3.0
Now battery back up is very poor. During night/idle in 5-6 hrs phone gone switch off while 40-50% battery are remaining. Wants to change it's 🔋 are phone whichever is possible.READ MORE,2.0
Phone is too slow from the 1st dayREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Not gudREAD MORE,2.0
The only thing that i dislike about MI phones is their sensors are weak.You recrive call & immediately light goes off.However you try screen lights wont come.If you plan to cut the call or merge call you can't do anything.Ultimately you wait for 1 min & then if you are lucky light comes up when you press power button.Rest everything is very good.Battery weakens fast after 7-8 months but not a deal breaker as MI phone are good for max 1.5-2 yrs only.At same price other brand give smaller scre...READ MORE,5.0
Everything is good only Price to highREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing..READ MORE,5.0
Good Phone. Value For MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good product buy for low budget and all facility I bought this in 7999READ MORE,5.0
Everything is fine . perfect mobile under 10000/-READ MORE,5.0
Mobile was hanging just after 2 months from purchased. Worst product.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome, Full on full poweeREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone from MI though I don't like this brand much however will appreciate this product. Good one.READ MORE,5.0
SimpleREAD MORE,5.0
back side paint coat has been removing automatically. very disappointed with thatREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.... Good for medium useREAD MORE,5.0
VERY POOR QUALITY MOBILEREAD MORE,1.0
In this ranges it's a good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product this values moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Its really gud...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Poor  performance phone   don't waste your moneyREAD MORE,2.0
Super filpcortREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product.. Thanks to Xiaomi...READ MORE,4.0
Gud conditionREAD MORE,4.0
Good 🙂READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice gadgetREAD MORE,5.0
Just okay mobileREAD MORE,4.0
NICEREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 😊 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
VERY POOR QUALITY MOBILEREAD MORE,1.0
In this ranges it's a good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product this values moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Its really gud...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Poor  performance phone   don't waste your moneyREAD MORE,2.0
Super filpcortREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product.. Thanks to Xiaomi...READ MORE,4.0
Gud conditionREAD MORE,4.0
Nice prouductREAD MORE,5.0
Pros- The battery life is great. Lasts 2days for me. - The performance is good. It is capable of running World of Warships without much heating.- The display is good for it's price. The contrast ratio is good. Even though it is not an OLED the blacks are not bleeding noticeable light.Cons- The camera is okish. It is not that great.- The charging time is long even with a fast charger. It takes 3-4hrs depending on the charger.READ MORE,4.0
Sometimes mobile is laging.... display is average....processor too old. I think this price range mobile is okREAD MORE,4.0
Network issueREAD MORE,4.0
This is awesome phone..💥💥💥📱📱READ MORE,5.0
Osm selfieREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is good butREAD MORE,3.0
SupppREAD MORE,5.0
BejorREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Low budget best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality is poor. Rest of the phone is fineREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Very good value for money phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is too good at this affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
MustREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good but not very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  redmi 8 sell phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Okay....READ MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very sluggish performance. For every action it will take some time to respond.READ MORE,2.0
good product liked it worth it thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Network problem with jio sim cardREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,3.0
Nice but don't buyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone. ...value of money.....i love it.....READ MORE,4.0
A good product in affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"Good, nice working,READ MORE",4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product 👌👌👌👌, I just love this mobile ❤️❤️❤️❤️.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice..😍👍READ MORE,4.0
Good battery backup and camra is also goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product with powerful batter back up as I had used this phone from last 2 moths it good if I would like give marks Battery 5/5Camra3/5Perfamance 3/5Display 3/5READ MORE,3.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Superb condition..... Excellent working... N good backup for battery performance...READ MORE,5.0
RecommendedREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Average phone...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice... Thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  redmi 8 sell phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Okay....READ MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
I usually use mi company oh it's good better enough in this price expect battery is its completely good product for use extentREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
All features and mobile is best but only one thing is mobile bending too much....???READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone from redme at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice  battery  life good camera is goodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Overall good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phone. go for itREAD MORE,5.0
It is good but display is very bad qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Display bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Am not stisfied with my mobile camera..... Otherthings are good..... Camera performence not goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product with powerful batter back up as I had used this phone from last 2 moths it good if I would like give marks Battery 5/5Camra3/5Perfamance 3/5Display 3/5READ MORE,3.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Superb condition..... Excellent working... N good backup for battery performance...READ MORE,5.0
RecommendedREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Average phone...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice... Thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ph.. camera is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoen in short rang amountREAD MORE,5.0
Good  phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good for its priceREAD MORE,4.0
best product ever miREAD MORE,4.0
It's good at this priceREAD MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
All features and mobile is best but only one thing is mobile bending too much....???READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Need to improve .READ MORE,3.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone but camera is not good but not much bad . Overall performance is very nice . Played GTA also no lag overall good phone.READ MORE,5.0
BeastREAD MORE,5.0
amazing product tbhREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
EverageREAD MORE,4.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
EvarageREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and goodREAD MORE,4.0
Literally the best phone at this price . Go for it without hesitationREAD MORE,5.0
A bit costly in this price range.READ MORE,4.0
"Nice Product !!!👌👌👌👌👌 But camera is quite slow ,😉😉😉😉READ MORE",3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good but should betterREAD MORE,4.0
Well performanceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Every thing is good but battery performance after 3 month is very poorREAD MORE,3.0
Not for heavy users. Good mobile for average usersREAD MORE,4.0
Verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Not badREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Glass was superbDisplay is quite goodREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
All are proforming very wellREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very very very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Need to improve .READ MORE,3.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Delivery agent working is poorREAD MORE,1.0
"Good quality, Material that can be trusted...READ MORE",5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Avereg productREAD MORE,5.0
Value of many... Overall good experienceREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought this mobile for my sisters son,the mobile looks cool and specifications of this mobile are awesome,if you are planning to buy new mobile no doubt you can buy this it will save your money,worth buyingREAD MORE",5.0
I am not satisfy with this phone.READ MORE,2.0
Good mobaile heREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Loved a lotREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome camera and battery is also awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfactionREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
According to price so this handset is best for average..READ MORE,3.0
Valur for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Hange problem in Phone.READ MORE,1.0
Nice value of money and best After 1year nice and good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Camera problemREAD MORE,2.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Bad....READ MORE,3.0
"The every feature of this phone is good but the display is very bad cause after 6 months in the display suddenly a black hole has come and it's gets bigger every day and you will won't be able to do anything, so it's a big disappointed! :(READ MORE",3.0
👍👍Very good product 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Back panel colour full damage... Pls don't buy this mobile....READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Loved a lotREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome camera and battery is also awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfactionREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Quality not good.READ MORE,3.0
Excellent OneREAD MORE,5.0
Best to buy in this price range but consider other phones too because smart market is chasing day by day do some research beginner choosing your phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Bad....READ MORE,3.0
"The every feature of this phone is good but the display is very bad cause after 6 months in the display suddenly a black hole has come and it's gets bigger every day and you will won't be able to do anything, so it's a big disappointed! :(READ MORE",3.0
👍👍Very good product 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Back panel colour full damage... Pls don't buy this mobile....READ MORE,1.0
thankyou flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
This super quality phone everyone must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone📞📞 was talkingREAD MORE,3.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
"Very bad, every one should not bye flipkart anywhereREAD MORE",1.0
Nice phone with low rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Product very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
My phone damage in 2 monthsIt is not good productVery very bed productREAD MORE,1.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
But finger print isn't workingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very good allREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality very poorREAD MORE,1.0
Little bit overpriced with decent quality.READ MORE,4.0
It's fineREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Quality not good.READ MORE,3.0
Excellent OneREAD MORE,5.0
Best to buy in this price range but consider other phones too because smart market is chasing day by day do some research beginner choosing your phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Good at this price range. Good camera & excellent battery backup. Good display at this price.READ MORE,4.0
Super fast delivery  Flip kartREAD MORE,4.0
Nice 😊 eREAD MORE,5.0
Body colety very thirdclassREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phone and awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good product..READ MORE,5.0
Good...READ MORE,4.0
Super MobileREAD MORE,5.0
This super quality phone everyone must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone📞📞 was talkingREAD MORE,3.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
"Very bad, every one should not bye flipkart anywhereREAD MORE",1.0
Nice phone with low rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Product very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
My phone damage in 2 monthsIt is not good productVery very bed productREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent  productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb performanceREAD MORE,5.0
"Furious and good, high level performance but heavyweightREAD MORE",4.0
Display hanging problemsREAD MORE,2.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Best within price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Received defective product. Proximity does not work. Battery drains horribly fastREAD MORE,1.0
Nice Product Like Paisa WasulREAD MORE,5.0
Heated smart phoneREAD MORE,2.0
Very beautiful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Budget friendlyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Very good for my mom...READ MORE,5.0
The phone Best for mother/dadREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Display wicREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Money waste waste productREAD MORE,1.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile but it battery not goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product very good performREAD MORE,5.0
"Im using jst 3days, aftr soft ware problem... Auto matically mobile switch off...READ MORE",1.0
Super 💕READ MORE,5.0
"Furious and good, high level performance but heavyweightREAD MORE",4.0
Display hanging problemsREAD MORE,2.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile .....nice product ...bt camera quality is not so good ..but charge nd others are goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi is very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super modelREAD MORE,5.0
not goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad set blastREAD MORE,1.0
It's an excellent mobile .... A good mobile at good price ....READ MORE,4.0
It's a good device in budget.READ MORE,5.0
Very bad productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Good communication, thank you.READ MORE",4.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Danange productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good For Normal useREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks flipkart for this amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperrrrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice and hard use phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice handsetREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Kadakkkk product..👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
In this price very gpod mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Hang during normal useREAD MORE,1.0
Camera quality not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Nice one..READ MORE,4.0
Delivered was on expected time .READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is gudREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Bad mobile phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Restarting continuouslyREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile .....nice product ...bt camera quality is not so good ..but charge nd others are goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi is very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super modelREAD MORE,5.0
not goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile in lowest price ,,,goodREAD MORE",5.0
Almost good phone & battery backup is niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. I purchased it in a flash sale but i think there are many better ones out there. The sound is pretty loud. The camera is good.READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
Camera supperREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Not advisable to buyREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
Average performance.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
When i saw its design and features i was surprised and decided to buy .But after using it since 3months I'm writing  this review please read it before u buy.... it's build quality is very very bad because it's  speaker is very poor quality sometimes it makes chorus and breaking sound and touch screen is in worst quality sometimes it is not responding Even u are touching it again and again and gaming experience is totally bad .This is a very bad phone from Xiaomi i will recommend u to buy sam...READ MORE,1.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amezing batri picap v good phonREAD MORE,5.0
A1 camaraREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Nice one..READ MORE,4.0
Delivered was on expected time .READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is gudREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Bad mobile phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Restarting continuouslyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product really I like it very muchREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
After 15days..mobile was not good..its continus restarting to mobile to ownREAD MORE,3.0
Redmi 8 Mobile Rich Mobile For Less Money.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Best quality for that prize. large screen best display quality for HD.But they have added the Label at the back of the phone, which I don't like.READ MORE",4.0
It's a goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phone low prices highly serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product...👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Waste for money  because  touch screen not workingREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
One and only super mobile i have ever seenREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product i loved it reallyREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
OkokREAD MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile nice miREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Xllnt Product at low price ,Thanxx FlipKartREAD MORE",5.0
Nice mobile.. But the mobile works little slow and sometimes it hangs a lot.. There is network problem in this set.. And many more problems..READ MORE,3.0
Supar mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice gameplay on this mobile in the bajetREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product really I like it very muchREAD MORE,5.0
No problem for daily useREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Hi very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I love thisThis is value for money product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Not bedREAD MORE,5.0
"Hardly used this mobile for 7 months. Until then everything was fine but suddenly one day the display light started showing issues. Finally the display light completely turned off, keeping the mobile on but not usable as display light not available.When the phone was taken to the authorised service centre  I was shocked to be informed that the display and motherboard is damaged due to fungal issues and hence needs to be replaced which won't be covered under warranty as they suspect that the ...READ MORE",1.0
OsamREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product...👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Waste for money  because  touch screen not workingREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
One and only super mobile i have ever seenREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Fair enoughREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Lick mi mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is ok. Flipkart is amazing workREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
great phone.READ MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money...READ MORE,5.0
Super 👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is lagging and display broken very soon 🤦🏽‍♀️Heating on charging ......suddenly goes off and after 3-5min  received a notification like system not responding ...READ MORE,1.0
Everything is fine but network problem is a big issue with this mobile phone.READ MORE,3.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
No problem for daily useREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super mopileREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality from redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
It's a very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone at this price redmi 8 is a starREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile hang any time switch offREAD MORE,1.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
𝗦𝘂𝗽𝗲𝗿READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Is okREAD MORE,4.0
Nice change back upREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in the time of lockdownREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice  phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Satisfied only 10 kREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm mobile at low budget thank you so much flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good phone at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but colour ja Raha haiREAD MORE,5.0
Fine device at the price range. Happy shopping experience and the delivery speeds were fast.READ MORE,5.0
This what happened after 6month of use so don't buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
gud product..READ MORE,4.0
It is a good productREAD MORE,4.0
It's really goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Android ❣️❣️READ MORE,5.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Smooth productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality from redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
It's a very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone at this price redmi 8 is a starREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile hang any time switch offREAD MORE,1.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
𝗦𝘂𝗽𝗲𝗿READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Super cuteREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
littile heating issue on continuous usage and gaming nice  performanceoveroll good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile save Mani good.READ MORE,5.0
It's really goodREAD MORE,3.0
overall goodREAD MORE,4.0
Fingerprint scanner slowREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
"Not a good buy, only good thing is SD @ 4/64 gb at 10k price, hang and touch response issues persists.READ MORE",3.0
NEWREAD MORE,5.0
Not getting signals. Having issue with hardwareREAD MORE,3.0
Avarage mobailREAD MORE,3.0
Mobile get hanging.READ MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's really goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Android ❣️❣️READ MORE,5.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Smooth productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good 👍👍READ MORE,3.0
Good mobile nice battery backup also working goodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery -GoodCamera and Display -Below AverageValue for money.READ MORE,4.0
"Bad Experience. After use of 2 month the backside colour was melting, dont buy this product.READ MORE",1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product...READ MORE,5.0
Verry niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Bluetooth connectivity is very bad, missing  first sim network automatically then need to restart your phone.READ MORE",1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
"Not a good buy, only good thing is SD @ 4/64 gb at 10k price, hang and touch response issues persists.READ MORE",3.0
NEWREAD MORE,5.0
Not getting signals. Having issue with hardwareREAD MORE,3.0
Avarage mobailREAD MORE,3.0
Mobile get hanging.READ MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Wow mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Weight is too heavyREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very rubbish product.. After use of 2 months it got a curve in  phone...READ MORE,5.0
I brought this for my cousin sister and she liked it!READ MORE,5.0
It is goodREAD MORE,4.0
The disadvantage about the mobile is not moreAnd also it's good to use.READ MORE,4.0
Veri  GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Superb quality products by miREAD MORE,5.0
Completely useless phone don't waist your money go for higher phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Completely useless phone don't waste your  money bcz this phone has a very low and old quality of snapdragon  processorREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good batter life i like itREAD MORE,4.0
Camera quality is not good..but  The Sound is very good 👍 Performence are too good of this phoneThickness is too much..READ MORE,1.0
Best phone....Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobile and very fast delivery battery performance good...READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
This is good mobile looking. Fantastic so beautifulREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Not charge MobilREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile.....super performanceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwsmeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Really good quality... Awsome futures... That amazing yar.. Good.... And best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Body colour on back side is removed..READ MORE,1.0
Valuable ❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Wow mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Weight is too heavyREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very rubbish product.. After use of 2 months it got a curve in  phone...READ MORE,5.0
I brought this for my cousin sister and she liked it!READ MORE,5.0
It is goodREAD MORE,4.0
The disadvantage about the mobile is not moreAnd also it's good to use.READ MORE,4.0
Product was good for its PriceREAD MORE,4.0
Super...READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Avg productREAD MORE,4.0
Not bad productREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Soo slow mobile. Hanging problem also.READ MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best experienceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice Product, competitive rates.....READ MORE",4.0
Nice piece and very good service.READ MORE,5.0
Value for money productREAD MORE,4.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Over all it is a better phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 very nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, but camera problem, not clear, blur in zoomREAD MORE",3.0
Best phonREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is very bad Never bought thisREAD MORE,1.0
Nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Suddenly Without touch mobile started any application..N suddenly call anyone..This is horrible mobile...I was hard reset bt problm not resolved...Plz don not buy this cellphone..READ MORE,1.0
Super...READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Avg productREAD MORE,4.0
Not bad productREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Soo slow mobile. Hanging problem also.READ MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
I think it is not fit problemIt has over hearing problemsREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice pictureREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Most cheapest phone and awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good budget smartphone...READ MORE,4.0
camera quality poor otherwise goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
OwsomeREAD MORE,4.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Budget mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's okay for normal usersREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Brought it at Rs. 7999..READ MORE,5.0
Overall good but bulkyREAD MORE,4.0
"Do not buy this phone at all, my display got internal damaged by it's own within 10days, and in MI center they charged me for new display for 3300/- Rs.. By saying me that, Display got damaged Bcoz of me!READ MORE",1.0
Best phonREAD MORE,4.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile for value for money Battery A classBudget mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good photoREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
I think it is not fit problemIt has over hearing problemsREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice pictureREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Most cheapest phone and awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good budget smartphone...READ MORE,4.0
camera quality poor otherwise goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
The phone was good for price before 2020 June or something but now u get many more 10 times better phones at the price 10000READ MORE,3.0
Not works goodREAD MORE,2.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Owesome ,,👍👍👍👍READ MORE",4.0
BetarREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Owo very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, fast and safe delivery with good packingREAD MORE",5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SprREAD MORE,4.0
very nice mobilei like miREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
This is very bad please do not buy itREAD MORE,2.0
Wonderful mobile build quality and also designe. 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
This is very good product.. I love you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Average performance in 8k.READ MORE,5.0
So nice wowREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phn at this budget🤞🏻READ MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The bestREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not good bettry charging problemREAD MORE,1.0
It is a good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,1.0
Perfect phone for poor people best phone ever since I am using 18 months not even single repairREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile dil khus huvaaREAD MORE,4.0
After a month I see many lagging problem while running any apps and still facing.READ MORE,2.0
The phone was good for price before 2020 June or something but now u get many more 10 times better phones at the price 10000READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is  super😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Back panel too badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Just wow, must go for buy.READ MORE",5.0
Nice phone and thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
very cheap mobileREAD MORE,1.0
"I had faith in redmi, that is the reason I ordered this phone. But, from the first week it is getting off by itself. And sometimes it is very difficult to switch it on.  I am posting the review after two months of use and I am not satisfied with this phone.READ MORE",2.0
First tanqu Flipkart for fast delivery ....1)nice mobail 2) looking cool with blue colour 3) battery backup is nice one time full charge one day ...4)  Display wos ok not sure is better  5) but on budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone in this price range.READ MORE,4.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very efficient phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good not badREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Simple goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for budget person with good quality productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera clarity is really bad..  Not as expected..READ MORE,3.0
UI needs to be improved.Okay phone in given Price. No issues Using since 3 monthsREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
"NO SOO GOOD , PRICE IS VERY HGHREAD MORE",2.0
Super mobile wonderful battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Not up to the markREAD MORE,4.0
Good and nice looking mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money cell phone.....READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ExpensiveREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone.dont buy for your own use..for mothers and fathersREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb 👌🏻READ MORE,5.0
Don’t buy online. Nobody will repair it in Bangalore if you bought online. Phone dead within 1 month. No proper service centre.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Nice. Thanks.READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Veryy fast to play FREE 🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Great performance...Awesome camera...Nice mobile...READ MORE,5.0
back cover colour will vanish badREAD MORE,2.0
Hanging issue Chinese product.black dot on screenREAD MORE,2.0
SUPERREAD MORE,5.0
Verry niceREAD MORE,5.0
veryyy gud productREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Simple goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for budget person with good quality productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera clarity is really bad..  Not as expected..READ MORE,3.0
UI needs to be improved.Okay phone in given Price. No issues Using since 3 monthsREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
"NO SOO GOOD , PRICE IS VERY HGHREAD MORE",2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.READ MORE,5.0
good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied with processorREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NICE PHONEREAD MORE,5.0
Avg camREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb 👌🏻READ MORE,5.0
Don’t buy online. Nobody will repair it in Bangalore if you bought online. Phone dead within 1 month. No proper service centre.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Nice. Thanks.READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Veryy fast to play FREE 🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Very satisfied with redmi 8... ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
"VERY NICE, & BATTERY SERVICE IS VERY GOOD.READ MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Riplesh my phoneREAD MORE,1.0
best product than others brands.READ MORE,4.0
Before you are buying this mobile check reviews Camera and display quality not at all goodREAD MORE,1.0
I have use last more than 6 months .There is no issue . Very very Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product but camera not goodREAD MORE,4.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall good phone, but camera quality is not up to the mark.READ MORE",4.0
I am so happy😁READ MORE,4.0
Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous phone for this budgetNyc battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
It's a Good Mobile with 4gb ram 64gb rom and 5000 mah battery. Good battery stability. Totally it is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodectREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not chargingREAD MORE,2.0
Simple super superREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Suparb.READ MORE,5.0
SuperBut battery is not nice than resumeRealme battery life is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile good in this price rangeBut made in china ??READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NYC phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ???....super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Really greatREAD MORE,5.0
Good and fast working and I am satisfied buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
"Good mobile under 10k, must buy productWith good performanceREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"It's approx 1 year, the phone is at its initial condition.There is no issues in it.Battery is good.Display is good.And it's best phone in ? 8k .READ MORE",5.0
Osm?READ MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Good products and servicesREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Nyc clickREAD MORE,5.0
The phone lags too muchREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
camera not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Product is so good but Filipkart delivery boy not so good.READ MORE,4.0
Network problemREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile in budget and quality.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
swift and smoothREAD MORE,5.0
It's GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good product ??READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Not bad ....READ MORE,4.0
It was amazing phone from clipcart thankyou so muchREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,4.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ery good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It was very good at cost.. No complaint and love my cell phone very much❤🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
Very nice👍👍👍👍READ MORE,3.0
If you want to buy for Camera then this is very BAD (:READ MORE,2.0
Superb at this price pointREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 Best QualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone given review after 6 monthREAD MORE,5.0
After using 7month...it is best  phone in 8k tillbdae.READ MORE,4.0
Not bad In the budgetREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"It's approx 1 year, the phone is at its initial condition.There is no issues in it.Battery is good.Display is good.And it's best phone in ? 8k .READ MORE",5.0
Osm?READ MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Good products and servicesREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Nyc clickREAD MORE,5.0
The phone lags too muchREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
camera not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Product is so good but Filipkart delivery boy not so good.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Please Don't Buy My phone s back side paint is removedREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome ....Display is not hdCamera is according to priceGOOD battery backup .READ MORE,5.0
Ok product don't expect too much.READ MORE,3.0
Good products..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Good product ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Superb at this price pointREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi 8 Best QualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone given review after 6 monthREAD MORE,5.0
After using 7month...it is best  phone in 8k tillbdae.READ MORE,4.0
Not bad In the budgetREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"The internet speed is not good as expected from xiaomi with this phone. Very slow speed of internet, but other phone's internet work better than itREAD MORE",4.0
Average Phone..Now price hikeREAD MORE,4.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Really goodREAD MORE,5.0
Vare NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone it isREAD MORE,5.0
Super 📱& 👌 📸READ MORE,5.0
Value of money this is good to online classes for children camera is goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's to goodREAD MORE,4.0
Not bad. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Its a good device at this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
This product is very good.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good but overpricedREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Over all goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Charger heati g issueREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
Pubg hangREAD MORE,1.0
Normal performanceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is heavy uncomfortable for carryREAD MORE,3.0
Camra quality  is very  lowREAD MORE,4.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Average Phone..Now price hikeREAD MORE,4.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Really goodREAD MORE,5.0
Vare NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone it isREAD MORE,5.0
Super 📱& 👌 📸READ MORE,5.0
Value of money this is good to online classes for children camera is goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's to goodREAD MORE,4.0
Not bad. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
camera and display is not good enough otherwise not bad... quite slow bcz of its processor...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good...avrag phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good piceREAD MORE,5.0
Display is dull. Camera is laggy and photo quality is  poor.READ MORE,2.0
"Very nice, I was ordered for my dad, it is good for my bad.READ MORE",5.0
I am using it since last 2 months... Everything is okay but camera is not upto the mark . Rest all the things are good. Yeah I like it. Go for it if u want to buy in this range of price.READ MORE,4.0
Super quality and value for maoneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone 👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone using mobile for 6 months got for Rs.8000 worth the money...READ MORE,5.0
Super buy knowREAD MORE,5.0
Best productsREAD MORE,5.0
Back colour is bad qualityREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome But it lags Although it got fixed after updateREAD MORE,4.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good for Daily useREAD MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is very good bt the camera quality is too bad . At these price the phone is best I loved itREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good but my phone get stolenREAD MORE,4.0
Hmmm ok ok in rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good but camera quality is worstREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Back colour is gone in few months I'm very disappointedREAD MORE,2.0
Best product and price alsoREAD MORE,4.0
Veri goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Best mid range phnREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product , I bought it on 7999READ MORE",5.0
It awesome...nice lookREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super...READ MORE,4.0
Good product 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value of many.READ MORE,5.0
Low body qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product and amazing  features  in this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super hitREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
I had broken alsoREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
solidREAD MORE,3.0
Vary goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile back panel colour removeed in 2 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
Really good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,4.0
"As usual, pathetic MI phone. This my 2nd MI phone. MI phones are vulnerable to screen damage. And replacing it is costly. So if you are looking for a lasting phone. Dont go for MI. My screen got damaged in just 1 year. Started getting lines hazy screen in just 1 year. Also this particular phone hangs a lot. In a nut shell. Save money and invest in phone which lasts longer, not MI which looks good initially, but doesn't last long. I miss NOKIA😓READ MORE",2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Budjet Segment good phone. Can be considered for battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Good overall 👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile best value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good one In this price..READ MORE,3.0
"Very good product , I bought it on 7999READ MORE",5.0
It awesome...nice lookREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super...READ MORE,4.0
Good product 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value of many.READ MORE,5.0
Low body qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product and amazing  features  in this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mobail is hangingREAD MORE,1.0
I am writing this review after using this phone more than 2months... Everything is good.... But the phone Have a problem of hanging...it hangs tooo much....  !!Dissopointed with the productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product thank you flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Not good. Some problems comingNot work properlyREAD MORE,3.0
Good product and value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Vary nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best gaming phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
I have this phone am order another ist to goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone on 8000READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Budjet Segment good phone. Can be considered for battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Good overall 👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile best value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good one In this price..READ MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Decent phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good and nice camera and full backup better very nice redmi 8 mobile 👌👌👍👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Rate costlyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Love it very nice👍👏 mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
50-50 okREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Not good not badREAD MORE,3.0
Product is totally goodREAD MORE,5.0
Decent one. But now a days there are more better than redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good looking but battery simpleREAD MORE,4.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Its very slow & hangingREAD MORE,2.0
Thank uREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Worst productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"This mobile works smoothly even when there is a very low battery. Battery backup is amazing. Long-lasting 5000mah battery. It is not that good for playing high power games like pubg or cod. Camera quality is slightly low, but for this price range, it's ok.READ MORE",4.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Better for the moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in this price range. Thanks Flipkart But redmi this phone camera could be betterREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Ossom phone with paisa wasul productREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Super bestREAD MORE,5.0
Gugfdgh deleteREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile under the priceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Decent phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good and nice camera and full backup better very nice redmi 8 mobile 👌👌👍👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Rate costlyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Love it very nice👍👏 mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
50-50 okREAD MORE,3.0
Good amezing best valueREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice worth able moneyREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Classy productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good photREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Worst productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"This mobile works smoothly even when there is a very low battery. Battery backup is amazing. Long-lasting 5000mah battery. It is not that good for playing high power games like pubg or cod. Camera quality is slightly low, but for this price range, it's ok.READ MORE",4.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Better for the moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in this price range. Thanks Flipkart But redmi this phone camera could be betterREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic mobile . Iam happy thanks Flipkart good delivery.READ MORE,5.0
Superb phone at this price and from a trusted brand!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone in best rateREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money. SortedREAD MORE,4.0
It's okay but camra quality is not much betterEverything is fine according to me exept camaraREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone with affordable priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Please don't buy this mobile. Only and only wastage of money. Camera quality very poor, performance very poor, Hanging problem so far.READ MORE",2.0
Above averageREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
Good amezing best valueREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice worth able moneyREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Classy productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good photREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone under this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy this phone absolutely waste of Money.. Fingerprint sensor not working phone hanging.. Screen hang issue.. Only battery is good rest all waste.....READ MORE,1.0
Nice phone...but not scratch resistantREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice service by flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Supar niceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
SoooperREAD MORE,5.0
awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in this this price segment!READ MORE,4.0
Good phone on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Product very goodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
More specs for that budget goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Really good and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Only 3 month used charging connector not workingREAD MORE,3.0
i liked it so muchREAD MORE,5.0
West of money very very Bad cameras and show pictures quality.READ MORE,1.0
Nice smooth display back side colour very dullREAD MORE,5.0
Good battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Just fineREAD MORE,3.0
Fine froductREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile... amazing featuresREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Battery is too heating, camera and Display superREAD MORE",4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Total value for maoney....READ MORE,5.0
Waste of 💰READ MORE,1.0
Got it best price. I gifted it to my mom.... she is happy nowREAD MORE,5.0
over priceREAD MORE,3.0
Good phone best displayREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Headphones issue is there anything in MI mobilesREAD MORE,4.0
Nyc futureREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone in this this price segment!READ MORE,4.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Good One and worth it ..READ MORE,5.0
Signal problemREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's like iron boxREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone 👍READ MORE,5.0
Wrost phone everREAD MORE,1.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Front camera is too bad but the other parts and display, battery back camera is good.READ MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality is bad  and the look of phone is also not greatREAD MORE,1.0
Not bad but we want some extra futuresREAD MORE,3.0
Normal phoneREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
Nice product at lower priceREAD MORE,5.0
It's good product 👌READ MORE,4.0
Should produce water resistant phonesREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Veri nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
"very good quality mobile ,I am very happy 😇READ MORE",5.0
Very good productsREAD MORE,5.0
"Good, for its valueREAD MORE",4.0
Good PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile battery quality goodVolume quality badREAD MORE,4.0
Cemara averageREAD MORE,3.0
Set is ok. You know I brought 2 set but sorry to say this item having hanging troubleREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is good in this mobileIt's performance and display is great but one thing it disappointed me i.e. cameraIt camera quality is badIf u want to buy a mobile of a better camera than my suggestion is to buy a realme phonesREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in this budgetREAD MORE,1.0
nothing to say simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Superp shotREAD MORE,5.0
Back side colour coating damaged near camera within one monthREAD MORE,3.0
"Bad body coating, coating got erected after 3 months.READ MORE",3.0
Nice product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,3.0
I am Abhijit from Dolaigaon Bng this is realy goodREAD MORE,5.0
Valued for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Disply is not workingREAD MORE,2.0
"Normal ,good phoneREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Pls don't buy this phone.READ MORE,2.0
"Don't waste money.... Mobile having freezing nd hanging problem, camera not working properlyREAD MORE",1.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good really awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good but ChineseREAD MORE,4.0
Back camera is not that expectedRest of all features are good against cost of productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
It's display and brightness are not good some time phone hangs. Bugs found in phone repeatedly.Not good..READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phone and first charge long battery back-upREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought it for my dad, he like it and he said that it's user . friendly. Thank you flipkartREAD MORE",4.0
Don't buy this phone it is waste of your moneyREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
U shouldn't buy this becz mi note 9 prime launched .Which is better than itREAD MORE,4.0
Better mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Display is not brandREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
V Nice Good Budget PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Back panel easily getting paint peel offREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Really I feel very happy.its a good prodtREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile.......and service is very fast....thank u....Flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Is very good mobile is batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Best proudect and fast serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Back camera is not that expectedRest of all features are good against cost of productREAD MORE,3.0
Net speed very badREAD MORE,2.0
its a good phone. No complaints. buy it. its simple and can be used by old people tooREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
It's too good..after using this phone i am satisfied with this.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best and Perfect mobile for this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Not suitable for gamingREAD MORE,1.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice processor snapdragon 465READ MORE,5.0
"Jabbardust mobile 😎Display 5/4Battery 5/5Camra 5/4 ( in daylight) Performence is not well in indoor☺Snapgregan 439 is very powerful 5/4Look is very nice 👍5/5Dark mode is very good🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋Most interesting part is MI software Sapport  anlimited wallpaper, thems, font, ringtoneIs free free😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇Campere to other brands😜😜😜😜READ MORE",4.0
I love this mobile processor is good battery is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good one value for money dont expect too muchREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone in this this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Basically due to low processor it has issues.READ MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good for elderly peopleREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It's very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Better mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Display is not brandREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
V Nice Good Budget PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product for price of the phoneREAD MORE,4.0
It's a very good phone in valueREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,2.0
"Superb phone...Redmi gives you a budget friendly power packed premium looking smartphone here.* DESIGN  8/10* PERFORMANCE  8/10* DISPLAY  5.5/10* CAMERA 5.5/10Design is awesome super and fantastic design neat glossy finished plastic back body and metallic finishes on sides,notch on the top finger print is mounted behind the phone Performance is ok and good for the budget no compromise in the performance at this price .Display i feel display is little bit bad and nits are too low and s...READ MORE",4.0
Net speed very badREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"It's just ok, don't buy it for camera because it's performance is bad specially in indoor conditions and also it's bulyREAD MORE",3.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product from miREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Fast hotREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NcREAD MORE,5.0
Osm itemREAD MORE,5.0
4GM ram with 64GB storage but works like a 2gb ramREAD MORE,3.0
"Jabbardust mobile 😎Display 5/4Battery 5/5Camra 5/4 ( in daylight) Performence is not well in indoor☺Snapgregan 439 is very powerful 5/4Look is very nice 👍5/5Dark mode is very good🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋🦋Most interesting part is MI software Sapport  anlimited wallpaper, thems, font, ringtoneIs free free😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇Campere to other brands😜😜😜😜READ MORE",4.0
I love this mobile processor is good battery is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good one value for money dont expect too muchREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone in this this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Basically due to low processor it has issues.READ MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good for elderly peopleREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It's very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Heaby weightREAD MORE,5.0
In this range there are many options it's camera quality is poorREAD MORE,3.0
This phone is performing well and running fine without any heat and battery issue .. would recommend this phone under budget cost ..👍👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb phone... Got it in  9999 ...READ MORE,3.0
AswomREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product. Used for 10 months.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile heating problmREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone with this budget and specificationsREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile phone is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"V, goodREAD MORE",5.0
Superb products thanks again Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Nice itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Hanging the phone. Keypad not allow to type. Very slow performanceREAD MORE,1.0
Great ProductREAD MORE,5.0
"After 3 months getting charging issues, after 5 months getting network issue ......READ MORE",1.0
Average phone.Bulky.Screen clarity average.OK at this price range.READ MORE,5.0
"It's just ok, don't buy it for camera because it's performance is bad specially in indoor conditions and also it's bulyREAD MORE",3.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product from miREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Fast hotREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NcREAD MORE,5.0
Osm itemREAD MORE,5.0
4GM ram with 64GB storage but works like a 2gb ramREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good cell  in low costREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌READ MORE,5.0
Good onesREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good Quality 😌READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
"Best mid range smart phone at this price range. Best buy for medium level users and elders, and not for gamers and photograpy lovers.READ MORE",5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bad @9999Good @7999READ MORE,2.0
Nice😊READ MORE,5.0
Nice Product 👍READ MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone. thanks 😊 flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Its camera doesn't work goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Mind-blowingREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile phone is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"V, goodREAD MORE",5.0
Superb products thanks again Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Nice itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Hanging the phone. Keypad not allow to type. Very slow performanceREAD MORE,1.0
Great ProductREAD MORE,5.0
"After 3 months getting charging issues, after 5 months getting network issue ......READ MORE",1.0
Average phone.Bulky.Screen clarity average.OK at this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing phone I am so happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product in this segmentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in this range.. awesome battery backup..READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Giving reviews after using this phone for 8 months. This phone is not up to mark as compared to Red Mi note 4 which I was using earlier. Processor is too slow. Battery backup is good that last for a day after heavy use. Display issue is there as brightness got down automatically and you have to remove auto brightness mode to get rid of it. You cannot see the display in sun light and need shadow. Camara and video quality is not as sharp and no additional features there as compared to other sim...READ MORE,3.0
Very worst product...READ MORE,1.0
Mobile is  nice and brand is niceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good mobile Body color removedREAD MORE,2.0
Very good cell  in low costREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
OkokREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm not sure, if my review is after all useful. I doubt, if someone reads it! But, after a use of 8 months, apart from features, following are the pros & cons, I have found in Redmi 81. Attractive design2. Long life battery3. Smooth performance4. Beautiful UI5. Clear sound/voice------6. Average camera7. Hangs sometimes8. A bit bulky and heavy9. Pop up ads, unless you learn to keep them off10. Large body to screen ratioOverall it is a best budget phone. Go with it.READ MORE",4.0
"Nice,, does the job at this price.READ MORE",4.0
Voice is low in calling time and voice cuttingREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
"It's worth for 9999, Camara not that much worthREAD MORE",5.0
"After 6 to 7 Month, phone back colour was removed and phone handed many times and phone lacked at gaming time, please don't buy this productREAD MORE",1.0
BeatREAD MORE,5.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Superb and looks premium.READ MORE,5.0
"Bad performance in this phone camera 0, Batter 0, display 0, And made in chinaREAD MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mic problem in deviceREAD MORE,1.0
Budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,4.0
I got this on 8000 This is good for daily use but not good for gamingREAD MORE,3.0
Gfosbjdgxm nxjfl ugREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything is perfect, a nice product .READ MORE",5.0
Very nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone under 10kREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile under 10kREAD MORE,5.0
I love this phone 😍😍❤️❤️ Thank you for FlipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi is Redmi in Indian market.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality not good and processor is very lowREAD MORE,2.0
Autemetic function start on what's up video call and slow mobile and bed profomenceREAD MORE,2.0
Nice and Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone but camera not good so (expected more).READ MORE,4.0
"best in price range, but now better realme options availableREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product....camera quality is good... valuable for this moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.... But i m not satisfied with battery🔋 backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Osm pictures qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good value of money got it for low priceREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
Osm✌READ MORE,5.0
The software used in this mobile is very poorHanging often Otherwise good productREAD MORE,2.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone.....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Rally awesome for this product, delivery super fastREAD MORE",4.0
Biggest of that deatREAD MORE,2.0
Good mobile...the green back is awesome.price should be lessREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Item got hanged after 10 days of receipt.  Got it repaired  locally.  Again got hanged after another fortnight.  Now working.READ MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Camera not okkREAD MORE,2.0
Camera is not good if you purchase for crystal clear photo this is not for youREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good workingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Thnx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money 💰 phone😀. One must go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good working designREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality not good and processor is very lowREAD MORE,2.0
Autemetic function start on what's up video call and slow mobile and bed profomenceREAD MORE,2.0
Nice and Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone but camera not good so (expected more).READ MORE,4.0
"best in price range, but now better realme options availableREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product....camera quality is good... valuable for this moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.... But i m not satisfied with battery🔋 backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Osm pictures qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good value of money got it for low priceREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
Osm✌READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile in price my family 3 mobile user 😊READ MORE,5.0
This mobile phone is very good to battery pickup ...And price is very less so...Thanks Flipkart ...Give me this amazing cell phone ...😎😎😍😍😘😘READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good...READ MORE,5.0
The phone is a good choice at this price point. Currently working smooth after so many days of usage.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile phone is good battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
"Redmi 8 this is a good product . looking shine and Amazing ,READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Vocha is a very beautiful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Overall superb👌👌 mobile phone in low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super ❤️READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Ossom 2019 modelREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful✨😍READ MORE,5.0
These soft ware is very badREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phone but some time it lag or it becomes slow in function.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's good... Something seem a bit of in this phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Camera clearty is missing in this mobile . Blur imagesREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,3.0
Supreme quality and performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Just superbREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality product.READ MORE,5.0
"This phone performs well, and its battery also performs very well and its fast charger is a little slow but better than the Surrey charger. Its camera is not very good. Its display is slightly wider and the length is correct. But it does not look beautiful. And everyone has their own choice .Because of its money, this phone is not good, instead you should buy realme Nazro 10a.Its performance is very bad 1 year before it started to hang.READ MORE",3.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good purchase for my sister - does the job well for the level of usage she has. Camera is also ok.READ MORE,4.0
This is mobile is averageREAD MORE,1.0
Feeling Happy to use it after a yearREAD MORE,5.0
"This is a very good quality , best thing is battery backup is grateREAD MORE",5.0
Very bad set not work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Good phone value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile at 7k price but front camera will disappoint you with 5mp.READ MORE,4.0
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good onesREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile@8000READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought this phone because of the specifications that seemed better than its successor in terms of the Snapdragon processor and the battery life. All went well until just 2 months of usage and I am facing ""ghost touch"" issue. The buttons get pressed automatically and not able to unlock the phone due to this issue and basically not usable. Did not expect such a faulty product from a top brand Xiaomi.READ MORE",1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Purchased for mu chid as he is studying onlineREAD MORE,4.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Product is fantastic .. TNX to Flipkart teamREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not good videos are getting hangedREAD MORE,2.0
Camera...Worst (Lava camera is better then this phone) Charger port.... Worst(why different from other charger?)READ MORE,2.0
Valuable priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
After 11months peel off noticed in back panelREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Wow wow wow nice product nice phone 😍READ MORE,5.0
Battery power is excellentREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product 👍READ MORE,5.0
Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,3.0
excellent work ...thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
All over good smartphoneREAD MORE,4.0
Mi rocks.READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone but price should be less.READ MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice I love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Prices is highlyREAD MORE,3.0
Actually in my point of view this product is awesome such as this range of amount.READ MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Purchased for mu chid as he is studying onlineREAD MORE,4.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Product is fantastic .. TNX to Flipkart teamREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not good videos are getting hangedREAD MORE,2.0
Camera...Worst (Lava camera is better then this phone) Charger port.... Worst(why different from other charger?)READ MORE,2.0
over hearing problem and system not working properly.READ MORE,2.0
Camera battery and display everything is fantastic 😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Awesome handsetREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OswmREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable in this priceNot badREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile everbest mobile everREAD MORE,5.0
Great timeREAD MORE,4.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
please don't go with this phone as camera quality is very bad overall experience is very bad..READ MORE,1.0
Good nice productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
This I bought it for my friend she said everything is good.READ MORE,5.0
Average.READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Bad cameraREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
best mobREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is very awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good one.READ MORE,5.0
Very very dull cameraREAD MORE,1.0
Only for low budget userREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad not work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Good product 👍👌👍😊READ MORE,5.0
At this price point good working processorREAD MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,4.0
Good product.. U can buy thisREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Camera isn't that good.just an averageREAD MORE,4.0
Very good phone camera is good battery backup is very nice valuable phone love itREAD MORE,5.0
Super DesignREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOODREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone cheap priceREAD MORE,5.0
"very nic , but price more than 1500 in lockdown.READ MORE",5.0
Perfect phone to gift Elders.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Camera battery and display everything is fantastic 😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Awesome handsetREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OswmREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable in this priceNot badREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile everbest mobile everREAD MORE,5.0
Great timeREAD MORE,4.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
please don't go with this phone as camera quality is very bad overall experience is very bad..READ MORE,1.0
Good nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Ok okREAD MORE,4.0
Best below 10k.Not written made in India.Made in China.READ MORE,5.0
Best below 10k.READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in this range .READ MORE,5.0
Average DeviceREAD MORE,3.0
Very very dull cameraREAD MORE,1.0
Only for low budget userREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad not work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Good product 👍👌👍😊READ MORE,5.0
At this price point good working processorREAD MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,4.0
Good product.. U can buy thisREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
Good but not bestREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.im very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful and very helpful as it good battery  back up .READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
If ur budget is tight..then go for it...READ MORE,4.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Would be unfair if I give it anything less than 5 stars. Champion in all aspects. Some 5 lakh 5 stars already been given by users. Just added 1 more to the number.READ MORE,5.0
So many hanging problemREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
Phone is best at this price and battery backup is bestREAD MORE,4.0
Good companyREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Overall nice in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It a good phone..READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Osam ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Thumbs upREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Dual camera doesn't  workingREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Local mobileREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Hangging problem camera not work properly,READ MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Display clearity not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Product good and flipkart service goodREAD MORE,5.0
Avarage productREAD MORE,5.0
"After two weeks Microphone problem, no call soundsREAD MORE",1.0
Very nice product for this price.READ MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone but Snapdragon is low.so,performance is slowIt is not for gaming(you can play small games) it is good for normal useREAD MORE",4.0
Nice fone in this budget .READ MORE,5.0
Redmi have downgraded the quality also there are many options like poco m2 etc present at better rateREAD MORE,2.0
VOICE IS NOT CLEARREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone for a normal userREAD MORE,4.0
Yeah. C type cable18W Fast charging6.2 screen4 -64 combo5000mah batteryAwesome in hand feelGorilla glass 5My requirement was6.2 screen size.. C type charge...big battery and 4 64 combo.M not a gamer . So higgghhh end processing was not required .And this is the one i finalize after a lotttt of comparisons and data mining. It has everything i needed and more. And its awesome. It was the best till august 2020 . Now i don't know about new launches.READ MORE,5.0
I giving the feedback of this after using 2 month.Nice phone n awesome to operate.Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice.... GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Bought it for my Friend 🙂READ MORE,4.0
Phone is best at this price and battery backup is bestREAD MORE,4.0
Good companyREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Overall nice in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It a good phone..READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Osam ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Thumbs upREAD MORE,4.0
I wish I could have bought realme (READ MORE,2.0
Super 👌 use fullREAD MORE,3.0
Ovarally good phone ...READ MORE,5.0
👌👌GoodREAD MORE,5.0
camera clarity not goodREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  phone in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Phone & ServiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone for free fireREAD MORE,5.0
It is best phone...all most buy it...thanks seller and flipkart....guys those who want to buy please go for it...red looks awesome .....READ MORE,5.0
IT S GOODREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for 8000READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobile phone thanks for redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone 🙂READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Class phone rangeREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Wery good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Good performance, budget price mobileREAD MORE",5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Budget segment best phone..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Product is ok but when we connect wifi there is no contact will be expired and internet is speed very slow compare to vivo same network same place.. Bad experience about redmi ..READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not working properlyREAD MORE,2.0
Super 😁READ MORE,5.0
Touch screen not working goodREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome 💥READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup is goodCharging is averageCamera is averageBut phone heat too much during normal useREAD MORE,2.0
"network problem,but overall good phone.READ MORE",4.0
Super very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this segmentREAD MORE,5.0
I like it. 1) super back camera2) nice battery backup3) good sound quality4) worth for moneyOverall good performance Fast delivery by flipcartThank you flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
Best for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Design is good but it's not so slim.READ MORE,4.0
Value for money onlyREAD MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone 🙂READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Class phone rangeREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Wery good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Good performance, budget price mobileREAD MORE",5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Budget segment best phone..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Product is ok but when we connect wifi there is no contact will be expired and internet is speed very slow compare to vivo same network same place.. Bad experience about redmi ..READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not working properlyREAD MORE,2.0
Super 😁READ MORE,5.0
Touch screen not working goodREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome 💥READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup is goodCharging is averageCamera is averageBut phone heat too much during normal useREAD MORE,2.0
"network problem,but overall good phone.READ MORE",4.0
Super very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice foneREAD MORE,4.0
very badREAD MORE,1.0
DIsplay not good otherwise looks good...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall good mobile, just display and screen some compromised.READ MORE",5.0
Like thatREAD MORE,4.0
Camra is not good but battery is good but display is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good phnREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice but not greatREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone tq Flipkart .READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Great product at such price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst phone ever.. Not recommended for pubg.. For normal use only..READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Not a badREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
👍niceREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought a Redmi 8 phone to my relative(ordering date 13/02/2020 and delivery date 16/02/2020)...It seems the front camera does not working...It shows camera error...cannot connect to camera....My relative updating mobile regularly.My relative told me recently,the front camera does not work for a long time.I does not give any negative marks....No one is perfect...so please try to give good customer warranty support or Try to exchange the mobile...It is the customer request...READ MORE",5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money. Best in price segment.READ MORE,4.0
"Best quality ,value for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
Bad mobileREAD MORE,1.0
Camera quality is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Good Product, My 12 year Old uses it. Battery is good but goes from 100% to 50% during Online classes. It has Fast Charging mode but haven't used it yet.Camera is excellent. Phone Supports heavy games like Call of Duty flawlessly, No Lag.Charging rate is about 1% per minute.Over all its a good phoneREAD MORE",5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Overall nice product.READ MORE,4.0
It's product is goodREAD MORE,3.0
very badREAD MORE,1.0
I love u redmiREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super superREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class. Still at this moment have to hate this as its origin is ChinaREAD MORE,4.0
Nice I am satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at 8000READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
A good buy in this budget. I would say that the phone has  decent performance in every field.READ MORE,4.0
"Super,phone,totaly 6 nos buy from Flipkart,thanks flipkart,thanks redmi also🥰🥰🥰READ MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwsmREAD MORE,5.0
It's a ok product not goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good not more goodREAD MORE,3.0
I am writing the review buy this product after 1 year this mbl is vry good and vry good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
osm productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Budget MobileREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone Writing review after  2 months Everything good but camera could be a little betterREAD MORE,4.0
"But it is china made, pls avoid to take this.READ MORE",3.0
Very nice mobile must buyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product at this range and customer care support are soooo nice if h have any issue about this product after purchase i am so happy :)READ MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this phone twicely but this time little bit costlier than earlier one,may be due to corona lockdown prices got hiked little bit.Overall good phone you can have at this range segment.READ MORE",4.0
"Good phone for online class, Social media and light gaming, Huge battery backup.. Little bulky.READ MORE",4.0
I love u redmiREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
This product performance is awesome on this price and battery is goodREAD MORE,5.0
It very bad product please do not purchaseREAD MORE,2.0
Earphone does not work properlyREAD MORE,3.0
Value of money performance not goodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera and performance is average look Wise goodREAD MORE,3.0
Super mobile.....I happy to bye it....very good experience...READ MORE,5.0
A good buy in this budget. I would say that the phone has  decent performance in every field.READ MORE,4.0
"Super,phone,totaly 6 nos buy from Flipkart,thanks flipkart,thanks redmi also🥰🥰🥰READ MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwsmREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
So nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Good Product but songs voice is not clearedREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone...but camera is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Price is bestBut performance is poorIt is best for  parentsBut not for youthPhone is not suitable for gaming..I experiences a lot of lag...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone is good for the price, just have 1 issue. I have an apple earphone and I cannot use it for calling purpose, I can hear others voice but no one can hear mine. Other earphones works fineREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"At the price range product is good. Camera quality is just OK. Performance should have been better but again at this price its nice. Should have a fast charger which is not there. Just for the price range I bought, its a complete package.READ MORE",4.0
"Very good product, nice camera and good battery backup, value for money👍👍READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice at this priceREAD MORE,3.0
Superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery packup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
This product performance is awesome on this price and battery is goodREAD MORE,5.0
It very bad product please do not purchaseREAD MORE,2.0
Earphone does not work properlyREAD MORE,3.0
Value of money performance not goodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera and performance is average look Wise goodREAD MORE,3.0
Super mobile.....I happy to bye it....very good experience...READ MORE,5.0
Cemra good but lighting feature is not available i hope add thisREAD MORE,5.0
"A well balanced phone.got it for 10,000 which looks little over priced.good phoneREAD MORE",5.0
Mst product hREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good but old nowREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good at price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Cheap LCD panel not upto the markCamera is the CheapestBuilt Quality is GoodREAD MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
So nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Good Product but songs voice is not clearedREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone...but camera is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Price is bestBut performance is poorIt is best for  parentsBut not for youthPhone is not suitable for gaming..I experiences a lot of lag...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Wowww camera not badREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Awasome product in this price. I would like to appreciate the delivery boy for his smart service.READ MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Back case is very badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
This  phone is awesome.  Value of money. Satisfy with   this productREAD MORE,5.0
Valu of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Thnk uREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
StopREAD MORE,3.0
Gud productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
This phone is best in this budget...bought it in Flipkart sale.Flipkart offers great discounts and timely delivery..thanks Flipkart.Love the aap also very user-friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone best Beatty backup and best camera📷📷📷📹📹📹READ MORE,5.0
Don't bay istam.... So quality badREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for mony recomendedREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
The color on back side is getting loose and falling.What a mess.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome picture and DisplayREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and battery backup but camera quality is not good.READ MORE,5.0
3rd class picsREAD MORE,1.0
Best smartphones under 10000rsREAD MORE,5.0
SUPERREAD MORE,4.0
Till now it is okayREAD MORE,4.0
Quite decent qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
An awesome product in this range...!!Mi is seriously awesome ♥️Loved this productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Decent Product and very good battery BackupREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good. Camera Clarity Is very  poor.. Not any other problem regarding the phn. Seeting also have some difficult at first. Now ok..READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Some expensiveREAD MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Camera 📸 quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's is a good phone under 9000 bugsREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
This  phone is awesome.  Value of money. Satisfy with   this productREAD MORE,5.0
Valu of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Thnk uREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
StopREAD MORE,3.0
Gud productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
This phone is best in this budget...bought it in Flipkart sale.Flipkart offers great discounts and timely delivery..thanks Flipkart.Love the aap also very user-friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone best Beatty backup and best camera📷📷📷📹📹📹READ MORE,5.0
Don't bay istam.... So quality badREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for mony recomendedREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
The color on back side is getting loose and falling.What a mess.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome picture and DisplayREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and battery backup but camera quality is not good.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
DisplayREAD MORE,1.0
It is made in chaina product .READ MORE,3.0
DecentREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
its battery not working .READ MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Just good but the gyroscope of this mobile is not so good and it has a delayed response.Overall it is a good mobile but this price rage you can get more better mobiles .READ MORE,4.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodouctREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile under 8000READ MORE,5.0
Excellent service flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Last good Xiaomi productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile bettery opREAD MORE,5.0
Network getting shut... We need reboot too much.. Too mush disturbingREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"3 month off uase,battery backup is only 12 hour and very slow chargingREAD MORE",2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productBut camera minusREAD MORE,2.0
It's been more than a year ... I have no complaints the battery life is awesome i charge once full 100 % and i lt works for 2 days ... Camera is grt ...lvd it value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good one and worth for this price range. I'm using this for almost one year no problems faced. Battery back up is awesome.READ MORE,4.0
So sweetREAD MORE,5.0
Its wonderful mobail for gamingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
DisplayREAD MORE,1.0
It is made in chaina product .READ MORE,3.0
DecentREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
its battery not working .READ MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Just good but the gyroscope of this mobile is not so good and it has a delayed response.Overall it is a good mobile but this price rage you can get more better mobiles .READ MORE,4.0
Good lookingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Looking wise awesome..My mom just love it..thank u flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
It’s nice phone. Value for money. So economical. Thanks Flipkart to give best price.READ MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's the best productREAD MORE,5.0
ExllentREAD MORE,5.0
World best smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone.Camera average.Overall okyREAD MORE,5.0
Good 🙂😊😊😊READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Last good Xiaomi productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile bettery opREAD MORE,5.0
Network getting shut... We need reboot too much.. Too mush disturbingREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"3 month off uase,battery backup is only 12 hour and very slow chargingREAD MORE",2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Atlas awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good Service Filipcard and Good phones ....READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's been around a month am using this phone. Good one.READ MORE,5.0
foodREAD MORE,5.0
Beautiful😍💓😍💓READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice budget phone with all essential specs for a satisfactory performance. Camera quality is average (excellent in day light conditions). No over heating issues till now. But experienced screen freezing problem at certain times. Overall good for a average user.READ MORE,3.0
value for money. Best product under Rs 10000READ MORE,5.0
Network connectivity is major issue.READ MORE,4.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad....READ MORE,2.0
in mid range superb phoneno lagsbattery backup superbdisplay. camera sound everything okREAD MORE,4.0
Budget phoneOver all performance goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's Better ..READ MORE,4.0
Perfect mobile for This costREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is Good in this rate .READ MORE,5.0
Nice products and value of money best performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Automatic touch screen problemREAD MORE,1.0
Last 1 year I am using it.... GreatREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"beautiful product,nice phone,Good build quality, overall good on this priceREAD MORE",4.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Best camera phone in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Really niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Very Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone but camera performances badREAD MORE,4.0
Very good....READ MORE,5.0
Atlas awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I brought this mobile on January 2020After using one month Mobile starter freezing and hanging issue......😡😡😡READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Not Good Because After a while, the color fadedREAD MORE",3.0
Really nice at this affordable price...READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Except camera everything is very good. But in this range camera is ok. But not very good.READ MORE,5.0
very nice phone in this price range... Red colour is very prominent and soothing... Taken for my father... satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm always satisfy with MI products, it's just another one!READ MORE",5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Totaly goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth buying.....READ MORE,5.0
"All is well,,,,in 💰READ MORE",4.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
It's have setting error not connect the wifi faster and laging always after use of 6 8 months this issue is facing by meREAD MORE,1.0
"Whenever I try to make a call, the phone automatically declines the Sim card for the same. Happens for more than 2 to 3 times.One star for this phone and 5 star for my older MI smartphone. Very disappointed by the product. It has diminished all the admiration which the previously bought MI smartphone had built.READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst processor very slow working .Not a good phoneREAD MORE,1.0
"Average phone, suddenly slipped  from hand and display cracked.READ MORE",3.0
Better than I expected. camera suffers in low lightREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product👌READ MORE,5.0
Good phone bought in 8k today no phone stand in this config and price.READ MORE,5.0
"Battery performance of the phone  is not as  what was expected and phone heats up very suddenly, sometimes I have to stop working due to heating and during charging my also phone heats up . Earlier  1 months of delivery the phone was used very less but now for 3-4 hours a days the phone heats up. If  I know this earlier I might have asked for replacement, as phone is working very good , very good features too but of no use as it heat up very suddenly . Otherwise  if this was not the problem t...READ MORE",3.0
Good phone at good budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
mobile good and niceREAD MORE,5.0
Super cameraREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, but lrice slightly highREAD MORE",5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Wanderful within budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
Evergreen mobileREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice mobile & delivery also fast, delivery boy is cooperativeREAD MORE",5.0
Worst productREAD MORE,1.0
Waste of money it's not wEven working I am not able to writtenREAD MORE,1.0
I brought this mobile on January 2020After using one month Mobile starter freezing and hanging issue......😡😡😡READ MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Not Good Because After a while, the color fadedREAD MORE",3.0
Really nice at this affordable price...READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Except camera everything is very good. But in this range camera is ok. But not very good.READ MORE,5.0
very nice phone in this price range... Red colour is very prominent and soothing... Taken for my father... satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm always satisfy with MI products, it's just another one!READ MORE",5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Totaly goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth buying.....READ MORE,5.0
"All is well,,,,in 💰READ MORE",4.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
It's have setting error not connect the wifi faster and laging always after use of 6 8 months this issue is facing by meREAD MORE,1.0
"Whenever I try to make a call, the phone automatically declines the Sim card for the same. Happens for more than 2 to 3 times.One star for this phone and 5 star for my older MI smartphone. Very disappointed by the product. It has diminished all the admiration which the previously bought MI smartphone had built.READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst processor very slow working .Not a good phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product battery backup is quite good at this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good.READ MORE,4.0
Wow this is great in such price .READ MORE,5.0
Nice product with good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
HangingREAD MORE,1.0
product is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in this budgetREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Battery is good... Processor is quite slow compare to others..READ MORE,3.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Bekaar qualityREAD MORE,1.0
in this budget very best quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good price more funREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Average phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Best at this price value for money sureREAD MORE,5.0
Not so great!!!READ MORE,3.0
West of money not buy pleaseREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product in cheap price thanks Flipkart for easy way to perchess.READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I am used about 1 year ago.it is good product value of money but sometimes it make issue.when I suddenly wake the phone.it being hang, automatically open Google and type ########.phir jab mein power off kar ke on karta hu tab tik hota h. It's good price value of moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
displya quality is badREAD MORE,2.0
Highly recommend to every one it's smart and battery is too cool and I enjoying a lotREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
Superb.But price is high.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Camera is too heartbreaking and Performance could be better. Otherwise it's a good one, surely value for money. #7200READ MORE",5.0
VERY GOOD ..NICEREAD MORE,3.0
"Real review after 5 months use..Processor is slow Not good for online classes Not good for video calls ..ITS HEATING ..,,,🔥May b little heavy .. and I feel processor is little slow ..READ MORE",2.0
Display normalREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
All is fine but too heavyREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Performance is not greatREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product battery backup is quite good at this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good but interested in other better productsREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone 💓after using continus 3 month good perfomanceREAD MORE,3.0
Yeah best use for normal useREAD MORE,1.0
Don't buy.....charging complaint..READ MORE,1.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Woow great phone for everything camera is good performance is good battery backup is amazing even pubg works good in phoneREAD MORE,5.0
TnxREAD MORE,4.0
Best 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bekaar qualityREAD MORE,1.0
in this budget very best quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good price more funREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Average phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Best at this price value for money sureREAD MORE,5.0
Not so great!!!READ MORE,3.0
West of money not buy pleaseREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product in cheap price thanks Flipkart for easy way to perchess.READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I am used about 1 year ago.it is good product value of money but sometimes it make issue.when I suddenly wake the phone.it being hang, automatically open Google and type ########.phir jab mein power off kar ke on karta hu tab tik hota h. It's good price value of moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
displya quality is badREAD MORE,2.0
Highly recommend to every one it's smart and battery is too cool and I enjoying a lotREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
Superb.But price is high.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Back plastic broken in 2 monthREAD MORE,1.0
Suparb mobile.....READ MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product very best sellersREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best phone .READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Simply mass💚READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Budget champREAD MORE,5.0
So supar phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Vere poor quality cameraREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good colorREAD MORE,5.0
"Best phone , valuable for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,3.0
nice phone but price very high Rs 9999READ MORE,5.0
Its wht it says. In this budget this is the best.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
more than we think.. osm product 8 months of use no disturbanceREAD MORE,5.0
Not worth of moneyREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
camera quality is very bad...READ MORE,2.0
"Nice mobile,  good battery life,  camera is goodREAD MORE",5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone ..but the camera quality is poorREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Decent phone for its price range. Bought this as a temp replacement for my main phone. Pros: large display, good performance, fast responses and good connectivity. Cons: camera quality is not that greateREAD MORE",4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Marvelous product in less prizeREAD MORE,5.0
Phone comes with more useless apps. some apps can't be uninstalled. ads available.READ MORE,3.0
Perfect phone for for use... Gift it to your parents..READ MORE,4.0
Very nice good product 👍READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Handy phone .. family like it .. easy to carryREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
This is really good to go smart phone within this range no doubt just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
👍Good 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
No any company Flipkart or Brand or protection plan selling company help to resolve the defect in product bodyREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome mobile....READ MORE,5.0
Bast foneREAD MORE,5.0
Sprb👍I like it🥰💕READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile in between 10k working fine  and battery backup is niceREAD MORE,3.0
Good item & good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in this price 👍**READ MORE,3.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Super👌👌👌,,,, but storage is completing fast It is not perfect for people who take lots of photosREAD MORE",3.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobile Very very super  goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
It's good gaming phone . but also not use photography. Because it's camera very badREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice ,READ MORE",5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Thanku so much FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Mast Phone. Mast deal.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Decent phone for its price range. Bought this as a temp replacement for my main phone. Pros: large display, good performance, fast responses and good connectivity. Cons: camera quality is not that greateREAD MORE",4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Marvelous product in less prizeREAD MORE,5.0
Phone comes with more useless apps. some apps can't be uninstalled. ads available.READ MORE,3.0
Perfect phone for for use... Gift it to your parents..READ MORE,4.0
Very nice good product 👍READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Handy phone .. family like it .. easy to carryREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
This is really good to go smart phone within this range no doubt just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
👍Good 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
No any company Flipkart or Brand or protection plan selling company help to resolve the defect in product bodyREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome mobile....READ MORE,5.0
Bast foneREAD MORE,5.0
Sprb👍I like it🥰💕READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone ia in the lowest priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall performance very good, battery performance is also very good but a little bit heavy.READ MORE",4.0
I think it's good phone for gamers but if u want better performance for camera it was quite good........READ MORE,5.0
Best phone ever. Value of money. Feature are good.in my budget is it the best phone..READ MORE,5.0
Heavy weight some time hanging problemREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice,but don't buy complete mobile protectionREAD MORE",4.0
Best quality phon for according priceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile nice but don't buy complete mobile protectionREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Okay.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product go for itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a good product. I liked it. Best in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsGood value for moneyCamera it note goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Exilent phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Charging taking  so much time.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
best in budget flipcart niceREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone..great built quality..perform really well once charged....camera quality is great at this price range...its a very good phone at this price range...red color looks really classy..READ MORE,5.0
Phone is not working..display got blue and gray stripes. and screen flickering in one month.... Taking for warranty claim..READ MORE,1.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Nice I loveREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone I am so happy 😊😊😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Too fast a delivery. Good Phone.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome pdtREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone ia in the lowest priceREAD MORE,5.0
I think it's good phone for gamers but if u want better performance for camera it was quite good........READ MORE,5.0
Best phone ever. Value of money. Feature are good.in my budget is it the best phone..READ MORE,5.0
Heavy weight some time hanging problemREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice,but don't buy complete mobile protectionREAD MORE",4.0
Best quality phon for according priceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile nice but don't buy complete mobile protectionREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Best performingREAD MORE,4.0
Nice one..READ MORE,5.0
Redmi is one of the best successfull company in india and these mobile is mind blowing . i loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Phone is good working but camera is low quality. Go to note 8READ MORE,5.0
good phone  in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
All is good..... But slow performance only falseREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied with productREAD MORE,5.0
It's a good product. I liked it. Best in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsGood value for moneyCamera it note goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Exilent phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Charging taking  so much time.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
best in budget flipcart niceREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone..great built quality..perform really well once charged....camera quality is great at this price range...its a very good phone at this price range...red color looks really classy..READ MORE,5.0
The phone is generating heat durning charge and getting very slow sometimes.READ MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Over price this phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,1.0
awesomREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ɢᴏᴏᴅREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone at this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
Nice not badREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Good mobile, front camera is better, battery performance is little bit weak, display ok, availability of more options make this phone better.READ MORE",4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodactREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Best performingREAD MORE,4.0
Nice one..READ MORE,5.0
Redmi is one of the best successfull company in india and these mobile is mind blowing . i loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Phone is good working but camera is low quality. Go to note 8READ MORE,5.0
good phone  in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
All is good..... But slow performance only falseREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied with productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
AwsmREAD MORE,5.0
Good👍 productsREAD MORE,4.0
all is good bt battery is more goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ok product in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
It is a nice productCamera quality is good and display is also niceREAD MORE,5.0
I am very gald...and it is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very worst productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is generating heat durning charge and getting very slow sometimes.READ MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Wow it's a osm product thanks Flipkart😎😎😎😎😎😎😋🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
osm phoneREAD MORE,4.0
FantasticREAD MORE,4.0
Very good quality 👍👌READ MORE,5.0
Nyc phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best mobile from mi in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Charging time is more and more and performance time is not more good and cost is more and more regards of other phone in market. And last point is important that any valid offer on this product.But overall all is good product.READ MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for budget I am buying 2 phonesREAD MORE,4.0
It's good phone in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
camera is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nizeREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,3.0
"Best phone in these price .... Battery ,camera is well ...Nice performance thank you flipcart ..READ MORE",5.0
Good feacher phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Not bad but not goodREAD MORE,3.0
I gifted to my lovelyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Bought this for my mom.Serves the purpose.Great option in this budget.READ MORE,4.0
Good performance and battery backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Damn good deviceREAD MORE,5.0
"very good mobile phone and fast delivary from flipcart,READ MORE",5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Redmi 8 emarald green mobile phone is excellent in all aspects except display.Battery backup is goodCameraI don't use camera regularly.However, camera is not laudable.Regarding performance, very good performance I can give 5 out of 5 and overall it's worth is 4.7 out of 5.It has got many sockets, holes which I can't understand. The company should have provided me with user manual.After few months of usage the performance is not up to the mark.READ MORE",5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phREAD MORE,5.0
Nice. Guys so amazing very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for budget I am buying 2 phonesREAD MORE,4.0
It's good phone in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not okREAD MORE,3.0
Best productsREAD MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product nice camREAD MORE,3.0
Super Fast delivery and worthy mobileREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,4.0
Simply nice and superb!!!!🍰👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Hang phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent.camera display was awesome.battery performance was also very good.im really happy with this productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice look and stylishREAD MORE,4.0
camera is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This product is good for daily useREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied with cameraREAD MORE,2.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Beast productREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile....READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone I had never seenBattery backup also very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile..but it slowREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought 2 Mobiles i was using continuously 10 months ...Very good quality, but now i face some hanging it specifically call attend and cutMy sister's mobile also same issuesPls improve your quality extra...Overall better mobileREAD MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good & super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice but battery life is not upto mark, but overall very good.. Must buy productREAD MORE",5.0
I purchased ruby red mobile but back panel is not as shown in image only simple redREAD MORE,2.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but network is working slow and camera is nice flip kart nice workREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Really I love it the mobile and enjoyedREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy this phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Battery backup not good but fast charge.READ MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
I have bought this phone to my mother Really Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Bad , haiking problem this phoneREAD MORE",1.0
This mobile was very good quality.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product...in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome product and the behavior of the delivery brother was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This product is good for daily useREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied with cameraREAD MORE,2.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Beast productREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile....READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone I had never seenBattery backup also very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile..but it slowREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought 2 Mobiles i was using continuously 10 months ...Very good quality, but now i face some hanging it specifically call attend and cutMy sister's mobile also same issuesPls improve your quality extra...Overall better mobileREAD MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good & super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice but battery life is not upto mark, but overall very good.. Must buy productREAD MORE",5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
It is good mobile you want to bai it camera 📷 performance is good 👍thanks fot flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice from flipkart. product delivered just in 2 days. good product with excellent battery capacity of 5000mah with 64 GB Rom and 4GB RAM.very happy to have Redmi8READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super product...Mrinmay Das.....MadhyamgramREAD MORE,5.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bed products...Many problem in this handaetREAD MORE,1.0
Good product of this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,4.0
very good price wise all thing is gudREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of money same features 8500READ MORE,1.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
supper phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Redmi 8 osm mobile 😀READ MORE,5.0
Nice and goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobile 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Product work is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst  products 2 time repair in 7 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
Happy for miREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Worst brandREAD MORE,4.0
superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone... But rate is high compared to same features to another phone in low rate.READ MORE,5.0
This phone is not okREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I don't think so I need to tell you how good it is. Value on moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome 😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Good phone in this budget. But camera quality is not good. Performance of battery ok.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
gdREAD MORE,4.0
Best and value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Poor camera quality.READ MORE,1.0
Good product... Nice phone.READ MORE,5.0
Good phone.READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of money same features 8500READ MORE,1.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
supper phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Gud one for dis priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,4.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good phREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best budget mobile but the camera quality could be little superior....READ MORE,5.0
Superbly satisfied with this product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product 🙂🤠READ MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product not too muchREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Worst brandREAD MORE,4.0
superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone... But rate is high compared to same features to another phone in low rate.READ MORE,5.0
This phone is not okREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I don't think so I need to tell you how good it is. Value on moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome 😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Good phone in this budget. But camera quality is not good. Performance of battery ok.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile👌READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's okREAD MORE,3.0
Must buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Vary niceREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nize product. Tnx to flipkartREAD MORE,3.0
Just okREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Okay not badREAD MORE,3.0
Good...Bt camera not clearREAD MORE,4.0
Beautiful mobile good performance good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone in budget...owsemREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best budget mobile but the camera quality could be little superior....READ MORE,5.0
Superbly satisfied with this product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product 🙂🤠READ MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product not too muchREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
System is not good auto start app very bad performanceREAD MORE,2.0
I love it this product 🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This smartphone is good but I play pubg for 1hr then mobile legingREAD MORE,4.0
"After using more than a year, fully satisfied.Good product.READ MORE",5.0
Waste moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Back side cover colour damage automatically in one month. Low product  quality.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It's okREAD MORE,3.0
Must buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Vary niceREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nize product. Tnx to flipkartREAD MORE,3.0
Just okREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Okay not badREAD MORE,3.0
Good...Bt camera not clearREAD MORE,4.0
Beautiful mobile good performance good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone in budget...owsemREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is worst experience in redmi series not even a single quality worth buying this phone.READ MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Phone gum gya sadaREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Best mobailREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesome.Value for money...Battery and camera aslo pretty good..Overall performance also quite nice.READ MORE,5.0
Nice budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice item,well packed, delivered one day in advance by nicely behaved wishmaster.Thanks to Flipkart for excellent service.READ MORE",5.0
Super value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Cool dudeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This smartphone is good but I play pubg for 1hr then mobile legingREAD MORE,4.0
"After using more than a year, fully satisfied.Good product.READ MORE",5.0
Waste moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Back side cover colour damage automatically in one month. Low product  quality.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I just loved it.....awesome😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good in this price...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Good product & delivered on timeREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is awesome. Stored is ok. Great budget phone.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
Money worthy phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Phone gum gya sadaREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Best mobailREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesome.Value for money...Battery and camera aslo pretty good..Overall performance also quite nice.READ MORE,5.0
Nice budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice item,well packed, delivered one day in advance by nicely behaved wishmaster.Thanks to Flipkart for excellent service.READ MORE",5.0
Super value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Cool dudeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good produced value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
𝘘𝘶𝘪𝘵𝘦 𝘯𝘪𝘤𝘦 𝘤𝘢𝘮𝘦𝘳𝘢 𝘢𝘯𝘥 𝘣𝘢𝘵𝘵𝘦𝘳𝘺 𝘪𝘴 𝘣𝘦𝘢𝘴𝘵. 𝘖𝘯𝘭𝘺 𝘰𝘯𝘦 𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦 𝘤𝘩𝘢𝘳𝘨𝘦 𝘢𝘯𝘥 2 𝘥𝘢𝘺𝘴 𝘱𝘢𝘴𝘴𝘦𝘴 𝘸𝘪𝘵𝘩𝘰𝘶𝘵 𝘤𝘩𝘢𝘵𝘩𝘪𝘯𝘨 𝘱𝘩𝘰𝘯𝘦READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobailREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this phone. Doesn't work properly just after a month of purchase. Money waste.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice product, delivered early one day beforeREAD MORE",5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile and look so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Valu for money Good battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
Good for this price range...READ MORE,4.0
Back coverREAD MORE,3.0
It is so amazing..I love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Nice superREAD MORE,5.0
Very use full mobile after 1 year it still works perfectly fine... Camera quality is a little off but everything else is magnificent... Totally value of your money...READ MORE,5.0
"It is value for money, in short range phoneREAD MORE",5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 😊😌😊😌😌😊😊😌😊READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
Money worthy phoneREAD MORE,4.0
very good mobile. after 3 month using satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Really a great phone .. photos also good in light.READ MORE,4.0
Another good mobile from redmi.But price is just heighREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing products... Still no problemREAD MORE,5.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super product...READ MORE,4.0
Very waste product .READ MORE,1.0
Side of off button is very hard. Camera sharpness is not good for this value.READ MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in this price. Thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile at this prizREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Buy for my Grand parents & it fulfill their demand ai it's best . Battery is moderate as the usage is high . All over a nice product at this price range . Go for it .READ MORE,5.0
Worst product..........READ MORE,1.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Product are very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is so amazing..I love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Nice superREAD MORE,5.0
Very use full mobile after 1 year it still works perfectly fine... Camera quality is a little off but everything else is magnificent... Totally value of your money...READ MORE,5.0
"It is value for money, in short range phoneREAD MORE",5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 😊😌😊😌😌😊😊😌😊READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
This is good for its price.works good and cool in look.READ MORE,5.0
Mobile is okREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product .......But taking long time to charge but it's okREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice performance after one month best for pubg lover under 10kREAD MORE,5.0
Awasome phone in this price range 10kREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good 👍READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nicely fonREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Love this phone 😍READ MORE,5.0
Normal use only product not valu of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
oswam productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Worth for money, nice.READ MORE",4.0
Redmi 8 mobile phone very problemREAD MORE,1.0
Budget friendly smartphone.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile at this prizREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Buy for my Grand parents & it fulfill their demand ai it's best . Battery is moderate as the usage is high . All over a nice product at this price range . Go for it .READ MORE,5.0
Worst product..........READ MORE,1.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Product are very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
Average but goodREAD MORE,3.0
Performance is goodCamera is patheticBattery backup is good.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone not workinhREAD MORE,1.0
I am used this phone. Very low priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product. Right time for delivery.READ MORE,5.0
Very good Mobile in the price segment. Refresh rate and speed is good. if you are not fond of games its the best buy in this budget.Gorilla 5 glass & splash proof; dropped many times by kids but no issue.Using this from past 2-years still no issue. Running good.READ MORE,4.0
Looking goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Veri nice flip cartREAD MORE,3.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Gud mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Product niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile it can use only for one game like free fire or pubg and good performance and we can use so many apps with one game nice features  hurry up to buy in low price nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone in this segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Khub e smooth kaj korca... Darun... FunctionREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"I am writing this review after 1 year. I bought it at 7999Pros:1 . Camera quality is above average if you consider the price.2 battery backup is more then sufficient , i am a hard core gamer and i can play pubg for around 2 hours . After that  phone just heat up.3 . Build quality is good. Screen size is more then sufficientCons.1 speaker are not that loud2 laggy experience, not fastREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Great Device with such RateREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
MiceREAD MORE,4.0
Not comfort in use phone is hanging and battery backup is low bad. Camera is not as per specification shown in web sites.READ MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this price..READ MORE,5.0
👍👍👍 osm productREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"I purchased it couple of months  back . I was initially  sceptical of it being a Chinese brand and just purchased it for my kids online learning classes , but I must say that it's a nice  device with  great quality  and in this 10000 rs odd bracket it's a device worth purchasing.  If u wanna have a nice smartphone but don't wanna spend way too much go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
In low budget this mobile is bestREAD MORE,5.0
The product is really bad in my opinion.the camera quality is extremely bad. The touch sensitive is not that smooth .it’s just like the cheap android phone this guys need to improve more themselvesREAD MORE,1.0
NyccREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It is very nice and good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile 👍👌READ MORE,4.0
Nice mobile good deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Supperb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and friendly service thanks to flipkart and delivery boy for safe and fast delivery.... It was for my Mom...READ MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Defective productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing👍👍😍🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
This phone once again proved that don't trust and buy China products . It started getting hang on the first day and battery condition and camera quality is also very poor . Plz don't buy it and waste your moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Good quality...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Getting network issue from the first day of purchaseREAD MORE,3.0
back cover print damageREAD MORE,1.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
This product is good sound quality is very nice camera is also nice one thing I didn't like that in this phone there is no front light and all the things are good. No waste of money 💰READ MORE,4.0
Lovely mobile really worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is very very very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"I purchased it couple of months  back . I was initially  sceptical of it being a Chinese brand and just purchased it for my kids online learning classes , but I must say that it's a nice  device with  great quality  and in this 10000 rs odd bracket it's a device worth purchasing.  If u wanna have a nice smartphone but don't wanna spend way too much go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
In low budget this mobile is bestREAD MORE,5.0
The product is really bad in my opinion.the camera quality is extremely bad. The touch sensitive is not that smooth .it’s just like the cheap android phone this guys need to improve more themselvesREAD MORE,1.0
NyccREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It is very nice and good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile 👍👌READ MORE,4.0
Nice mobile good deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Supperb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and friendly service thanks to flipkart and delivery boy for safe and fast delivery.... It was for my Mom...READ MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Defective productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing👍👍😍🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
This phone once again proved that don't trust and buy China products . It started getting hang on the first day and battery condition and camera quality is also very poor . Plz don't buy it and waste your moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Good quality...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Getting network issue from the first day of purchaseREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Best mobile in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It's betterREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall experience is very nice. Camera and screen size is not enough as compared to other models of redmi.Go for redmi 9i, redmi 9 instead of redmi 8.READ MORE",4.0
THANKUREAD MORE,5.0
"Back Panel Colour Comes out, Poor Quality, Worst Buy till Date.READ MORE",1.0
"I bought this for my dad... Its his first android phone... This is good choice for people who use mobiles for watching TVs, Browsing and other small sized gaming... If you want to play high sized games like Pubg this is not a good optitREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It's niceREAD MORE,5.0
Daily uses it have some stuck  in software.Some time that fingerprint is does not work.READ MORE,3.0
Super.. nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
"If you think About redmi8 Then I will suggest you For redmi 8a, 3gb RamREAD MORE",3.0
It is nice phone it's battery backup is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobail is hanging problemREAD MORE,2.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone 📱 redmi 8 all best procceserREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice product at low priceREAD MORE,4.0
Worst experience ever through this phoneREAD MORE,1.0
"Processes is low, everything else is fine.. !READ MORE",5.0
Superb product 👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Best 👍READ MORE,4.0
Awesome 🤪READ MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I got this mobile...it was really good and value for money.. but 1 thing is very bad... Camera software is not perfect.. when i opened camera...then it many times crashes and suddenly closed... sometimes when i open camera then screen gets fluctuated....I dont know why... May be fixed after update..Thanks ..READ MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile is good.. ❤READ MORE,4.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone Love it!!READ MORE,5.0
Very good yarREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
I bought yhis phone in june and now its not working...after 3 months...not switching on....very disappointed....READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Superb nice 😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"It  is terrefic ,good product .Thanks for itREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very much impressed by the product... Service by the flipkart delivery guy was soooo goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super camera and battery is v gd conditionREAD MORE,5.0
Change my mobileREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable for money.and superbREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best product 👍READ MORE,4.0
Best phone under 10kREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
overall it's a good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Beautiful productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nice👍😊READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
It's amazing smartphone under 10000READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Wow that's good photos 🔥🔥🔥👍👍I like itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice handset in this prize..Camera quality is nice.Performance good..All over Nice phone in under 10000/-READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent mobile I ever seen in Flipkart.. value of your money is unspecifiedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice SmartphoneREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good in rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Picture quality is  good 🤙READ MORE,5.0
Best sarvesREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money... Good👍 awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
very good product.READ MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
At this price this phone is osm....It's really good.....READ MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice budget phone. Specially for those who don't have heavy usage. Only cons  is the advertisement. It will pop up anywhere. And the security app which will take all your data. You can't run any video if you will not give permission to mi video apps that's frustrating thing.READ MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice and satisfy with this product...Good Product it is...READ MORE,5.0
"Software issue i can't proper explain you,READ MORE",1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Wooow very very good product big thabks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice handset in this prize..Camera quality is nice.Performance good..All over Nice phone in under 10000/-READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent mobile I ever seen in Flipkart.. value of your money is unspecifiedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice SmartphoneREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good in rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Picture quality is  good 🤙READ MORE,5.0
Best sarvesREAD MORE,5.0
It's just awesome. 📷 and everything was too good and the best part of this phone is the battery . Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Overall niceREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.. superb phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"It's really awsm, fab.. Actually m speechless.. I bought two pieces.. N I can say it worth seriously in best price best piece ever 😘i love this🙏🏻☺READ MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"super,fantastic phone.thanks to Flipagram☺READ MORE",5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice an very happy😁😁READ MORE,5.0
Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice and satisfy with this product...Good Product it is...READ MORE,5.0
"Software issue i can't proper explain you,READ MORE",1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Wooow very very good product big thabks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very bad colourfulREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money except cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Product okREAD MORE,4.0
Product not support wifi 5G band . Display is not good brightness is low need to set about 80 -90 % brightness.1sim get not reachable when talking on another simREAD MORE,2.0
1.camera normal improve ment may need  2.display is ok 3.battery good  4.little bit heat observedREAD MORE,3.0
it's Display not gorilla notch glass.. But good performance.READ MORE,3.0
Very good ☺️ smart phone and thanku so much for Flipkart . Fast delivery ...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
YoREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Screen quality is not as good as expected, camera is also almost not able to give satisfactory result.READ MORE",3.0
FabREAD MORE,4.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Mony westREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
While calling the person at other end saying that the voice is low.READ MORE,1.0
Yes mi good at price and value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
"Not a great phone but average, it is very slow and the screen smoothness is very poor.. but value for moneyREAD MORE",3.0
Good mobile 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Good 🤩🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
Wonderful performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Dabba phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
WorthyREAD MORE,5.0
Average product...READ MORE,3.0
At 9999/- a very good smart phone ever.READ MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Best price  and best mobile, value  for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone on this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
HangingREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Product okREAD MORE,4.0
Product not support wifi 5G band . Display is not good brightness is low need to set about 80 -90 % brightness.1sim get not reachable when talking on another simREAD MORE,2.0
1.camera normal improve ment may need  2.display is ok 3.battery good  4.little bit heat observedREAD MORE,3.0
it's Display not gorilla notch glass.. But good performance.READ MORE,3.0
Very good ☺️ smart phone and thanku so much for Flipkart . Fast delivery ...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
YoREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Screen quality is not as good as expected, camera is also almost not able to give satisfactory result.READ MORE",3.0
FabREAD MORE,4.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Mony westREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
While calling the person at other end saying that the voice is low.READ MORE,1.0
Yes mi good at price and value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Everything is perfect in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
I had redmi note 4 before this. I thought this phone will also turn out good but unfortunately it's not 1 but 2 steps down from the note series. It's not a bad phone but you should keep your expectations to a bare minimum. Let me tell you about the good features first -1) Excellent battery2) Fast charging3) Very loud for calls and media4) Very sturdy built and feels rock solid5) Excellent rear camera6) Dual 4G VOLTE so can use 2 jio sims at once. Can also insert sd card after inserting...READ MORE,3.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile.READ MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
it is better than samsung phone.most amazing feather is IR remote where TV & setup BOX remote can be configure for any modelREAD MORE,5.0
Bad phoneREAD MORE,1.0
This is for all...midel class people...READ MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
WorthyREAD MORE,5.0
Average product...READ MORE,3.0
At 9999/- a very good smart phone ever.READ MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Best price  and best mobile, value  for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone on this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
HangingREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Osam productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best Redmi phone with this range... 1 year completed to one of My purchases.... And working perfectly fine... I then bought another one...  And that too working fine..READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 👍👍in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Price light high feelREAD MORE,4.0
Nice at this rice range.READ MORE,4.0
Mobile is goodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything thing is perfect expect camera, others then that everything thing is good.READ MORE",5.0
Mobile is superb but very Dispointed from flipkart. Very bad experience with the flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
No good qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Nice sarvish and Nice sele phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Just awesome 👌👌👌Reached before the time👍Proud to be the member of flipkart😇READ MORE,5.0
Good at this range (9999)READ MORE,4.0
nicREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile.. easy to useREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst phone..out of 100 calls, the voice will not come for 10-20% calls, to avoid this issue I have to call multiple times to talk to other people.Initially, I thought that this is a Network issue,  But I have tested with multiple networks, it is the same issue.READ MORE",1.0
"Nice  mobile  in the price  range.  Value  for  money, no complaints,  just compliments...READ MORE",4.0
It was good then I feltREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
As per budget it is quite good phone but the camera is not soo gud as I expected but the battery is long lasting and sound is also high and nice. Although I m happy with this.READ MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic productsREAD MORE,5.0
I got this phone at just rupees 5k with product exchange option of flipkart and really this phn looks awesome with good processor and camera quality...go for it...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"CHARGER GETS HEATED WHILE CHARGING, AND VERY SLOW CHARGINGREAD MORE",1.0
Value for money !READ MORE,5.0
Just awesome 👌👌👌Reached before the time👍Proud to be the member of flipkart😇READ MORE,5.0
Good at this range (9999)READ MORE,4.0
nicREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile.. easy to useREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst phone..out of 100 calls, the voice will not come for 10-20% calls, to avoid this issue I have to call multiple times to talk to other people.Initially, I thought that this is a Network issue,  But I have tested with multiple networks, it is the same issue.READ MORE",1.0
"Nice  mobile  in the price  range.  Value  for  money, no complaints,  just compliments...READ MORE",4.0
It was good then I feltREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I love this Phone..READ MORE,5.0
NichREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Heating problem, within 1-2 hour while continue using fb/net/YouTube.READ MORE",3.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
"Hopeless mobile in every respect. Claiming 5000 mAh Battery, but lasts for only 8~10 hours. Camera not good, Hanging problem in phone. Heats up after running 30-minute videoREAD MORE",1.0
It Just an awesome mobile with all features at this price... Just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at a good priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very very worst, don't even think about this brand when you don't want to waste your moneyREAD MORE",1.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Love this ❤️READ MORE,5.0
ExlentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice...READ MORE,4.0
Budget phone it is.If your budget is more than this price then go for some another one.READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance & value of money 100%READ MORE,5.0
Good..but performance so bad...READ MORE,5.0
Charging capacity very low waste product better to choose realmeREAD MORE,2.0
Best ha for everyoneREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best I have ever boughtREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone in the budget, but it could have better to go for redmi 9 prime in the same price range.Thank youREAD MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile..under 10k..value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product but exchange was not so. The person who came to pick the item was not aware of the terms. Though Flipkart lists the exchange value as 2750, I got only 1950 and was asked to pay the balance.READ MORE",4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Very very beautiful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very very nice phone..... Camera jast very nice.... Battery is high quality.....READ MORE,5.0
OTG option in phone not available for Morpho and MantraREAD MORE,4.0
not send 18 watt charger in boxcamera poorbettery backup poorREAD MORE,1.0
Best low battery budget phone. With a good battery and display.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
phone is good..but price is not justified...(camera 📸 to good)READ MORE,4.0
Good mobile from mi and performance is awsome this could be best but it is betterREAD MORE,3.0
Its osm ☺️☺️😍😍READ MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Heating problem, within 1-2 hour while continue using fb/net/YouTube.READ MORE",3.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
"Hopeless mobile in every respect. Claiming 5000 mAh Battery, but lasts for only 8~10 hours. Camera not good, Hanging problem in phone. Heats up after running 30-minute videoREAD MORE",1.0
It Just an awesome mobile with all features at this price... Just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at a good priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very very worst, don't even think about this brand when you don't want to waste your moneyREAD MORE",1.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Love this ❤️READ MORE,5.0
ExlentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice...READ MORE,4.0
Budget phone it is.If your budget is more than this price then go for some another one.READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance & value of money 100%READ MORE,5.0
Good..but performance so bad...READ MORE,5.0
Charging capacity very low waste product better to choose realmeREAD MORE,2.0
Best ha for everyoneREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best I have ever boughtREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone in the budget, but it could have better to go for redmi 9 prime in the same price range.Thank youREAD MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile..under 10k..value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product but exchange was not so. The person who came to pick the item was not aware of the terms. Though Flipkart lists the exchange value as 2750, I got only 1950 and was asked to pay the balance.READ MORE",4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Very very beautiful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Vest phone under 10000. With type C cable nd fast chargingREAD MORE,5.0
your product and service is very ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good phone&voice is bestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very very niceButyiu can send it me freeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Such a awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is best but order delivery 20 days late...READ MORE,3.0
Best mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile for the budjetREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing! Thank u flipkart for the fastest delivery! Mobile is awesome! 👍READ MORE,5.0
Value for budget money... Good product...READ MORE,5.0
Its getting heating... Am not able to play game for more than half and hourREAD MORE,2.0
not value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Zero commentsREAD MORE,5.0
not satisfied with the performance and quality. The camera is just okay. I would recommend to look for other options in this prc range....READ MORE,1.0
Better value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
After the use of 5 month started hangingREAD MORE,3.0
Awsmmm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very bed productREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very very world nice moblieREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
So nice phone in 7999READ MORE,5.0
Not bad good one productREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Terrible mic ( on speaker phone) quality, other end person can't hear anything if spoken from far.READ MORE",1.0
FineREAD MORE,5.0
The Product is awesome but the weight is little high just little But all Iver is superb se upper although it's better than Mi Note 10 ProREAD MORE,4.0
Ok oneREAD MORE,5.0
A big mark down for security. The face unlock doesn't work. Apart from that it is a good utility phone. Doesn't make much sense buying this one when its predecessor is available for the same price. Don't go buying this one.READ MORE,2.0
Within a month of usage mobiles got switch off automatically.😡😠READ MORE,1.0
performance is lowREAD MORE,1.0
"Overall a great phone, only issue is if im in a weak signal area and if signal goes off then sometimes it doesnt come back unless u completely restart the phone, even applying and removing flight mode doesnt solve the problem. Im not sure if this is only my phone or all users have the same problem but its pretty annoyingREAD MORE",4.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not good and not expected waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Network problem in phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Charger was faulty...but they are not returning this faulty productREAD MORE,1.0
Nice but built quality badREAD MORE,5.0
Nice device and battery backup was awesome. 🤩READ MORE,5.0
Mobile is a better pictureREAD MORE,5.0
Genuine ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product for at this price. Osm 😮Thank you Flipkart 😄READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Ok 👌 valueable for money 💰READ MORE,3.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in the price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Worst phone ever in my life. Feels like I am using some 2G phone. Even the default applications hang and screen freezes like and 1990 generation phone! I wish I could have gone through reviews before buying.READ MORE,1.0
Good budget phone.....READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
After the use of 5 month started hangingREAD MORE,3.0
Awsmmm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very bed productREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very very world nice moblieREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Ritern redmi 8READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mubailREAD MORE,5.0
Super Features in MobileTQ flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Received this mobile with dead pixel on display and hang and poor performance very bad experienceREAD MORE,1.0
It is good with more optionsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice...READ MORE,5.0
Nice product.READ MORE,4.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is good....but phonr pickup any time sound not speakREAD MORE,4.0
"sim slots are not working properly , slots not detecting sim cardsREAD MORE",1.0
Ok good productREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice looking Very comfport Nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera was not as per expectations.READ MORE,4.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very Good Mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is pathetic and performance is not bad at all and battery performance is great.This is not for gamers and heavy user's this only for who just users apart from that it's coolREAD MORE,4.0
"Reviewing after 6months of use.1. Heating issue.2. Camera is poor comparing other brand in this segment.3. Phone Optimization is not up to the mark.4. Decent display and bright too.5. Battery draining issue is regular.6. Charging time 0-100% is near about 5.30 hours.7.Durability is up to the mark.8. Security update by Redmi is very very infrequent. That's the biggest issue above all.So, I would like to suggest don't buy this product in this segment. You can consider other brand othe...READ MORE",3.0
Low budget good performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Osem mobailREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought this phone for my mother in law.It's a decent phone.Minor heating issue during calls.4gb, 64gb, 5000mah is huge.Green color is really nice.Face recognition works well.Exchanged old MI phone for this, due to some scratches I had to pay 700 cash to the delivery person. Always take receipt from delivery person if you pay any cash to him.READ MORE",4.0
Camera quality lowREAD MORE,4.0
Better...READ MORE,3.0
Too Good!READ MORE,5.0
Very gud phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is not good....READ MORE,3.0
nice phone for normal usageREAD MORE,5.0
Bad camera photosREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice👍READ MORE,5.0
We like itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for the price. Perfomence is not that great. But okay. Camera display is decent. Battery is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks to FlipkartGood deal Nice packagingQuick.delivery AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Not. Good Not badREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Bad product. Color damage is going on in two months.READ MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Better this MobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor camra radmi 8READ MORE,1.0
Camera badREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice looking Very comfport Nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera was not as per expectations.READ MORE,4.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very Good Mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is pathetic and performance is not bad at all and battery performance is great.This is not for gamers and heavy user's this only for who just users apart from that it's coolREAD MORE,4.0
"Reviewing after 6months of use.1. Heating issue.2. Camera is poor comparing other brand in this segment.3. Phone Optimization is not up to the mark.4. Decent display and bright too.5. Battery draining issue is regular.6. Charging time 0-100% is near about 5.30 hours.7.Durability is up to the mark.8. Security update by Redmi is very very infrequent. That's the biggest issue above all.So, I would like to suggest don't buy this product in this segment. You can consider other brand othe...READ MORE",3.0
Low budget good performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Bad qulaty... Charging problam... Flipcard castomar harasmentREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
The Product is goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's  goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Bed cameraREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Osm 👌👌👌♥️♥️♥️READ MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice👍READ MORE,5.0
We like itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for the price. Perfomence is not that great. But okay. Camera display is decent. Battery is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks to FlipkartGood deal Nice packagingQuick.delivery AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Not. Good Not badREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Bad product. Color damage is going on in two months.READ MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Better this MobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor camra radmi 8READ MORE,1.0
Camera badREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The rear camera quality is not very good but the battery and performance are great Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Camera Quality not that much good.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
It is a very good camera but charging works very slowly but all of these are bestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Overall are goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
The Mobil is no so good for its rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
The Product is goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's  goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Bed cameraREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Osm 👌👌👌♥️♥️♥️READ MORE,4.0
Good product. Ok.READ MORE,5.0
Nice cell low Bajet good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
𝗡𝗶𝗰𝗲 𝗺𝗼𝗯𝗶𝗹𝗲 & 𝗴𝗼𝗼𝗱 𝗱𝗲𝗹𝗶𝘃𝗲𝗿𝗲𝗱READ MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
I was using the phone for about 15 days.. Suddenly the phone started acting weird.. It kept opening multiple apps by itself.. Also screen shots were getting saved.. Unable to control it.. When taken to service center.   They say that it was some kind of issue with the display and it was auto touching.. So.. Not a great experience for me.. 😭😏😕READ MORE,2.0
Have some mobile....READ MORE,5.0
Good deviceREAD MORE,4.0
"Just I started using the mobile, overall look and performance are good, Battery backup also good. Cámara is good one.READ MORE",4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Supar MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very bad performing mobile I ever sawREAD MORE,1.0
Very ausum & amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied...what I actually wanted... others phones in this range is far better....READ MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Overall goodNo heavy gamingGood for daily task activityNot for youthIt's suitable for elder someone like your parents 😉READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product.It has best battery life ,it is the cool product.READ MORE",5.0
Camera Quality not that much good.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Very bad phoneThis phone is not successfulREAD MORE,2.0
Battery issueREAD MORE,2.0
Lite to buyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Best smartphone under 10k... value for money... Thanks to flipkart..READ MORE,4.0
Pubg not run properlyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Lovely locking phone.... I gifted this phone to my parents...good for themREAD MORE,5.0
"Camera quality is not a good, battery performance is poor . Display is not so goodREAD MORE",1.0
Awesome model in spend money.READ MORE,5.0
Mobile is nice .. but for 10k it's not good.. battery performance is nice and camera is okREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Its very good mobile for budget range.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Front & rear camera very worstREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile . very good dilivery.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile , good camera, big battery, nice performanceREAD MORE",5.0
Superb mobile !READ MORE,5.0
WorthyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It was good piece. The best mobile with respect to colour and size.READ MORE,5.0
Stiil moblie  iam useing it's Falalous thanks FilfcartREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
"Very bad , hang problem , body not good heating problemREAD MORE",1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
amazing phone! unbelievable at this price! nice camera! great backside look! really fabulous!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Causing network problem. I returned this.READ MORE,1.0
Very bad phoneThis phone is not successfulREAD MORE,2.0
Battery issueREAD MORE,2.0
Lite to buyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Best smartphone under 10k... value for money... Thanks to flipkart..READ MORE,4.0
Pubg not run properlyREAD MORE,5.0
So very nice like itREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product thanks for flipcart 🤗🤗READ MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Too poor productREAD MORE,1.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It is a best gaming mobile for 10000rs camera is high quality for pro gamers you can play continues 6 hrsREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice battery backup exelentREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
battery draining very fast without use any applicationREAD MORE,3.0
Nice Product but cost is little high...READ MORE,5.0
Bad product returnREAD MORE,2.0
Cool oneREAD MORE,3.0
Main fault that it's a Chinese Brand.READ MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money.Lowest price super product.Use full for low budget Money 💰READ MORE,5.0
This product is made in chine so I didn't likeREAD MORE,2.0
Everything is superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Camera is superb,battery backup is awesome......READ MORE",5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,4.0
"Amazing looks,Such a beautiful productREAD MORE",5.0
Ok okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
WasteREAD MORE,1.0
Pop not available all goodREAD MORE,4.0
"The instruments' launcher is having a bug...While the phone gets incoming call the screen doesn't shows who is calling, however it rings, have to press power button, back button, finger print sensor, but for no use, even can't receive or reject the call. Only thing we can do is reboot the phone as soon as the incoming call goes unreceived.Prior to this phone I used Infinix note 5 for two years, was a smooth one and never had to reboot frequently, except only after system update.READ MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Super mobile...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Average quality mobile.camera quality not soo good.READ MORE,4.0
good phone at this rate thanks flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
Very poor in range maximum tym phone is hanged too much and net work problem if i reboot phone thn problem solved ageain same prblem i want to exchange thisREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product but delay in delivery I had worst experience first time with Flipkart if it is getting delayed atleast some message should come there is delay because I booked this mobile to my brother actual delivery date is 13 but I got 17th September😡😡😡READ MORE,4.0
Not value for money according to priceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
TqREAD MORE,5.0
Aesthetically pleasing.Performance is okay.Slow already without installation of many apps and games. Bad idea to play games.Display is very poor and touch sensitivity is worse.Advised to purchase 18W adapter for fast charge Qualcomm 3.0.Updated to Android 10 and MIUI11 and waiting for MIUI12.Better to purchase this rather than Redmi 9 series ones below 10K. Almost equivalent to 9 prime except for Display.READ MORE,3.0
Nice phone 👌✌️READ MORE,4.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
Not working... Signal problem. Repaired two times in one month after buying.....Do not buy...Old software..Old system..READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Bad quality hanging problemMade in China productREAD MORE,1.0
nyc mobile for general useREAD MORE,5.0
I really like the product👏READ MORE,5.0
Nice product on this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
battry chargeing is very slowREAD MORE,3.0
Wowsomw mobile..Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for less user'sREAD MORE,4.0
average phone not best heating problem 😠READ MORE,1.0
Camera is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"The Redmi 8 is very nice, good excellent product..READ MORE",5.0
Nice👍READ MORE,5.0
It's a very nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product at this valueREAD MORE,5.0
One of the budget phone everREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor .. display brightness not working.september 1st we bought this phone..thenes also not working. 😏😏READ MORE,1.0
Love thisREAD MORE,4.0
The product was so good my brother was so happy for it everything that was there on the phone was very nice thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Average quality mobile.camera quality not soo good.READ MORE,4.0
good phone at this rate thanks flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
Very poor in range maximum tym phone is hanged too much and net work problem if i reboot phone thn problem solved ageain same prblem i want to exchange thisREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product but delay in delivery I had worst experience first time with Flipkart if it is getting delayed atleast some message should come there is delay because I booked this mobile to my brother actual delivery date is 13 but I got 17th September😡😡😡READ MORE,4.0
Not value for money according to priceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
TqREAD MORE,5.0
Aesthetically pleasing.Performance is okay.Slow already without installation of many apps and games. Bad idea to play games.Display is very poor and touch sensitivity is worse.Advised to purchase 18W adapter for fast charge Qualcomm 3.0.Updated to Android 10 and MIUI11 and waiting for MIUI12.Better to purchase this rather than Redmi 9 series ones below 10K. Almost equivalent to 9 prime except for Display.READ MORE,3.0
Nice phone 👌✌️READ MORE,4.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
Not working... Signal problem. Repaired two times in one month after buying.....Do not buy...Old software..Old system..READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Bad quality hanging problemMade in China productREAD MORE,1.0
nyc mobile for general useREAD MORE,5.0
I really like the product👏READ MORE,5.0
Nice product on this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
battry chargeing is very slowREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
The performance of mobile phone set is not do good.  It's started hanging and other related issues.READ MORE,3.0
Right productREAD MORE,5.0
Mast mobileREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Nice products.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiveREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Mobile is good, no complaints about mobile.This is worst delivery from Flipkart. I got my mobile delivery after 1 month and for that I had communicated to Flipkart by every mode Twitter, customer call, customer chat , etc. Not happy with the Flipkart serviceREAD MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worthy for 10KREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice👍productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Budget friendly mobile , value for money 😌 , Good featuresREAD MORE",4.0
CoolREAD MORE,2.0
It's very good and safe packingREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product. Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Supr best budget and amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing.....READ MORE,5.0
Very bad phone . because velte problemREAD MORE,2.0
Fantastic productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
So nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
The worst product which I bought from Flipkart. This product don't have facility to share our screen during online meeting and classes. Approached service center and they don't have any reply for this issue. They only updated the software. No other action taken to resolve the issues. Rebooting time is too long and net speed very low. I switched over to other device as these features are below standard. utter waste of money Please DONT BUY ANY PRODUCT FROM REDMI.........READ MORE,1.0
Not good weast my moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Good product with in this price limit. Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall mobile is good, battery is excellent, but screen quality is poorREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice mobile in 9999.00 Close your eyes and go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart never disappoints in matter of electronic gadgets. The mobile phone is very much good and it is very good variant under 10000rs. I will personally suggest to purchase this mobile from flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Great budget phone, but you have to compromise on camera little bit.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
The product is superabbbREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good one.READ MORE,4.0
Good budget smartphones with superb Flipkart delivery it's come before 1 day. Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice👍productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 1 good looking.READ MORE,5.0
Good product by Xiaomi.....But now price hiked muchREAD MORE,4.0
It is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
U can by it if not bother about camera result. It is nice phone for budget of 10KREAD MORE,4.0
OK productREAD MORE,3.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
It's simply awesome. Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I am Happy.. ThanQ fillykardREAD MORE,5.0
Good itREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Loss of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phone you can say it a budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but display performence not perfect...READ MORE,3.0
Best phone this price segment using it from one yearREAD MORE,5.0
everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
There is problem in my mobile. Voice didn't come during calling in some time. After some time it done ok.READ MORE,1.0
Osam phone in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productExcellent useREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quantity worst. But am expecting better.READ MORE,3.0
Wanderful productsREAD MORE,5.0
happyREAD MORE,4.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
After banned made in china products I am not satisfied with the purchase price of items.READ MORE,3.0
Nice product save the moneyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
4+64 ... awesome phone.good battery.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Amazingly goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice camera quality...READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone under 10000READ MORE,5.0
Good phone at the lowest price. Thanks MIREAD MORE,5.0
Don't  purchase   very  very bad...also not responding  from flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
The mobile was Amazing but processor was decreaseREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing  product☺READ MORE,5.0
Nice nd very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Products and flipkart product delivered very fastREAD MORE,4.0
Superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
dont buy this phone charger is very slow and sometime not supportREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone but it is to slow processorREAD MORE,5.0
Selfie camera is good but back camera in not so good and processor is good and battery is so powerfulREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Price And Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Tremendous... Well and gd under this budget.READ MORE,4.0
Nice mobile I love this product.READ MORE,5.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobile and battery backup 4GB 64GB RomREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Easily can be unlock. Others can access to games and updates without having PIN or patternREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Such a good phone regionable in price.READ MORE,4.0
Nead kissht installmentREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
very osm product i like this very better but  price highREAD MORE,5.0
Over all good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
This product is very nice and very nice profomens I love this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Jst awsome..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
I'm glad to bought it It's great to meREAD MORE,3.0
It not working properly after one monthREAD MORE,2.0
Great value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nise 1 I m very happy low price but nise phone.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Products and flipkart product delivered very fastREAD MORE,4.0
Superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
dont buy this phone charger is very slow and sometime not supportREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone but it is to slow processorREAD MORE,5.0
Selfie camera is good but back camera in not so good and processor is good and battery is so powerfulREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Price And Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Tremendous... Well and gd under this budget.READ MORE,4.0
Nice mobile I love this product.READ MORE,5.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobile and battery backup 4GB 64GB RomREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good Battery Backup Money Can Be spent on this Product. It's Really Nice Phone.READ MORE,4.0
Vary niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good Mobile in all aspectsREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good priceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
charger heating problemREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
This product is very nice and very nice profomens I love this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Jst awsome..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
I'm glad to bought it It's great to meREAD MORE,3.0
It not working properly after one monthREAD MORE,2.0
Great value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nise 1 I m very happy low price but nise phone.READ MORE,4.0
I Liked itREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,3.0
Within 1 month . Phone display didn't work properly and battery gets downREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Processor, touch response are very much slow, but value for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
WorthREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good and niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Charger damagedREAD MORE,1.0
"mobile is awesome in this range. no one can beat redmi 8 battery, display, censor etc is awesomebut camera is good vale for money ,you can buy this productcourier service was not so goodREAD MORE",5.0
One of the best budgeted phones. Battery and performance are awesome. Camera is very good and is more then what is expectedREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobile from redmi with best features... Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"This phone is for 1 month, it's not worth for 4 gb ramREAD MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
Complaint mob issue is hanging problem touch not workingREAD MORE,2.0
👌🏻👌🏻so niceREAD MORE,5.0
bad qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Overall good....READ MORE,5.0
Dalybury did a very good jobREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad productREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"This is ok phone . Not for gamming.. only using for daily normal user, bad performance..READ MORE",1.0
Super mobilwREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
💯👍BestREAD MORE,5.0
Best Budget smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is good in working and camera it's have good  processorREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks for Flipkart help for replacement phone. My issue solveREAD MORE,5.0
Screen is hangingREAD MORE,4.0
The product is good. Worth for money to handle day to day multitasking jobs. Camera quality should have been better. And for flipkart  the exchange value they show gets much lower while exchanging even in genuine cases. It's better in other websites. Even for good mobiles they don't pay much exchange value.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very worst mobile you will cheat you not worth to this price f**y y*uREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product😍😍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
AffordableREAD MORE,4.0
Camera is not good. No clarity.READ MORE,3.0
Very good lREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality & battery backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bad mobile phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best priceREAD MORE,4.0
Overall good....READ MORE,5.0
Dalybury did a very good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productNice.  Good. PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
Display brightness is very low in day lightREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileBad cemraREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
After 6 months of using my mobile has stopped working twice.READ MORE,1.0
good👍READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone with 4gb and 64gb. Worth the buy for daily use where no high end games need to be played and for normal pictures.READ MORE,4.0
Best product  I love it and deliver boy 👍👍👍👍👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Avarage phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy waste useless productREAD MORE,1.0
"One of the best phone.,..READ MORE",5.0
Cheap and best in this budget segmentREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodBudget Phone...READ MORE,3.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Best smart phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"No Properly Work, Mobile Stopped Working in 9 months.Gone Ded Situation.READ MORE",2.0
good product miREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone.....very smooth to use....✌🏼✌🏼READ MORE,5.0
Best phone under this price segmentREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing 😍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent phone 😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Camara quality  koncham athkigama koduthurukalam...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good as per priceREAD MORE,5.0
Decent and nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not about phone..about flipcart ..it is worster app ever...READ MORE,1.0
Loudspeaker problemREAD MORE,2.0
Good Quality PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product happy to use flipkart....READ MORE,4.0
Fall in love 🖤READ MORE,4.0
Amazing 👌 purchase 👌😍 I ❤️ MIREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
The product is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
good phone but cost is higher.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productsREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Camera autofocus and auto exposure feature are pathetic. It's a nagging issue. Every time both feature needs to manually shut off. Otherwise even recorded video shows autofocus zooming in and out.READ MORE,1.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money phone superREAD MORE,5.0
"Super product, must buy mobile,at this price.READ MORE",5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
super but charger westREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone under this price segmentREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing 😍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent phone 😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Camara quality  koncham athkigama koduthurukalam...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good as per priceREAD MORE,5.0
Decent and nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile under this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile..READ MORE,4.0
Not bad. Low performance Speed.READ MORE,5.0
Within 1 month only it started to heat.READ MORE,3.0
Too much hang Mobile setREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Produduct is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best handset inthis priceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality is very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Bokkalo phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Back cover colour problem.READ MORE,3.0
"I am very happy , battery and performance super, camera not much gud ,only low rating is camera,balance all superREAD MORE",4.0
I think Xiaomi needs to improve their redmi series other wise soon they will wipe out from the market in low budget range phone. REALME NARZO series is way better than this phone.Display is not fully HD. BATTERY can be a overall highlight of this phone. I won't recommend you this phone if you are buying this for gaming. For low end handling it is good to go.To be precise if you really need to buy this phone you can but don't expect super features overall a medium segment deviceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very very bad handset it cannot work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice display AMOLED glass front and nice shiny backREAD MORE,4.0
Osm mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Awsm budget smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Didn't not work properly, not even camera or WiFi....Didn't support videos of fb or whatsapp or gallery too....Worst experienceREAD MORE",2.0
Some hanging problem creates within one months.READ MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile..READ MORE,4.0
Not bad. Low performance Speed.READ MORE,5.0
Within 1 month only it started to heat.READ MORE,3.0
Too much hang Mobile setREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Produduct is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best handset inthis priceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality is very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Bokkalo phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Back cover colour problem.READ MORE,3.0
"I am very happy , battery and performance super, camera not much gud ,only low rating is camera,balance all superREAD MORE",4.0
I think Xiaomi needs to improve their redmi series other wise soon they will wipe out from the market in low budget range phone. REALME NARZO series is way better than this phone.Display is not fully HD. BATTERY can be a overall highlight of this phone. I won't recommend you this phone if you are buying this for gaming. For low end handling it is good to go.To be precise if you really need to buy this phone you can but don't expect super features overall a medium segment deviceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very very bad handset it cannot work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Good for parents.READ MORE,5.0
On box shown 18w charger but the charger present inside is of 10wREAD MORE,3.0
Some what betterREAD MORE,5.0
"Camera is not good,READ MORE",3.0
Aswome product.READ MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
I love this phoneeeeREAD MORE,5.0
product is okREAD MORE,4.0
Value For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile has average battery & display performance not so good as expected & mobile getting heat while charge connected... 5000 mah battery it has been only mentioned but its fake/lie said from mi/redmi after we keep on low display brightness then we can expect 8 to 12/0 hours maximum time of battery backup that's it..I have purchased new mobile only a week ago  word expirence  ever Waste of money & my time.. no worth it..READ MORE,2.0
Nice display AMOLED glass front and nice shiny backREAD MORE,4.0
Osm mobileREAD MORE,5.0
I had a bad experience with the exchange of my old phone. If you're exchanging your phone make sure it's in perfect condition. Ordered the phone on any condition exchange. My phone body had slight discoloration and the body was slightly damaged. Flipkart says the value of this damaged phone is 1500 on the app. When the agent arrived to check the phone he informed that the phone had to be in pristine condition and could not be exchanged despite flipkart saying that it can be exchanged. So is t...READ MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
SmartREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for the moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc phone value for the noneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is better but heating problemREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,1.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's quite good Value for moneyI gifted it to my husband and he liked it So it's greatREAD MORE,4.0
"Camera quality is very poor, Indoor Pics was not good.  Battery power was nice.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"First of all i would like to give 5 stars for this product..great product under 10k.. SuperB packing , no Scratches or even damage has not been found... Fast delivery, The delivery boy's behavior was also gud... Once again thanks alot team flipkart & team ekart logisticsREAD MORE",5.0
WorthyREAD MORE,4.0
Very smooth n very fast performance.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent qualityREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks for device of nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Bad product ever don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
Very nice product .Thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
Charging yekkutaleduREAD MORE,1.0
Great mobileREAD MORE,5.0
No badREAD MORE,2.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good to use for ages peopleREAD MORE,4.0
I am happy of flipkart delivery  of product . product is also very good on comparative in this budget by this features its very nice.READ MORE,5.0
Simply superREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this product 3 weeks back, its getting hanged now and not working properly even i have not installed many apps, camera quality is very poor, not even a single pic is good, the only best thing in this is sound, i don't suggest this to buyREAD MORE",2.0
Very good product to purchase...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best under this price. It's completely a budgetable mobile happy with the performanceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
The phone is very good and camera is especially  very clearREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's quite good Value for moneyI gifted it to my husband and he liked it So it's greatREAD MORE,4.0
"Camera quality is very poor, Indoor Pics was not good.  Battery power was nice.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"First of all i would like to give 5 stars for this product..great product under 10k.. SuperB packing , no Scratches or even damage has not been found... Fast delivery, The delivery boy's behavior was also gud... Once again thanks alot team flipkart & team ekart logisticsREAD MORE",5.0
Mobile body not goodREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Camera , display , battery , rate also okay but performance only down for this mobile .READ MORE",5.0
MKREAD MORE,3.0
camera is not good battery and perfomens are goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice 😊READ MORE,4.0
Nice Product...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Super 🔥READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
No badREAD MORE,2.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good to use for ages peopleREAD MORE,4.0
I am happy of flipkart delivery  of product . product is also very good on comparative in this budget by this features its very nice.READ MORE,5.0
Simply superREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this product 3 weeks back, its getting hanged now and not working properly even i have not installed many apps, camera quality is very poor, not even a single pic is good, the only best thing in this is sound, i don't suggest this to buyREAD MORE",2.0
Very good product to purchase...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best under this price. It's completely a budgetable mobile happy with the performanceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
The phone is very good and camera is especially  very clearREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone 📱 value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I m editing this review due low performances. Signal quality in this set is poorREAD MORE,3.0
Affordable prices and better performance but Camera quality is so bad. There is need to improve camera quality.READ MORE,4.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good product. I love the colour.am satisfied with the purchase.Expecting more offers from flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent featuresREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Simply nice for studentsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone.READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart delivery very fast and activeREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone but price does not suit for the phone.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good Phone for Normal UseREAD MORE,5.0
Mast mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money productREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone in its classREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Very interesting phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable to our moneyREAD MORE,5.0
7000/8000 rete onlyREAD MORE,4.0
Camera can be betterREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth it...excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile I so much happy and timely delivery and good communication delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ThankREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It's okREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
It's a good phone 👌🏾👍🏾Have the problem of heatingREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile lower usingREAD MORE,4.0
AvregeREAD MORE,5.0
Only display quality not good because I can't see hd plus display so itsREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile in low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
I Never Bought Any Redmi Model 😫😣READ MORE,1.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product fast delivery 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Food product.READ MORE,5.0
Good handset an fast delivery by ekart also delivery boy is of good behaviourREAD MORE,5.0
"Best phone , long lasting battery 👍🏼👍🏼❤️READ MORE",5.0
Fantastic mobile best rate 👌 u can close u r eyes and buy this thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and look good.READ MORE,5.0
I never used it because I purchased for gift purpose it's good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing mobileREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazing value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Not good for this price, not working properlyDisplay and camera quality is too bad 👎READ MORE",2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Beat smartphone on this priceBattery backup is very good.Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Front camera almost good but back camera very bad..READ MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Cheap quality camera and batteryREAD MORE,1.0
On my review...this is full worsted product by redmi...u may go for realmi c15...that is the best choice for you...i think my money is lost .. 4 this productDisplay=1/5Camera=1/5Design=1/5V.4 money=1/5READ MORE,1.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile lower usingREAD MORE,4.0
AvregeREAD MORE,5.0
Only display quality not good because I can't see hd plus display so itsREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile in low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
I Never Bought Any Redmi Model 😫😣READ MORE,1.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product fast delivery 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Food product.READ MORE,5.0
Good handset an fast delivery by ekart also delivery boy is of good behaviourREAD MORE,5.0
"Best phone , long lasting battery 👍🏼👍🏼❤️READ MORE",5.0
Fantastic mobile best rate 👌 u can close u r eyes and buy this thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and look good.READ MORE,5.0
I never used it because I purchased for gift purpose it's good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Camera quality is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Gud productREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
best products...READ MORE,5.0
satisfied prodcutREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Most worsted mobile. This item make a heating problem and also face with hanging problem.READ MORE,1.0
Mobile is very good but display and head processor are not so good Could have been better in this priceREAD MORE,3.0
Phone is not good at the cost. Hanging while call.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very Bad products 😔READ MORE,1.0
Very good mobile...READ MORE,4.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Wow nice mobailREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile at mid range mobile for aged people only not for gamersREAD MORE,5.0
Very good looking. Battery is good but camera is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good.READ MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good for 9kREAD MORE,5.0
waste i need correct invoiceREAD MORE,1.0
Absolutely great...READ MORE,5.0
Picture quality is very good👍READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Beat mobile 🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
Not worst... Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Gud productREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
best products...READ MORE,5.0
satisfied prodcutREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Most worsted mobile. This item make a heating problem and also face with hanging problem.READ MORE,1.0
Mobile is very good but display and head processor are not so good Could have been better in this priceREAD MORE,3.0
Phone is not good at the cost. Hanging while call.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. Battery and over all performance is good. Poor camera. But totally with respect to money its goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile for best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile at mid range mobile for aged people only not for gamersREAD MORE,5.0
Very good looking. Battery is good but camera is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good.READ MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Just goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This is best quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
All Good.READ MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
This phone is outdated in 2020 there are better options.camera is pathetic.build is good but overall in 2020 you can get better phone in this price.READ MORE,1.0
So much goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good miREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good value for monyREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile hang karti hREAD MORE,1.0
All good but charger is not working..😣😖😞READ MORE,3.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Ok price 2 month back  8000 this month 10000READ MORE,3.0
Mobile ok... But camera... No worthable qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Image quality is totally bad. Touch feature is not up to the mark. Feels like an old phone due to less features of this set.READ MORE,4.0
It was Very amazing productI love this productIt was very good & nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD ONE VALUE FOR MONEY BUT DON'T BUY MOBILE FOR GAMES IT IS FOR ONLY DAILY USAGEREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding deviceREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm not expected,but this phone was ossam . I'm happy for buy this phone.READ MORE",4.0
Performances good mobile is fantastic working mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget phone..READ MORE,4.0
Best phone in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Battery damaged with in one monthREAD MORE,1.0
Value of Money💰READ MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Display quality low . customer support very poor.READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Worthable productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
excellent product good qualityawesomeREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Fair as much the priceREAD MORE,3.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
In this price range it's quite good. I am satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
Redmi 8 phone is really very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Performace is goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst camera qualityREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best bought phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
VvvgoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Only in 15 days  it brust on  repair Sach a waste product it is...READ MORE,1.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
"Good phone, value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Image quality is totally bad. Touch feature is not up to the mark. Feels like an old phone due to less features of this set.READ MORE,4.0
It was Very amazing productI love this productIt was very good & nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD ONE VALUE FOR MONEY BUT DON'T BUY MOBILE FOR GAMES IT IS FOR ONLY DAILY USAGEREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding deviceREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm not expected,but this phone was ossam . I'm happy for buy this phone.READ MORE",4.0
Performances good mobile is fantastic working mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget phone..READ MORE,4.0
Best phone in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Battery damaged with in one monthREAD MORE,1.0
Value of Money💰READ MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Display quality low . customer support very poor.READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Worthable productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
excellent product good qualityawesomeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing 😍and good priceREAD MORE,4.0
I loved it. Really very mobile..READ MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good phone .battey is good.READ MORE,3.0
Bad product I got made in chinaREAD MORE,3.0
Value for money.. nice product. And also working perform is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Waste phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Nice choiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
VvvgoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Only in 15 days  it brust on  repair Sach a waste product it is...READ MORE,1.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
"Good phone, value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Front camera is not good. Remaning everything is ok I have to give 3/5 ratingREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.This product is very good.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good Budget phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is very HangingREAD MORE,1.0
5 starsREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not much as expected. But it's just a phone under budgetREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance till now .READ MORE,4.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Osm  👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Still my favouriteREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OwsmREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is so soREAD MORE,5.0
Nice performance.READ MORE,5.0
Back colour removingREAD MORE,1.0
Back side colour removingREAD MORE,1.0
Nice piceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile at this price range under Rs.10000READ MORE,4.0
Worth penny Mobile under 10k front camera is awesome and mobile performance too gudREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile good camera quality very fast delivery thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I got this product for 8,499 Rs only..Best budget phone and value for money but it got little slower after sometime due to its low processor.Little disappointed but overall overall product is good go for it..READ MORE",4.0
Really awesome and nice smartphone in low price 👌👌👌.Thanks flipkart.👍👍👍.READ MORE,5.0
I don't recommend to buy this phone . Voice calls are like hell very low voice ... In this price segment you can get better phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery time is so late please deliver atleast 2 to 3 days . All over is good.READ MORE,3.0
its okREAD MORE,2.0
Good phone by redmiREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile back side damage colour changeI hate you redmi mobile any time no purchase redmi Mobile and other frinds so no purchaseREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I love FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi8 nice camaraREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
OssomREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Super nice.. value of money...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone am so happy but my old phone exchange total amount 7200/- pay butCash extra 1800/- pay that is it so sadREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile in 10000READ MORE,5.0
True ValueREAD MORE,4.0
Super phone buy this product superBattery backup is super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Was okay!READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. Go for it its budget fonREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
bang for bucksREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Super nice.. value of money...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone am so happy but my old phone exchange total amount 7200/- pay butCash extra 1800/- pay that is it so sadREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile in 10000READ MORE,5.0
True ValueREAD MORE,4.0
Super phone buy this product superBattery backup is super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Was okay!READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
No good performance &  hang problem.READ MORE,1.0
Soo goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Osm Mobile. I lvd itREAD MORE,5.0
Not Bad....READ MORE,4.0
Everything is good except camera the charging remains for 2 days after using 26 hrs .READ MORE,5.0
It's a good phone.....Camera good   ....But battery not well to fast charging it's a slower chargeREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👌 mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Sound problems when viewing videos in gallery and camera .........READ MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,4.0
averageREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone thise price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
very badREAD MORE,2.0
Very Very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality not good.READ MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product thanks to flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Good looking and good quality. Mainly the battery is good.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product . But processer is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not good.READ MORE,1.0
Not a bad product..READ MORE,5.0
Mi is always greatREAD MORE,5.0
The phone started hanging before one month.. too worst...READ MORE,1.0
avarageREAD MORE,3.0
It is a good quality product..battry back up is awesome and look wise fine..camera is very good..READ MORE,5.0
Poor camera quality.Not good in this priceREAD MORE,2.0
Mobile Charger Is Bad. Not working. Not Useful.READ MORE,2.0
Very Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice display, nice sound quality, fast processor, best camera, budget phone 👍😇👌READ MORE",5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Great battery backup using from 6 months no issueREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"ꜱᴜᴩᴇʀ..,👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Camera would have been betterREAD MORE,4.0
Batter but camera is poorREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Good quality Mobile under this range, value for money,good design, quality good, impress after receiving, thank you Flipkart 🥰🥰🥰READ MORE",5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Mike doesn't work during loudspeaker callingREAD MORE,1.0
So nice 👌 😍READ MORE,5.0
Very good phone at this price value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Batteries is godd performanceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
OKREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Some betterREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
It's Avery good gadget in low Budget.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and lowest priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good conditonREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone delivery in timeREAD MORE,5.0
"it was a very smoothly phone works and also it has a light weight,thin that you are very easily use for the daily life.important thing is that Sapparine blue colour just love it.READ MORE",5.0
I like mobile and love it mamamiaREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product 👍This battery is very best .and value of money This phone is best for gaming ..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"ꜱᴜᴩᴇʀ..,👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Camera would have been betterREAD MORE,4.0
Batter but camera is poorREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Good quality Mobile under this range, value for money,good design, quality good, impress after receiving, thank you Flipkart 🥰🥰🥰READ MORE",5.0
"I buy at 9799.. It is very costly depending on specifications of mobile..**** MI mobile 7-12 months performance is good.. But, after 1 year comes many issues of these mobile.Network mode should be Manual and Automatic individually.. If when selected Auto mode(2g/3g/4g), then Network automatically up/down in 2G-3G-4G when net use..So, bad for the Network setting for using internet. Internet speed is very slow.READ MORE",2.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
Nice packing & deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
"Good product, awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Speekar is damageREAD MORE,1.0
Good I am impressed with the product good job flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Superb 🤩❤❤READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Some betterREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
It's Avery good gadget in low Budget.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and lowest priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good conditonREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone delivery in timeREAD MORE,5.0
"it was a very smoothly phone works and also it has a light weight,thin that you are very easily use for the daily life.important thing is that Sapparine blue colour just love it.READ MORE",5.0
I like mobile and love it mamamiaREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product 👍This battery is very best .and value of money This phone is best for gaming ..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good.. I hate its user interface. Mi Browser is the most annoying thing.  Keyboard typing- Swype is not smooth. It's bulky too.READ MORE,3.0
Bad experienceREAD MORE,2.0
It's nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is not good. Battery backup like 3500 mah not 5000 mah. Phone doesn't work properly. Fingerprint lock doesn't work. Display didn't work properly. And lock is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
MobileREAD MORE,2.0
This phone is amazing😍I like carema in this phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Great thanksREAD MORE,5.0
"I have purchase this last month for gifting purpose I only check first time but didnot charge , again packed and next month give it to my cousin but mobile not charging in overnight 8-9hrs.Charging not working . I request to replace but replace  can work in 10 days.READ MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I buy at 9799.. It is very costly depending on specifications of mobile..**** MI mobile 7-12 months performance is good.. But, after 1 year comes many issues of these mobile.Network mode should be Manual and Automatic individually.. If when selected Auto mode(2g/3g/4g), then Network automatically up/down in 2G-3G-4G when net use..So, bad for the Network setting for using internet. Internet speed is very slow.READ MORE",2.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Product 👌READ MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
💞Good💝Product🙏READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very good👍READ MORE,5.0
Price too high for this phone.. bought it because of urgency. Dont buy this. There are more other products better than this. If the price was about 7000-7500 it would have been great phone.READ MORE,3.0
Display pure quality which types blink blink -------READ MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"Everytime or Say anytime you buy a new phone, after 15 days you will find an excellent deal at that price point. I am little bit disappointed with this truth. My experience with phone is overall well at that time with price of 9999.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
I read the positive reviews before buying this phone. the battery is so weak just don't go there....there are far better phones out thereREAD MORE,1.0
pH was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect phone within this budget. Highly suggestedREAD MORE,5.0
it is better than other phone..compared with in this price ..good nd excelent mobile..READ MORE,5.0
Very good product of redmi 8000 price is awesome and storage of 4*64 nicely mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD REDMIREAD MORE,5.0
Good I love miREAD MORE,4.0
Products to good but delivery too late and not to good  delay so customers are not happy with your delivery serviceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,3.0
Best Smartphone within BudgetREAD MORE,5.0
It is very good product and camera quality is awsome and good for money 👍👍 performance is good and I like the display very much.  It charges fast and battery quality is also good must byREAD MORE,5.0
Budget Mobile & Very nice to useREAD MORE,5.0
Very much satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile.. I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very slowlyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Product 👌READ MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
💞Good💝Product🙏READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone for this price point. Redmi needs to update their software and make it more like one plusREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice product  please buy a am really satisfied from this product  battery is ossam display is excellent no hand problem no heat problem must but value for money thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoogREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile super delivary badREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is very niceREAD MORE,3.0
No use fullREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NICEREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super behadREAD MORE,4.0
nyc phone..no complant about product ..but that  I'CART delivery boy vary here irresponsible   learn first decencyREAD MORE,2.0
Wow!READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great product for meREAD MORE,5.0
NICEREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good at allREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Special for cum creditREAD MORE,4.0
Super product at this rateREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
The display is not even HD. PUBG works in SMOOTH+MEDIUM only/-.The body is not slim .Battery life is goodREAD MORE,4.0
i am happy buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice product and make delivery on timeREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not okREAD MORE,2.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Please check the seller before buying if it's akshnav online don't go for it...just lock your money for 15 days... If you don't have the product then why did you display play with people trust please Flipkart look with concerned this seller is fraud....such seller will put down trust on you of people.....READ MORE,4.0
Worst workingREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
"camera is not that much good , but at this price ok, build quality is good.READ MORE",5.0
for 10k Its enoughREAD MORE,4.0
Good and under monyREAD MORE,5.0
Accept camera other product are qualitativeREAD MORE,5.0
Special for cum creditREAD MORE,4.0
Super product at this rateREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
The display is not even HD. PUBG works in SMOOTH+MEDIUM only/-.The body is not slim .Battery life is goodREAD MORE,4.0
i am happy buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice product and make delivery on timeREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not okREAD MORE,2.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Display average out side using not shows anything other wise this product very nyc most strongREAD MORE,5.0
Camera not as good as describe and display quality get poor if you want to play games. Not supports HD quality while playing pubg Or other quality base games.READ MORE,2.0
Nice redmi 8 this price good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Ok middle class mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good piece but battery backup is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Good quality of piece but battery backup is not goodREAD MORE,3.0
My mom is is using it and not a single objection yet.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone looks like awesome.READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad mobile.READ MORE,1.0
Perfect in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought for my sister., She is happy .., wonderful productREAD MORE",5.0
It's a amazing productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is not good according to its specificationsREAD MORE,2.0
"All things are good camera, battery, display. But one thing is that it automatically turns off and don't open till 15-20 minutes acts like dead. I am using it from one month . And it happens 3 times . Hope this will help you.READ MORE",4.0
Most loved redmi 8Best quality this phoneLow price 7499 only getThank you my seller & flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very Good Quality & Wonderful & long life Better and amazing camera quality...READ MORE,5.0
I can’t believe what A performance Worth for money Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is good for senior citizens can be very useful for them.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Superb 👌READ MORE,5.0
What a mobile vow'! Super mobile phone for lesser price I owned super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Just very fantastic MobileREAD MORE,4.0
Display average out side using not shows anything other wise this product very nyc most strongREAD MORE,5.0
Camera not as good as describe and display quality get poor if you want to play games. Not supports HD quality while playing pubg Or other quality base games.READ MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
V. GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Mobile PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
"The phone is good, but at this price, the camera could have been a bit better. Slow motion video option is not there. Otherwise, the processor and the battery are awesome. Also, my device has already received an update to Android 10 which is really cool.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
This phone one of the best phone in this time....READ MORE,4.0
overall good mobile in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Camera quality is not bad and battery life is good and display them is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.. value for money and looking beautiful..READ MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,4.0
Very high cost nowREAD MORE,3.0
Good and excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good battery very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product but late delivery...READ MORE,5.0
Great value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Nice Phone.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobile in these rateREAD MORE,5.0
I ordered this mobile for my friend's.he also happy this mobile.READ MORE,5.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
Very good model value of worthREAD MORE,5.0
"superb Mobile, don't much think ,buy it.😊😊READ MORE",5.0
Best camera better than I thoughtREAD MORE,5.0
Good but camera is not a goodREAD MORE,4.0
WoowREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
after 5 days mother board fails please buy to shopREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nothi good about this phone other than the cost  it' s heavy.. The display is dull.. The rear  camera is as good as a 8 megapixel.. Selfies are outo beautified so the face looks digitally enhancREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nicely phoneREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,4.0
It's a good oneSatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
The product is good but not really good for gamers because the processor of the phone is very and weak But on average the phone is mind-blowing at this price range fingerprint scanner face unlock are also Good. 2 days long lasting battery life on average use .camera quality is dencent. But this phone is not gamers specially who play pubgREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Overall a good packageREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is good but about 2 and 3 hour continues use... Mobile is hot.... Temperature level is very highREAD MORE,3.0
Loving ittREAD MORE,4.0
This mobile was good but processor is bad old processor it might be considerable for gamersOtherwise superb battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice...READ MORE,4.0
Super osmREAD MORE,5.0
Overall purchase is good like the ui but dont like advertising in ui.READ MORE,4.0
camera worst. please don't buy this phone because of  cost. really worst. flipkart is cheating customers and service is very very badREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and batteryREAD MORE,5.0
I have ordered it for my friend. He said that it is awesome....READ MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,4.0
"Super looking nice mobile, thq flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Not satisified, Buying after 2 months the mobile display is not working.The display light is completely off.READ MORE",1.0
Jst one and only camera is average......READ MORE,4.0
Good for the priceREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Quality of camera and battery backup is very bed totally waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Waste online product back glass are totally came out waste productREAD MORE,1.0
Product is so nice but delivery is too lateREAD MORE,3.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Powerfull  batteryREAD MORE,2.0
Average phone hai....READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not so good but ok. camera is not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice...READ MORE,4.0
Super osmREAD MORE,5.0
Overall purchase is good like the ui but dont like advertising in ui.READ MORE,4.0
camera worst. please don't buy this phone because of  cost. really worst. flipkart is cheating customers and service is very very badREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Worth spending moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Working in good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
Nice👍 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile good service tnex flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
No good ☹️READ MORE,1.0
Super 😎READ MORE,5.0
Good 👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Disappointed with camera quality and display. Remaining OK.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I have ordered it for my friend. He said that it is awesome....READ MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good. Mobile lightly weight.READ MORE,4.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
Thats goodREAD MORE,5.0
Too much hype for phone always out of stockREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is good but charging & connectivity with TV very poorREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Redmi 8 is peoples choice phone due to very good marketing done by Redmi team phone is however also good in terms of display but its quite heavy may be due to big battery, if you are Mi fan than go for it.READ MORE",4.0
Product is so nice but delivery is too lateREAD MORE,3.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Powerfull  batteryREAD MORE,2.0
Average phone hai....READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not so good but ok. camera is not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Great phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Gud mobileREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Gd mobile use to very nice valuable for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Mobile Phone, Fast Delebary, Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good betterREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"It's nice phone 4gb ram, 64gb rom...READ MORE",5.0
Quality superREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Suberb❤❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
"Pixels are clearly visible with naked eyes, display quality is horrible for the price range. Software was buggy from the start. Do not buy if u are looking for a phone to watch hd videos.READ MORE",2.0
Great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
"Best phone in this price segment,thanks to Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent phone under rs. 10000/-. I am very happy and also recommend to buy.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is not good as expected.... processor is not strong enough ....but at this price it's good..READ MORE,4.0
This phone is very nice at this price range ....#good product # must buyREAD MORE,4.0
I am very impress Nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Powerfull mobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"This mobile is very useless, it is very hanging, sometimes the function does not work, waste of moneyREAD MORE",2.0
Nice😍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome to be purchase this one of my fav.BrandThanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery backup are so good 🙂READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone for under 9000READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Mobile in this costREAD MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Mobile Phone, Fast Delebary, Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Processor is bedREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile I'm very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product I'm so happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is good but battery damageREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile....battery sooper...but camera poor qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Mobil always hang when use data and network problem for this phone network is too poor by other phoneREAD MORE,2.0
I like the phone very muchREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent phone under rs. 10000/-. I am very happy and also recommend to buy.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is not good as expected.... processor is not strong enough ....but at this price it's good..READ MORE,4.0
This phone is very nice at this price range ....#good product # must buyREAD MORE,4.0
I am very impress Nice cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but normal modelREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Ok money worthREAD MORE,4.0
"Very Nice Budget phone. You get more what you need for this rate. Though I got from some glitch on my previous order while delivering from flipkart my order got cancelled, This time all went perfect.READ MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
6monthREAD MORE,5.0
Best DealREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"In this price this is the best phone to buy, Strongly recommended must by for this budget.READ MORE",5.0
"Can't rotate 180 deg, no battery charging indicator light, charging n headphone point are at bottom so can't use by putting in stand n charging....slow than note4READ MORE",3.0
"Good product, battery backup & display is super . Thanks to MI & Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good but rate HighREAD MORE,5.0
Good 1noREAD MORE,5.0
Phone heating very much...and it bends due to heatingREAD MORE,3.0
Processor is bedREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile I'm very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product I'm so happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is good but battery damageREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile....battery sooper...but camera poor qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Mobil always hang when use data and network problem for this phone network is too poor by other phoneREAD MORE,2.0
I like the phone very muchREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good but battery take more time to chargeREAD MORE,5.0
Pros.. 1. Good battery back up.. 2.Design goodCons.. 1. Camera quality not good2.Display not good. 3.Touch quality not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Its not gudREAD MORE,3.0
Worst phone I have used.READ MORE,1.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Ok money worthREAD MORE,4.0
"Very Nice Budget phone. You get more what you need for this rate. Though I got from some glitch on my previous order while delivering from flipkart my order got cancelled, This time all went perfect.READ MORE",4.0
Its goes switched off automatically.After use of 1st month of buy.READ MORE,2.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Back camera very bedREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice products...READ MORE,4.0
Best budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Its best.....READ MORE,4.0
Phone awesome but battery back up averageREAD MORE,5.0
Worst camera ever seen price also hike after lockdown did not expect such a worst clarity of a redmi phoneREAD MORE,1.0
The colour is rising from the bodyREAD MORE,2.0
Worthy thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
So far good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good jobsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
So wonderful super duper phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad quality Never buy this product It is waste of moneyCamera=very badBattery=somthing goodDisplay=fully badPerformance=not good at allFace and finger print senser=not working very wellREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good product.READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phone with very good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
The color of the phone is loosing his paintREAD MORE,1.0
Overall Review 3.5 Star Out of 5 ✌️READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone 📱 👍READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Display auto runningREAD MORE,2.0
Camera quality is not at all good. But other functions are good.READ MORE,4.0
Camera quality very poorREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very wonderful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Worth for the price tag. Having small hanging problems.READ MORE,4.0
Battery  life goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good compart for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good Phone In BudjetREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GtaREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good performances phone in class 10000READ MORE,5.0
Very bad quality Never buy this product It is waste of moneyCamera=very badBattery=somthing goodDisplay=fully badPerformance=not good at allFace and finger print senser=not working very wellREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Fantastic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Blue colour looks amazing.... Performance at this cost is very nice... Nice battery backup.... Full screen.. best smartphone under 10,000... Cost wish it's nice....READ MORE",5.0
I'm posting review after using 2months of product1)Value for mony2)Battery backup is too good3) camera is ok 4) quick charging*Over all in the low prices best product*READ MORE,4.0
This is a best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Best mobile.,product is very good thank you flipkart...READ MORE",4.0
Glorious Mobile for me. I'm so happy for better luck me for my MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Really awesome mobile low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super MI Indian number 1READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good purchase in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
Best of productsREAD MORE,4.0
I love the phone .the touch of phone is so good.READ MORE,5.0
"Super, nice quality phone, thanks redmi, thank you flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Best MoblieREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is not susesfulREAD MORE,2.0
"Good product and worth for money,READ MORE",5.0
"good, but camara is so sadREAD MORE",3.0
Amazing product 👍🏻READ MORE,5.0
Budget mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Worst phone ever don't buy it.It is totally waste of money.Here is many mobiles/options of this range.READ MORE,1.0
We r redmi familyREAD MORE,4.0
Bought the emerald green phone. Looks fabulous.Performance is also great. Camera is very good in day light. Selfie camera isn't good indoors. Battery lasts for a day with moderate usage.Overall it's worth the buy.READ MORE,4.0
Screen not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
𝙎𝙪𝙥𝙥𝙚𝙧 𝙢𝙤𝙗𝙞𝙡𝙚 𝙧𝙚𝙙𝙢𝙞READ MORE,5.0
"Nice Product, good delivery, nice lovable delivery boyREAD MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
It's awesome..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good fraduct..READ MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery life is good but poora camera qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect cameraREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nc prductREAD MORE,5.0
"VERY BAD, HIGH PRICEREAD MORE",1.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Good but oldREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Average mobileREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
Best of productsREAD MORE,4.0
I love the phone .the touch of phone is so good.READ MORE,5.0
"Super, nice quality phone, thanks redmi, thank you flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Best MoblieREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is not susesfulREAD MORE,2.0
"Good product and worth for money,READ MORE",5.0
"good, but camara is so sadREAD MORE",3.0
Worth fo d moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.... My name is Guddi Don... Best cell phone to use.... Ruff and tuffREAD MORE,5.0
Good For budgetREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Overall its biceREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice Product, good delivery, nice lovable delivery boyREAD MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
It's awesome..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good fraduct..READ MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery life is good but poora camera qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect cameraREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nc prductREAD MORE,5.0
"VERY BAD, HIGH PRICEREAD MORE",1.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Good but oldREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Average mobileREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad products ..mobile battery backup badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodBut camera quality is lowREAD MORE,4.0
good dilevryREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money good to use nice budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"A gud phone for this price. great battery backup. bought it for my mother. Poor gaming performance though. Ok, for regular day to day usage.READ MORE",4.0
Budget phone All is ok but Battery charge Time Is very slow.READ MORE,4.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceI am very happyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good budget mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Worth fo d moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.... My name is Guddi Don... Best cell phone to use.... Ruff and tuffREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product in this price range 👍READ MORE,3.0
Overall product is ok.READ MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks filpkart &miREAD MORE,5.0
I liked little bit problem in the camera segment bu it's a budget friendly smartphone although a super value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
GodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good for that priceREAD MORE,5.0
"This mobile is owesm ,i really love thisREAD MORE",5.0
Best phone in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good product 👌 👍READ MORE,5.0
I love it.READ MORE,5.0
This mobile is awesomeThe battery backup is very goodBut glass card can't give with this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone under 10K its good in design and performance also GreatREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Redmi 8 phone cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Supbb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing mobile in this price.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Som thing goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice with you and best Flipkart👈👍👍👍👍👍🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳👍👍 Flipkart apni DukaanREAD MORE,5.0
"Waste service from Flipkart - Ordered screen guard /case along with this product- almost 25 days , not yet delivered. As per Flipkart , not able to trace  the product. Flipkart doesnt have ekart contacts to check with them. so pathetic.READ MORE",1.0
GOOD PRODUCT THIS MONEYREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product in this price range 👍READ MORE,3.0
Overall product is ok.READ MORE,4.0
Don't buy this productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome phone but little bulkyREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile not working properly..charge less..READ MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Product was so  good but ..And value for money  thank flipkart for this good productREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good product 👌 👍READ MORE,5.0
I love it.READ MORE,5.0
This mobile is awesomeThe battery backup is very goodBut glass card can't give with this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone under 10K its good in design and performance also GreatREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Redmi 8 phone cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Supbb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Actually it's really cool but i thought the colour will more attractive that's y i get little disappointed .but over all its amazingREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
It is a decent phone under 10kREAD MORE,4.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Using from last one year good phone for parents. It works fast able to do all the needful.READ MORE,5.0
Good products at this price 😊 but I also purchased Redmi 8a dual I find this phones camera better than Redmi 8 !READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good for the priceREAD MORE,3.0
This phone is being hanged frequently. I'm totally dissatisfied with this phone.READ MORE,2.0
Packing was very poor and  careless packingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Worst displayREAD MORE,2.0
This price best mobile 👌🏻READ MORE,5.0
It's a niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Mind blowing phone, nice performanceIt's look niceThanks to MIREAD MORE",5.0
"Guys,battery backup is good but battery charging is very bad it take about 9 hours to full in first time charge shotREAD MORE",3.0
Don't buy this productREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome phone but little bulkyREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile not working properly..charge less..READ MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Product was so  good but ..And value for money  thank flipkart for this good productREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good lookingREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Superb ek number tikawo phoneREAD MORE,3.0
"Timely delivery,. Mobile is worth of moneyREAD MORE",4.0
Overall performance ok but some times display work on automaticallyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobleREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product....READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Product is very good and quality is also good tnX flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Really good product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GREAT PRODUCT .READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile thanks flipkart but I want to say flipkart has delivered too much long timeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good product this price..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome phon supper battery backup and sup camera results good.READ MORE,5.0
Good one... With good package😇READ MORE,5.0
Back side cover paint layer gets out..READ MORE,1.0
Good and budget mobileREAD MORE,5.0
midioum prodouctREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
That's nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Camera and other functions is not up to the level with this price 10k.READ MORE,3.0
Only you have to compromise with camera.....otherwise this phone has everything better than expected.READ MORE,5.0
This phone is decent at this price range. We can play games like pubg in medium frame rate. In my opinion it is decent for a budget 10k smartphone. Camera quality is not that great. Battery life is fantastic.READ MORE,5.0
Mast mobileREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
The product has value for money. The great mobile is made by XIAOMI ( REDMI 8). I like it. According to me REDMI 8 is top product with 4 GB ram & 64 GB storage. Best camera quality with 12+ 2 MP rear & 8 MP front camera. Supporting 5000mAh powerful performance of battery with fast charging & based on latest operating system 9. In MIUI series. Feeling better than others with your powerful performance of processor . Like a Royal entry.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best price best poneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Overall in this price this is better ...READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile under 10k....READ MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
camera osmREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product with less amountREAD MORE,4.0
Buget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
There was display problem with the product  I have got... They didn't even replaced it iam so sorry with the product I have got.....READ MORE,2.0
Amazing producedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice budget phone if u looking good option in under 10000 ra that will be frist and best choice.READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
It's good phone but this amount is little highREAD MORE,1.0
Super productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It's okayREAD MORE,4.0
Good delivery good parductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
The product is nice but there are froads 8n the tram and it's not soo good and even they always look for money and even the costomer care is responding so rudely the product is good but nothing else is good we did not even recieve the invoice still now the product is 11000 but 5hey took 20000READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile fast delivery with in 2days thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing producedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice budget phone if u looking good option in under 10000 ra that will be frist and best choice.READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
It's good phone but this amount is little highREAD MORE,1.0
Super productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Very smoothly fonREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very bad product in flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,5.0
A good buy at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product 👏🏻👏🏻 thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Looking kirrrak using awesome very good product i agree this modelREAD MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
📱 Phone I like it.READ MORE,5.0
Very good product.But there is no headset.battery and performance good.I like this readmeREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobioe i love it but who want nice camera please do not purchase it only for normal use for camera try some other mobile but rest all is good i love this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery and wonderful product 👍READ MORE,5.0
Outstanding perfomanceREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
It is a very good phone and I also got delivery from Flipkart in advance.READ MORE,5.0
Super ❤️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best for valueREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
ThankuREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Phone is awesome, No doubt. The only drawback is that this phone has no notification LED light anywhere so when any messages comes it will not be able to notify you, it just blinks the light for a while.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very bad product in flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Touchscreen problem, hang problem is frequent after use of 1 month, battery life has reduced tremendously after 4 months.READ MORE",1.0
There is coming some problems like Hanging and phone heating in this phoneREAD MORE,3.0
All is good but camera was not so good as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Sir Thanks for such a beautiful phone.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Osm mobile iam happyREAD MORE,5.0
its ok.READ MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobioe i love it but who want nice camera please do not purchase it only for normal use for camera try some other mobile but rest all is good i love this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery and wonderful product 👍READ MORE,5.0
Outstanding perfomanceREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
It is a very good phone and I also got delivery from Flipkart in advance.READ MORE,5.0
Typical MI phone nothing special about it there is nothing to review it get the job done nothing else don't expect much frome this smartphoneREAD MORE,3.0
Good protectREAD MORE,5.0
