review,rating
"I am giving this review after 2wk of using this phone, Battery backup is super all over fully worth of singel penny.  I am a student and I addicted by social network site and online gaming but at that time I meet with a Physicist and he told me for use this phone and and never use smart phone aprox 3mnth,  believe me now I am spend much more time for my study purpose and and I feel more batter than my previous days. Thank You Flipkart Thank. you SamsungREAD MORE",5.0
"This is My 2nd Phone as I use my iPhone for emails & other stuff, but if you are looking for best quality, rough Handling, strong battery life & Light weight phone this is the phone for you.Very nice phone with bright display & nice basic key padThank you SamsungREAD MORE",5.0
"This is the best phone for calls and messages stuff. The phone looks premium for the price. To get your mind free from outside world and if you wish to talk to long lost friends buy this phone. Trust me, you will be more social if you have this phone. Your unwanted browsing time and unwanted app searches will be considerably reduced and you will spend more time for the essential things. You can always play sudoku, much better mind game than candy crush and clash of clans and pubg. You can a...READ MORE",5.0
I HAve a micromax funbook pro which not have sim slot for this i bought this product and it is nice and fast battry backup is superb 3 days easily and u should buy it........................................................................................READ MORE,5.0
"Pros : Robust, Very long battery backup, Cheapest out there. Torch light.Cons: No. If you want a phone just for calling and texting, this is the one for you. You throw it battery pops out but that's it you put in the battery and it's like a new phone. I have been using this for 1 year now and this phone has worked like a charm. It's indeed Guru of all the phones in its range.READ MORE",5.0
This Phone is best for Everyone.The price is right and appropriate which accomodate at everyone's Choice for value of Money.And the phone colour also liked by everyone.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome purchase! small,handy ,durable ,economical and above all it takes me to old memory lane.During my childhood when we used these phones with great charm. Although these tiny sets are replaced by modern Android one,but I truly believe that Old is gold.READ MORE",5.0
"nice phone for defence personal, because there is no camera, no memory card, no FM radio, no Bluetooth. light wait, small size with clear display and good speakerREAD MORE",5.0
Good as Possible as the company can.ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜Š Its value for money.. must buy if your budget is low.. and need a good portable mobile phone.. ðŸ‘ðŸ˜ŒREAD MORE,5.0
"Using since 20 days..Pros.1. Excellent Battery backup. Lasting for a week.2. Small in size. Can carry easily with my 5.5 inch smartphone in same pocket.3. Loud sound.4. Take less time to fully charged.5. Suitable for calls and basic uses.Cons.1. No USB port to charge. Need to carry extra charger while travelling.There are some others cons it has like only one  game(Sudoku), few wallpapers, few ringtones, but this can be negligible as full focused has been given in long lasting Bat...READ MORE",5.0
"Perfect one for my very basic requirements. A quality product. Excellent Battery. Clear sound, Speaker, Torch, Small and Light weight, Big fonts, are the pros.No cons yet.I had got a defective one (torch was not working) and Flipkart replaced that quickly. Excellent service from Flipkart. Would recommend if the requirement is VERY basic as it does not have features such as radio, camera, music player which might be basic for some.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome ....mobile very good looking so nice and smart.. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Ordered for father as he is not much versed with smart phones and he just loved it. ..I m very happy with it's performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung is well known for its Guru 1200.Its nice mobile with best battery backup.Really Awesome GuysGo for it..thnkx FlipkartðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
"The phone is a great option to consider if you are trying to isolate yourself from the digital world. This phone is good for calls and SMS texting only. It doesn't have radio, camera or any multimedia file playing feature.I bought it for my secondary number which I need to keep active for personal reasons. The best part about the phone is that it can go upto almost a couple of weeks if you charge the battery fully.Worth the buy.READ MORE",4.0
"worth for the money, very good phone, Long battery backup, good sound quality, very good for long conversations..READ MORE",5.0
product got on time and good service... and genuine product and working very well  without any issue till date hoping flipkart is best in giving services all time...READ MORE,5.0
I have used many other brands of mobiles previously but when I started using this mobileI saw complete diffference..I mainly purchased this mobile as a back up for my Smartphone Xperia Arc as I willl be on travel mostly..I have got what I actually expected..After speaking more that 1-2 hours everyday the battery remains same unchanged..It's been 3 days I have put charge in this mobile and I can see that only 1 bar has been decreased till now. So I just recommend everybody to use this mobile ...READ MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru 1200 is the best and robust mobile for day to day mobile telephony. 1. Battery back up excellent2. Size is good in hands3. Screen is good4. Strong housing5. Dirt proof keypadI strongly recommend this productREAD MORE,5.0
Very light weight and good built quality makes it great phone in this range.....Main advantage is its battery life....2-3 days operation after full recharge once.... Flashlight is best quality and beautiful thing which is add-on to phone...Sound clarity is excellent even on loudspeaker...Best phone to buy....must go for it.....READ MORE,5.0
the cellular is a basic one. its hardy and very good for calling and messaging. sound quality good. it is small and cute looking cell.READ MORE,4.0
"This phone rocks!Pros ===============================1) Very snappy & fast, 5 alarms, all customisable,  Able to block even character based sms companies, like BP-BSNLUPE etc2) Good colors on outside phone as well inside menus. Rubber buttons are good, lightweight & long battery.3) Ringing sound is not so loud, but the call voice volume is great (opposite nokia)4) Lots of subtle software advantages over same range nokia. Free torch (long press of up button), mobile tracker etcLimi...READ MORE",5.0
I gifted it to my grandmother she's is super happy with the phone previously she is to have Celkon keypad phone the battery on it doesn't last's for one day also now the new samsung phone last's a week with a single charge the price is a little bit high than offline store finally 5 ðŸŒŸ phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It's a good mobile but it is not support 4G sim...I tried too many times but everytime it's unable to perform...I suggest that you will improve performance and try to support 4G sim in this mobile...Thank you....READ MORE,5.0
best primary phone ever for low signal area this phone is mostly recommend good phone and the battery backup is upto 6 to 7 days in normal 2 to 3 hours talk time normallyREAD MORE,5.0
Good and fine response. i feel very glad to be a customer of Flipkart ...hat's of to the members of flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobile. Very strong battery. Good mobile for those who are hesitant or not used to with touch screen phones. Very fast delivery by flipkart. Thank you.READ MORE,5.0
"A nice decent looking phone for this price range. good signal strength , very very good battery life. Battery works up to 5-6 days on moderate use.READ MORE",4.0
well got this for my grandma works perfectly without a problem....GUi is easy as pie so yep for the family who don't know much tech this is a great mobile to be giving out and yes battery is epic as the nokia phones. The battery on this stayed 1week after 14calls in 1 weekREAD MORE,5.0
"this phone is very good if u want to buy truly basic phone. it has good sound quality, wonderful battery backup, no network problems and very easy handling.but it is mobile in its primitive era. it doesnt have some of the basic functions of phone. FM should have been there. and they dont supply headset with handset.I recommend this phone if you want basic phone, just for call purpose and for no other function.READ MORE",4.0
"I have bought this product for my cousin as he wanna present a gift to his fiancee. the product which got delivered shortly is just too good and worth the money. i strongly recommend this to one who use their mobile for texting and calling. Most importantly,It is a stylish product.READ MORE",4.0
The phone switches off automatically. The issue started after 3 weeks of usage. I was under the impression that basic handsets are simpler and reliable compared to the smarts... well it is simple for sure but cannot exactly term it reliable owing to the fact that I have to keep checking on it to make sure it feels like being on!READ MORE,1.0
"Flipkart is Fast and packing is very good.I purchased it for my mother who don't use any smart features.This model is cheapest in the basic segment it seems. The Big drawback is the Call quality, its not up to the mark. I purchased it for very basic purpose and that is not satisfied. Its better to invest bit more and go for another model like C3322 which I am using since long time and very happy with call quality.READ MORE",2.0
I am very much satisfied with this product ! Using this phone brought me back the old memories of using Nokia 1100 ! Battery backup is excellent and call voice clarity s good ! Very handy and light weight ! Torch s good !! Overall its a big thumbs up from my side ! I just love this one !READ MORE,5.0
"it has no speed dial facility, i purchased it for my father for his easy use. but for old people speed dial is the important feature.All other things are good . good for a additional mobile use for youngsters. I will not recommend it for old peopleREAD MORE",4.0
Nice phone. Easy to use. Package is too good. On time delivery. Every thing is good.9-11 days battery life. Good for long battery life and low budget personREAD MORE,5.0
it's really a big big powerful small keypad mobile under 1500. battery backup is really better than others mobile. i like it's very muchREAD MORE,5.0
"Those who want simple and peaceful life, then they must start to use this mobile and enjoy the tension free life. Nice mobile!!!READ MORE",5.0
Superb feature phone. Great voice clarity. Super battery back up. Good for people who use the mobile for long hours talking. Go for it without a thought. Value for money product.READ MORE,4.0
"It's just perfect since it is a keypad phone it's great. If anyone wants a device for only for calling and messaging then this is what they should take and another thing that I noticed that the charger is impressively fast, like faster than what we usually expect from these things.READ MORE",5.0
this is first day with phone look wise its at par . nice and sleek model in first look .READ MORE,4.0
"A very good secondary Phone if you want it just for calls its awesome. great battery life, smooth experience. loud sound perfect price. just a awesome phone for 2nd simREAD MORE",4.0
it's a good bar phone for those who is not comfortable with Android aur iOS phones and better life is good tooREAD MORE,5.0
No multimedia media. Excellent for personal who works at sensitive places where smart phone not permitted. Excellent battery lifeREAD MORE,4.0
A good and efficient mobile but the display is too small. and it's charging plug is very old model remaining all is goodREAD MORE,4.0
"good mobile,golden color is some thing hatke.battery performance is good no very good........thanks to seller & good deal from flipkart again thanks alot flipkart &&&&& thanks alot for pay later.READ MORE",5.0
I don't know about Samsung but I trust flipkart any thing but for me. I trust flipkart have a best products only to customers.READ MORE,5.0
Itâ€™s a brilliant little dynamite ðŸ§¨ it works so efficient and effortlessly reminds me of the good old classic phone days of childhoodREAD MORE,4.0
good but prize is high..this prize other company is to better phone .samsung guru prize 1100..but nokia 105  rs 1000 display big .battary is 1000mah ..ok satisfactory..READ MORE,4.0
"Nice product, easy to use, i gifted to my mom she is happy and talk to us dailyREAD MORE",4.0
"Nice product, easy to use, i gifted to my mom she is happy and talk to us dailyREAD MORE",4.0
very Nice mobileDesign is very Good battery backup is Good Very Nice productDelivery is very fast I receive in only 2 DaysAll over Performance is very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
first of all thank you Flipkart. very good product.battery & charger also very good & this mobile looking very nice. & one of the best online shopping app it is FLIPKART.READ MORE,5.0
Super mobile value for money battery very good all OK my mom very happy for this mobile battery performance love it i give five star's thank u flipkart. â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
the mobile is very compact and good for the rural areas where there is a problem of mobile networks the battery is really very good but there is no 3.5 mm audio jack but it supports FM radioREAD MORE,5.0
"i got it for 1100.it is the best bar phone in this price with excellent sound, signal reception and battery backup. it is durable.i recommend it as secondary phone with any smart phone. i liked the golden color alot. it is even better than black color.READ MORE",5.0
I buy this for my dad and he like to use this type of mobile actually he don't like touchscreens phones so I was search and find this but I forget to select a music player mobile like Samsung's guru musicREAD MORE,5.0
I buy this mobile and its really good in terms of cost and performance. If you are looking for good phone for only calling purpose then its good to buy.READ MORE,4.0
last day i got it and its looks good dnt have too much to say about mobile right now but i appreciate your delivery person and  your srvice as well  great job initially i didnot like to book the prodct from flipcart because last time he deliverd my product after delaying 4 to 5 days but this time they deleverd in time goodREAD MORE,4.0
"I have received this Samsung Guru single sim mobile in 1100/-, but I realised that there are many other brands giving much better products/mobiles in lesser amount. not well as expected. call receiving speaker is not very good, ringtone volume is also not loud and battery backup is not good as Nokia phones in this range. not worth purchase in this amountREAD MORE",2.0
Thank you so much!! My mom was very happy when I gifted her such a small and medium size mobile .READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone and great  fast delivery thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Super fast delivery by flipkart received in 60 hours...gifted to my dadi ma... Love u dadi ma... Phone is just awesome long lasting battery and tough body... Very good phone for extreme conditions...READ MORE,4.0
"Samsung guru, this is the phone which is the one which take small space and big communication.Most simplest phone for teenagers and for old people.Simplest means of communication in a very low prize money because of which it is in most of the hands because of the trusted brand samsung.Simple with all the small features like calander, calculater etcGreat torch function, keypad with lights and very stunning body.Great battery backup most simplest and cheapest phone with trusted brand...READ MORE",5.0
This phone is good for long lasting battery life . And voice quality is so good while calling. I am happy with itREAD MORE,5.0
super phone I have bought this phone for my grandmother simple phone that can be handled by anyone easy to use long battery life buy this phone people who don't know to use phone can use it too good phone super fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
I gifted this my ammo jaan she is used this mobile for calling and she is very happy1.Battrybackup is very good 2.sound quality is very good3.Apprence and body quality good4.Flifkart delivery very fast5.I heartily thanks to flifkart for 6.Samsung brand is best so no think and purchased thisREAD MORE,5.0
work is good and batter prize so I m vary happy to this productREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice basic phone, easy to use, I am buying it for my mom now she is using it, and it works fine.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice phone and sound quality is so good and sharp and clearREAD MORE,5.0
Best price and small size good phone big better and nice colour 100% long term keypad phone but this phone market price by 1000 and holsale Price is 700 eich any marketREAD MORE,5.0
Its good and charge is available for long time its a good product and best as a second phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It was nice and the delivery was so fast that i would like to shop more..READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneâ€¦ very easy to useâ€¦ good featuresâ€¦ also really impressed with the battery life.READ MORE,5.0
Very very very good product in Samsung Guru best battery power and good look very happy good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Evergreen phone, always great in use as far as normal calling is concerned. A best option for oldies as I also gifted it my grandmother. Since it's samsung one can assure of atleast 2 year great service of it.READ MORE",4.0
This is a very good and simple bar phone.it is very easy to use to our senior citizens.very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
This is really good phone ! but it  doesn't   Come with headphone !Whatever it is a good product.. and my experience with flipkart excellent !!!!!READ MORE,4.0
"Only one phone used from last 6 years..because of only one reason is battery is anazing, clarify and price of cost is always good compared to any other android phones and best one is it's easy carrying like wallet or pouch..That's why i bought 2 phones .i always suggest to prefer this phone not only for old peoples..Old is hold.samsung is damn good mobile alwaysREAD MORE",5.0
"As always Flipkart stood to my expectations, nice packing, timely delivery, what else do I want.Handset is pretty basic, light in weight, monster battery, and good calling.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice base model phone ... Good battery , good sound and good voice clarity ... This is the best base model for who are looking for base model phonesREAD MORE",5.0
"This is good product for calling facility , sound is good and battery talk time up to 36 hrs . thanks Flipkart for fastest delivery service.READ MORE",5.0
Small and good looking beautiful phone battery too good life and voice too clear cheap and best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It is a good phone worth buying for second option if u have a smartphone. Good battery life also.READ MORE,4.0
Mobile is very nice and so good Iam biggest fan for Flipkart because our paking type is so good very very protective this time also protective thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Best phone user this range. I bought it for my mom and she is very happy. Call quality is good , light in weight and compact size.READ MORE",5.0
Mobile is compact .  there is no silent option  when calls comes . otherwise good . long life batteryREAD MORE,4.0
"I had bought this for my mom. Simple features, easy to use and nice sound quality. She loved it!READ MORE",5.0
Good VALUE FOR MONEY AND GREAT SERVICE ..I am very happy with this product. great for secondary phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in the prices range.It is the best phone for users with multiple sim cards.It does not get significantly damaged when you drop it by mistake.The battery life is just awesome and it can store all your contacts.It does not get hanged or heated up when your use it for long duration of time.READ MORE,5.0
It's a nice product if you want to have keypad mobile. It is only used for calling. Good Product and good delivering the product.READ MORE,4.0
"I bought this for my Dad who is not comfortable with smart phones. He liked it, simple and does its job.Battery life is same as old Nokia 1100, simply awesome :)READ MORE",5.0
very good products and lowest price and good quality and better price and better fabric its amazing productsREAD MORE,5.0
"good for generic mobile users and for ones who prefer battery and calls over features. gifted one to my mother in law and although she was a nokia user, prefers this one as well. lovely blue color to complement the features along with a sturdy buildREAD MORE",4.0
"I had ordered this phone because I needed a handset with good battery life.once i full chrged then no need charge the phone for two days The look and feel of the phone is sturdy value for money. I have dropped it several time, but no scratch on the body. So you have to keep it at high volume to listen clearly or use the speaker phone.READ MORE",4.0
good slim phone and also has good battery backup.nice and genuine product really i love it. And i got it before estimated tym.READ MORE,4.0
Its good and happy with it as it was gift for my father. It was delivered to me fast and was a Diwali giftREAD MORE,5.0
This is a nice utility phone for people who don't know how to use smart phones or have no practical usage of it. Inner voice quality is also good and so is the network catching.READ MORE,4.0
"If you just want to use a phone for calls and sms, this is the phone. Excellent voice clarity, excellent battery backup ( you need to charge once a week based on moderate usage). Even if it falls on hard surface like concrete, it does not break like 25K,50K smart phones.Recommended for anyone who wants the basic features of a phone - talking and sms.READ MORE",5.0
"I have purchased it for my mother, but really feel envy for it.  all things simple. good battery life and easy to useREAD MORE",5.0
"In such a low budget, an excellent phone. Clear sound. Go for it...buttons are easy to use. Has a powerful LED torch. Overall, a very very good low budget phone.READ MORE",5.0
awesome delivery and product quality was awesome and battery life is super awesome delivery and product quality was awesome and battery life is superREAD MORE,5.0
"dude i am telling u its a great mobile first of all its not too heavy on budgetand second is pros:great keypad bright and crisp display apps are useful for beginners and first time users of mobilesthe con :if u are giving this to ur child ,then the games wont impressold version :some game like 3 in a row(candy crush)new version: sudoku with 100 levelsso without considering the game , its a great mobilego get it !!!!!READ MORE",4.0
Battery backup upto 10 days on heavy use 3 days . Elegant design extremely good for old peoples since the phone has simple interface. I use this as my backup phone. And one more thing this phone is durable too .READ MORE,5.0
"I think this is the best and cost effective mobile phone in the market. It is simple, uncomplicated and can be handled easily by anybody.It's battery is fantastic. But sound quality should improve.But it is best for basic mobile phone users and if you are not bothered about style and what others will think about you,it is the best buy.READ MORE",5.0
"i just got it 2day wanna say thanks to flipkart delivered within 3 days .....gr8 phone makes u simply smart ,,,,most attraction is its super long battery life.....overall its a gr8 simple phone,,,,READ MORE",5.0
"Good phone.. Better choice for old people. Good battery life lasting for more than 4 days..Handy and less weight. easy to handle.. if you wish to gift your parents with mobile and they doesn't know/interested to operate smart phone, you can gift this mobileREAD MORE",4.0
good and excellent but if charger pin is min-USB port it will be good choice.if battery would be 1000mh then it will be ultimate phone with cheaper priceREAD MORE,5.0
Simple and friendly to use it. Worth for the money . Samsung Guru (color) = Nokia 1100 (B&W). It's so compact to use and fits our palm perfectly ; less weight-ageREAD MORE,5.0
"i just brought this cell for my mom as a gift and she loved it.she uses this for calling or sometime for messaging , and she is quite satisfied with it so i am happy.oh and the delivery of flipkart is awesome as always..!!READ MORE",4.0
"1st Thanks flipkart for faster delivery ..2nd the product from flipkart is original ..3rd Samsung guru is great economy phone for every person ..      battery life is great , build quality is great ,READ MORE",5.0
Nice product. Super fast delivery by flipkart....I compared between other brands and out of all this one is best in terms of features etc.READ MORE,5.0
It's a very good product for people who cannot or do not want to use smartphones. It is exceptionally sturdy and simple to use. Great value at this price.READ MORE,5.0
"pretty simple, easy to use. I advise to keep the profile in outdoor mode as the ringtone not always audiable if it is in pocket. some of my friends bought for rs1050 in market, but i have the convenience of door deliveryREAD MORE",5.0
"Best phone for Family, easy to use and thanks to Flipkart.it has good battery back up, ring and call sound quality is very clear.READ MORE",5.0
this phone is best for phone calls and sending sms.long battery life and compact in size.+ points*Ergnomic Keypad and Long lasting battery.*Call clarity is good compared to other basic mobiles and speakerphone.*Small compact and light weight just 65g(with battery)so fits easily in ur pocket.*Available in different colours( I got white color)*Made for rough use( I dropped it several times and till now no damage to mobile).*Fake call and mobile tracker.Cons:*Ringtones might have been b...READ MORE,4.0
"This is My 2nd Phone as I use my Touch Screen Phone for emails & other stuff, but if you are looking for best quality, rough Handling, strong battery life & Light weight phone this is the phone for you.Very nice phone with bright display & nice basic key padThank you Samsung for giving such a nice phone in very low price.READ MORE",4.0
The battery is awesome and stays on for more than a week (of course usage is less). Clear sound and easy to use.READ MORE,4.0
"This mobile is having very good look with very good keypad for typing, very light in weight. when compared to black and white colors indigo blue have somewhat good look.READ MORE",4.0
"I got this phone from Flipkart at Rs. 999. I bought this phone when I lost my smartphone. This phone doesn't have camera, email/browser, bluetooth, music player etc. Not even flash light. The only thing it which I liked about it is, this phone is focused on just to call, attend call, sms, phonebook and to give extra battery life. You charge it and it will promise you 3 days backup. Samsung didn't want this phone to be boring, so they gave FM option along with it. Looks wise, its boring wi...READ MORE",4.0
"Simply awesome, this phone has everything that is required for a basic need.Best for first time users and elderly person whos only need is to make and receive calls1. Very light2. Excellent battery life, 2.5 days with use3. good keypad4. descent display5. good speaker and microphone6. Reasonable priceREAD MORE",5.0
"The phone is very comfortable phone, since its compact and well tough, bigger memory for contacts and messages, not best but good network coverage (and its reasonable in rural areas).One of the biggest points is its battery, it lasts for at least 2 weeks in standby mode.I just don't have to worry about charging it in at least 2 days, regardless of how much I talk, it makes me happy.The phones software has good features such as calendar specifying holidays, notes, torch, message broadcastin...READ MORE",4.0
"This is jus a straight and simple phone just in case u have a second number and it's only for calls, this one solves the purpose very well... And nothing much to write about the product. Cos this is just a phone! Anyway the battery backup is awesome it lasts me for almost a week! And the in call voice clarity is jus normal.READ MORE",5.0
"Bought this because of bad hearing with nokia basic model, even for young/middle age people; nokia probably thinks we Indians have ultra capacity ears, or they don't want us to hear the voice at other end. Whats the purpose of using the phone?. Samsung guru 1200 is good in this regard and has good features at this price.READ MORE",5.0
I purchased this mobile to mother and see very much loved it. It looks good with blue background. Baterry backup is good for 2-3 days.Its a basic cell very easy to use for beginners.READ MORE,4.0
thumbs up....... good battery life.. easy 2 operate.... jst might b more good if display would have been little more big.... otherwise... a good choice.... :)READ MORE,4.0
"This is my 5th order of this phone on Flipkart. Everytime we get a great price and great delivery. We make it a point that the seller is WS Retail. This is a great product from Samsung - our employees who make deliveries use these phone. When a phone is lost, there is tracking on it and almost all times our employees lost the phone, we have gotten it back.READ MORE",5.0
Great product. Flipkart is awesome. Amazing speedy delivery. Phone is perfect for the regular phone calling purpose which is what I needed it for.READ MORE,5.0
"Does what it should do.Amazing battery life, excellent call quality and very high build quality.I drop it almost twice every week. but works fine and well.READ MORE",5.0
I was looking for basic phone with good battery life and good call quality. This phone exceeds both the expectation. I am happy with this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good Phone for Senior People... easy and nice phone.... keep buying....Good Phone for Senior People... easy and nice phone.... keep buying....Good Phone for Senior People... easy and nice phone.... keep buying....READ MORE,5.0
I have bought two Samsung Guru mobiles. Flipkart was excellent with there delivery. Thanks.Its a good mobile with this price tag. Good for those who would only call/receive calls.READ MORE,4.0
"Good phone at amazing price. Using some features are little tricky, but overall it is a good phone for this price.READ MORE",5.0
this is a very nice budget friendly phone with good battery performance... charge it once and forget charging 2-3 days... for normal use..... and 6-7 days standby time.... those of u thinking of a budget friendly batteryphone must  go for this one..READ MORE,5.0
"I bought this for my granny, Its coolm easy to use, easy to handleIts gets your job done ! Nice, Tough and Easy to use.READ MORE",4.0
Happy to receive any of the ordered items on time.Good track of shipment impressed a lot. Good to use this product and encouraging others to buy from here only to get genuine products.READ MORE,5.0
Hi..i got this samsung guru 1200 for my dad through flipkart delivered in 24 hours.. its a basic mobile small n very light good for elderly people with good battery life n easy to use....READ MORE,5.0
"Regarding Delivery from FK: It was prompt. No issues faced. Regarding Product:Though Samsung has been pioneer on smart phones, it also has not left behind on the features in such kind of smaller versions of phones. The shortcuts and tricks on dealing while operating this phone has been designed very thoughtfully. For ex: Just by pressing a digit, the message can be deleted. Moreover, the torch, the battery life, light weight, etc. are few of the interesting features. Users with earlier ...READ MORE",5.0
"dont expect too much. it does what it is meant for. good voice clarity,  robust body, long battery life. does not heat up after long talk.go for it. its best low budget phone.READ MORE",4.0
"Price of Product much lower than market price.Thanks to Flipkart for making things easier, cheaper and reliable to buy.Excellent Phone for this price range.Does basic Stuff very well.Easy to use.Comes very handy.Display quality seems fair enough(You can't expect too much at such low price)READ MORE",5.0
I have used this for couple of weeks now good battery back up and speakers are also good very nice blue colour look and very good price i would recomend of all you to buy this one if you want a phone just for normal use. It will not disappoint youREAD MORE,5.0
"good battery life, nice clarity and amazing value for money, easily the best basic phone at this price.flipkart gave me the best deal of all the online stores and the delivery was on time as always.READ MORE",5.0
"good product with reasonable price and with trusted seller,Trusted e-commerce company,Trusted samsung manufacterer. samsung basics mobiles are very good i liked this product.i bought this mobile at very low price compare to all other e-commerce sites and also other stores.product is 95% similar to the product have shown on the website.READ MORE",5.0
it was very good and appreciated till today i have purchased many products from flipkart.com and get positive as i thought. but you should also include emi option without credit card this is my wish.READ MORE,5.0
IÂ´ve just received my order in my house. Perfect packing. Perfect delivery.Faster than I expected. A great and successful purchase. The product is great. Works very well and highly recommended by my family as a whole.Go Ahead...READ MORE,5.0
"I bought this for my mother. Its simple and easy to use. Just like my mom wanted. Battery good, call volume decent and unlike nokia voice is pretty clear from other side.READ MORE",4.0
Such a Nice Mobile & Such a very good services of the flipkart. i am so happy after taking this 2nd product from flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"If you are looking for a mobile phone ,  only for messaging and talking , GO FOR IT. 1) Its a good backup phone. 2) Light weight 3)Good battery life .4)Comfortable keypad5)Ideal for rough useKeep this phone with your smart phone....perfect for isolating smart works and not so smart daily basis ordinary works .............READ MORE",5.0
"i just bought this phone bcuz itz diff to carry ma 5 inch mob along with me all the time....and for that itz a great choice,,,,light weight and signal capturing ability is sooo gud ....battery backup is also ok......WS retail proves  once again as the best online selling store.......flipkart's delivery is fast and the packing is okey.....READ MORE",5.0
As usual got delivery in a day . Keep up the good work flipkart team...Its a value for money handset. All basic feature (except FM Radio) is available. Very small a sleek design. Good Mike and Inbuilt headphone quality. Improvement needed in ringtone volume.Excellent buy if you are looking for entry level basic handset that too at very attractive price.READ MORE,4.0
"VERY AWESOME PHONE BY SAMSUNG, I GIFTED THIS PHONE TO MY GRAND MAA FROM MY FIRST SALARY. SHE ALSO EASLIY OPERATES THE PHONE.READ MORE",5.0
This mobile is very basic one and these are the 5 reasons why i prefer this mobile1)Those who are 1st time users of mobile (or) who don't need very high end mobiles2)Already having  touch mobile but for fast chatting purpose.3)Who are losing their mobiles you can can secure using advanced mobile tracker and who always mishandle 4)Torch light And long battery life5)Best mobile at best priceIn addition to these 1 year extra coverage with Etechies SmartPhone 1 Year Extended Basic Protect...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone..But only few options Give a 600 more and buy guru music will be good for middle ageBrought the phone for grandma satisfied her :-)READ MORE,4.0
"The mobile is providing the extensive features like Good voice clarity ,more over it also supports memory card (which is extensible upto 4 GB ).The Fm option is also so good.READ MORE",4.0
"I order 2 Samsung Guru 1200 19.12.13 and i get it 21.12.13. flipkart suscessfully deleverded it..1) very good looking colour phon.2) it has a torch also..3)it also have a good game.4) Ring Assending..5)keypad very soomth6)The sound is also loude..7)Loudspeaker.Over all it's a very good phon, Thns flipkart.But in the box I just get Handset,Charger, usermanuel and Garenty card (there was no Hedset, I min Headphone in both box).. I think Samsung should Give a Headphone a also a  good Sc...READ MORE",5.0
One of the good basic mobile. cute mobile to call & message with two lines.Good to use in common place like Office & representativesREAD MORE,4.0
"This cell phone is the cheapest branded phone in India and is the best for a first time user, particularly students and all those who want to have the cheapest phone.READ MORE",5.0
"This is a very stylish looking model  due to its color, Very cute in White, comes with Normal Sim card, not the mini Sim as said in specifications. Also it has Torch light which I found very useful at times. Very Good BUY AT its price.Nice gift for parents and grand parents who cannot make it with the smart phones.READ MORE",5.0
"this Samsung phone is Very Good for those who want to use for calling purpose only.its Sound CLARITY is very good comparing to other phones at this price...So, If you have low budget, I would refer you to buy this avoiding other phones with multifacility.READ MORE",5.0
This mobile is super cool for this price range. The screen is a little bit smaller. The battery life is amazing. It has a nice LED torch also. Best for a lowest budget phone.READ MORE,5.0
"i bought this white color phone to my mom. ring tone is not much in outdoor areas.a great thing is outstanding battery backup. one time full charging sustains for 8 to 9 days, i never expected such things. text messages, the texts are very small to read, specially letter small case ""k"", looks different than normal k. when i bought it i was 999INR. later when i tried to buy this again, price was increased to 1050INR for the same white color. then bought a blue color for the same price.READ MORE",5.0
"A good light weight mobile, Very good for beginners and  for users who only need use it for making and receiving calls. Frankly, this is a very good mobile for low income group people and/or senior citizens like me for whom mobile is useful for remaining in contact with family and friends through calls.READ MORE",4.0
Hi..i got this samsung guru 1200 for my dad through flipkart delivered in 24 hours.. its a basic mobile small n very light good for elderly people with good battery life n easy to use....READ MORE,5.0
Basic....no yankee...pankee....sound quality is not that great though. Liked the size....very portable unlike big Tabs......Good for those who keep it separate....phone...Music...computer.....camara...Too many features may be too bad...so that way good as a phone.......if you want a phone......onlyREAD MORE,3.0
you get what you pay for! very good battery backup with best affordable price.I bought a blue colour mobile which is really good looking...READ MORE,4.0
"This is great phone at price it was offered battery life is very good. Its worth for money, sound quality is good. best for basic functionREAD MORE",5.0
"First of all.... FlipKart  is Amazing... they delivered this phone to me within 48 hours in spite of Diwali..I've just recently  bought it and i love it..Major Advantages of this Phone :1. Small and Handy.2. Convenient and easy to use.3. Very Durable4. Looks are niceDisadvantages:1. There's no multimedia in this phone.(But what more do you expect from a 1K phone)2. There's only 1 game.(there should have been at least 2 :P )3. No Internet connectivity.(Again, what do you expect from ...READ MORE",4.0
i like this phone. this is very simple but useful device.i like fake call feature.there is no mp3 ring tone in this phone but i don't mind it and i don't need it. i like calendar feature who show you all festival this pretty good feature i must say.READ MORE,5.0
i bought it from flipkart at best prize and i found best product among basics phone and i also like service and delivery so i might be purchase again so don't worry about itREAD MORE,5.0
"This is phone is giving a good service, except that its ringtone are not good and another thing that I have seen is that it is loosing network and again searching automatically and getting it back. This is happening very often, not sure whether this is my set's problem or a general problem, otherwise is is a good product in this price bracket.5 star for flipkart as always. :)READ MORE",4.0
The price and quality of the product are at best in the market. Im satisfied by this product as the battery is at best giving nearly 05-08 days of backup. it is a ideal phone for standby and talkathlons.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Product Very Simple Product No More Function Good Product Very Fast Delivery Flipkart Is The Best Selling Online Well Done .....Battery Backup Also Good Long Time Battery LifeREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi everyone,I gifted this product to my mom, and she is extremely happy with it because she don't like using the complicated mobiles available in the market. Best phone for elderly and to have it as a secondary phone available in the market. Would advise though to go for the Samsung E1207T ( Rs 1340/- ) as it has an option of connecting earphones which this phone doesn't have in case if anyone prefers to have an earphone jack.Thank You :)READ MORE",5.0
Phone is good with great call quality and battery backup. A good option to consider for if you want good basic phone with solid built quality and reliability. Samsung gone a way long and previous market leader Nokia fall a lot behind.READ MORE,5.0
"Just got the delivery this morning. Using this for the whole day battery seems to be really good. The blue variant looks beautiful.  Speaker is loud , good call clarity, powerful led torchlight, comes with mobile tracker not sure if its work even the description in the manual is not at all helpfull to me . except this very nice phone. In the flipkart description it is given as to use mini sim but in reality it uses standard sim card.Go for it nice phone at this priceREAD MORE",5.0
Yes I know that it is the cheapest mobile but rich in its functionality. I mean Battery duration and the clarity in call is really amazing one .I bought for my mom who has not studied anything yet she is able  to handle it well.Good torch and good incoming call soundI loved it because of its simplicity and it is only for calling and receiving callBeautifully designedREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought this phone for my dad, who wanted a basic phone with good battery life and easy to use. This phone fit the bill perfectly.Battery life is good. Display is great (as Samsung is good in that). Phone has a nice grip at the back, won't slip of your hand easily.READ MORE",5.0
"Excellently working phone for those who wan't a budget branded phone.First of all i'm really happy that i got the cell a day before the day expected.Thanks to WS Retail and flipkart's service.Talking about the phone,It has the basics utilities like alarm,memo,calculator,converter etc... working excellent.Nice color quality in this price along with the brand name SAMSUNG on it.Loudspeaker- GreatCharging- Quick and remains charged for longNo features like Music Player,Camera,Video suppo...READ MORE",4.0
"Good phone for rough use... Good branded phone @ this price...Pros:1) It has an above average call quality.2) It has a bright torchlight.3) Best 4 rough use.4) Keypad is excellent.5)It has a very low SAR value of 0.8Cons:1) Small Screen.2) Only one Game 2 play.3) As it has only one front speaker,and if it is closed you wont be able 2 hear even the loudest sound made by the phone...Afterall u get what u pay 4 ...1READ MORE",5.0
"I bought this phone a year ago and wanted to test it before writing any comments.Truly the best phone and value for money. Bought this for my Mom who is not a tech savy. It simply a no Non-Sense phone. All the features are amazing and the phone is handy and very easy to navigate. The voice clarity is just amazing and so does the speaker phone. All that was needed was basic features, but got even more with the brand value that the world trusts.READ MORE",5.0
"I got this phone as free gift when I bought samsung galaxy ace from Lulu hypermarket Qatar. now my mom using it. very nice , very small & less weight.Features that I love in this phone:Keypad light timing (You can set it for a specific time)App lock . lock inbox , call registry etc.Good battery backup. (6-7 days)prayer times.It is better than nokia for rs.990, but there is no LED torch in this model.also text messaging is a bit uncomfortable and slow.READ MORE",5.0
You cannot expect much on the features side.But this phone has great looks and seems pretty good so far.The screen is bit small but looks nice.Voice clarity is good and the weight is very light.Extremely good phone to keep as a spare incase one already has a higher end.Flipkart undoubtedly has the best service when it comes to delivery and quality.READ MORE,5.0
"great and cheaper product from samsung,good battery backup,voice clearity is well and attractive look .light in weight .i like the product very much pls buy this without any thinking nice product i purchased this mobile on oct 2012 but working till now very wellREAD MORE",4.0
One of the cheapest phones available with most features except recording and music.Has a good battery life and is smooth plastic finish gives a good look.However there is no headset provided and if it  falls down then the entire stuff comes out.If you are short on budget i would ask you to go for it if not go for  a higher version. Happy Shopping :DREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone.this phone is very nice. specially its battery backup.it can be very useful in rural areas where power supply is not good enough and have a power cut of 2-3 days.Nice phone.this phone is very nice. specially its battery backup.it can be very useful in rural areas where power supply is not good enough and have a power cut of 2-3 days.READ MORE,4.0
"This is a very good basic handset with a good battery backup. This can be a very good light weight alternate phone for just the basic requirements such as talking & texting. I have an apple iphone and was looking out for a temporary alternative as a backup and this fit the bill perfectly.I miss the FM radio, though it has a torch which comes in handy at times. Perfectly satisfies my requirement.READ MORE",4.0
Faddd mobile! Amazing battery life. I charge only twice a week. ringtones are bore n monotonous difficult to copy contacts but good performance overall. I dont talk much on phone like i receive or call around 30 calls daily for short spans of 5-7 mins n it runs fine for me. I do recommend u this phone. Its price in flipkart is the cheapest i compared it locally n other sites as well.READ MORE,5.0
"It's a very lightweight, sleek & handy phone with very long battery backup. Good option for a backup phone.Also the brand value of Samsung is there in case of any issue, which one can hardly have with this phone.READ MORE",5.0
The look and feel of the phone was really good. And also it has enough features that a basic Mobile has. Perfect price with excellent features.I personally recommend this product to Basic Mobile phone users like Oldies and event the Keypad is really good for typing messages in a easy manner.I love this product!!!READ MORE,5.0
"This phone will hardly make you sit up and take notice, but it does work!! It has got just the basic functionalities a mobile set should have. Good battery backup and clear voice signals, sufficient text message & contact storage and nothing more...what else do you expect at such a price..but who's complaining!!READ MORE",4.0
"In the era of smartphones, Samsung Guru 1200 proves that the virtue of a basic functionality mobile phone is never going to diminish. Only with the call & messaging features and countable utilities like alarm, calculator and torch light, this phone outlaws the other phone of its kind by its stylish design and Indigo Blue colour.When I opened the packaging, the first look of it gave me a feeling that- ""wow! such a great phone in Rs 999."" it further satisfied me with the quality of voice and ...READ MORE",5.0
"Quick delivery, Quality packing, Well informed & easy to track shipment, competitive price - Good experience of shopping with flipkart.-> Product : good battery, talk-time/stand-by time, slim & light weight, all minimal features except FM. Recommended buy as it has required basic features.READ MORE",4.0
"First of all, I would like to salute Flipkart for the terrific service. I got dis phn delivered within 24 hours of placing the order.The battery backup of the phn is superb, everything else is good too for a phn which costs less than 1ks.The only thing missing is a FM radio and thats why I can't rate it with 5 stars.READ MORE",4.0
"Well, first of all, let me comment on Flipkart. Great work guys. I ordered this phone on Saturday night and got it on Monday before lunch. Wow! That was fast.. Thanks.. :)And coming to this mobile, I bought this for my mom and she is pretty happy with the phone. It has all the basic features, including torch light, its light weight, easy to use and has color display, 500+ contacts, great battery life, all for just 999/-. The only complaint I receive from my mom is that she cannot hear the v...READ MORE",5.0
good service from flipkart. the battery backup is excellent with basic function for this phone.  best for those who wants mobile phone only for call and sms. i got the delivery from flipkart in 2 days only.READ MORE,5.0
this is really good product in low end branded phones...i did some research and came to know that this is best in this price range....this is suitable for the old age people or people who don't know how to operate mobile...READ MORE,4.0
"the color is good iam using since from 2 months the battery backup is awesome around 8 to 10 days standby or more than that , very good phone for a worth price this phone is resist to rough handling. 100% worth must buy product phone by every samsung phone brand lovers.READ MORE",4.0
Hi friends i ordered this phone for my anuty in kolkata from hyderabad on 10th jan and flipkart Delivered on 12th jan i really want to thanks the best place for shopping online which gives us best price and fast Deliver...........READ MORE,5.0
"Battery life is amazing lasts 4-5 days. I set the light at lowest .When my note dies which it does twice a day , this phone rings up . I can make most important calls with no fuss. Inspite of using platronics bluetooth with all noise cancelling audio quality here is loud and clear . Phone rings and vibrates strong enough to let you know .Problem is you cant have this as primary phone and the status and business need to have an iphone and note makes it necessary to keep them but these phones...READ MORE",5.0
A good product from samsung which primarily caters to the need of those who like a phone just only to talk. Has a good battery back up and light weight. Every smart phone user's choice for an alternate when the battery of his/her smartphone drains away. Excellent service from flipkart !!!READ MORE,5.0
"I needed a phone to carry the secondary number. I wanted it to be small and light. Samsung Guru it seems was the right choice. It is very light and for my usage, the battery ones charged runs for 2 weeks. The voice quality is also very good and speaker phone works really well.READ MORE",5.0
"This ought to be best entry level mobile, with a very good battery life. My mother uses this phone, and she is very happy with this phone. It doesn't have any advanced features, but this is perfect if you want to use a mobile just for calls. This rocks because you can charge your mobile 3-4 days once..READ MORE",5.0
"I bought this phone for my Mom. This is a basic yet wonderful instrument for the elderly. The torch comes in handy for my Mom whenever required. The keypad is big which is a plus for elderly and it looks trendy as well. Initially I was looking for nokia, but it gives a black and white phone for extra bucks :)Samsung Nice buy :)READ MORE",5.0
"awesome buy .... battery life is awesome(4 to 5 days )  ..nd the phone is very sturdy ..i have dropped this over 1000 times and there is nt even a scratch on it...on of the best entry level phones ,... comes with wonderful options such as call reject and message reject which is not  present even in many advanced phones... go for this  ...READ MORE",5.0
"I bought Samsung mobile through flipkart, I am happy to say that, they delivered with in 3 days and also important thing is my favorite color and low price compare to showroom price. While I was looking white color mobile in showroom, that was not available, But when I was choosing flipkart, I got all Models and favorite colors too. I am heartly saying thanks to Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"very good mobile. easy to use and handle. compact. light weight, user friendly. another good product from samsung. the price is also very less compared to the basic model of other brand mobiles. would suggest this one, for those who is looking for a basic model oneREAD MORE",4.0
"Good entry level phone specially for those who just need to be touch with dear ones by talking and sending messages. Simply a basic mobile hanset, torch is also very useful for elderly people.No pile of extra apps.Nicely priced. Reminders is not present, which was essential for elederly. It is also a good utility to be gifted.READ MORE",5.0
very good product...bettery is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile phone.READ MORE,4.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
super delivery nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Quality good. value of money.READ MORE,5.0
"Best as basic phone. On a moderate use, I am using it from last 7 days without charging it. Great to buy this if you only want to dial and receives calls with long battery backup.READ MORE",5.0
goood phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile my Father is HappyREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is amazing for students as it is only for calling and it wont distract them from any of the  social media. Still better than iPhone x. Thanks Flipkart for the fast delivery.READ MORE,5.0
this is the best product by SAMSUNG.READ MORE,4.0
nice mobile..and Delivery time to timeREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone and beautiful colour..READ MORE,4.0
it's too good for  ruff and tuff use....light and handyyy..READ MORE,4.0
awesome productsREAD MORE,5.0
best for feature phone in less moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good by battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
very good at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
good sound quality and battery backup compare to nokiaREAD MORE,5.0
fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Good PhoneðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
"I needed a phone that would not die on me, I needed a super simple phone which would not need charging every day or every second day and viola, looks like I bought the best phone in this regards. My first phone is a 5s which hogs all the tech savy tasks, but the number I use to put on adverts, business associations is the Guru, it has been 17days since I bought and first full charged the phone and 1 point decreased from the battery. I have not made or received many call on the phone but this ...READ MORE",5.0
"I needed a phone that would not die on me, I needed a super simple phone which would not need charging every day or every second day and viola, looks like I bought the best phone in this regards. My first phone is a 5s which hogs all the tech savy tasks, but the number I use to put on adverts, business associations is the Guru, it has been 17days since I bought and first full charged the phone and 1 point decreased from the battery. I have not made or received many call on the phone but this ...READ MORE",5.0
good mobile in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup is fantastic.. totally nice phone for taking more timeREAD MORE,5.0
Basic mobile superREAD MORE,5.0
very nice very happyREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
this phone is very good ndREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phone end performance is are awesome.golden colour is looking so pretty.Samsung is hand you're believed you're a safe & Smart.buyer.READ MORE,5.0
"Good battery backup,light weight and good voice clarity .If you are going for a basic phone model....this phone suits ur need :)READ MORE",5.0
Nice Mobile And 2 Day Continue Call To Call Atent Nice Battery BackupREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very good camera. portrait mode is awesome ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
"Awosome product and good quality  , I like it .READ MORE",5.0
excellent product at this price.READ MORE,5.0
very good and tough product for rough use. working smoothly.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice one,....... Everything was perfectREAD MORE",5.0
GOOD PHONEREAD MORE,4.0
"good product,READ MORE",5.0
Working goodREAD MORE,5.0
"This phone has it all for those who just need an entry level phone; featherweight, great battery life, voice quality is fine and a decent albeit smallish display. There are also multiple alarms, memos and some basic apps like calculator/converter. But one thing lacking is pleasant, clear or even loud ringtones. My old Nokia 1100 in contrast had several bollywood ringtones which were loud and highly audible. Moreover, this phone to my knowledge is incompatible with third party ringtones so you...READ MORE",4.0
Its good product. I loved it only one problem is we cont use normal headphone for this we have to purchase saparate and good audio quality if company provide normal headphone using opction it will be the get 5 rating other then no issue for purchase this..â¤READ MORE,4.0
A small & light weight basic phone for calling & receiving.. .READ MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
This is a good phon for only collREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PHONEREAD MORE,4.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
not dual simREAD MORE,1.0
It is an affordable Phone but voice quality isn't good at all. Ringtones doesn't have high volume. Needs improvement.READ MORE,2.0
Phone is very best .READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone.but price is little bit higher than other keypad phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mic is not properly workingREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of money and valuable timeREAD MORE,1.0
below average phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Best in priceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice. I am happy with this product.READ MORE,5.0
I am fan of flipkart they give excellent speed of deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Good workingREAD MORE,5.0
"Got it delivered today . NO FM, no Good RingtonesMost importantly Earpiece sound is not very clear, very cheap speakers used in earpiece, irritated me not for long talks. Furthermore, i even called customer care IVR to test voice quality. It feel cheap and unclear at full volume.It doesnÂ´t have problem of sound leakage like NOKIA 101, couldnÂ´t tell more about backup, hope it will be up to the mark.This phone performs itÂ´s basic function with an avg. , 3.5 stars for the product. 3 star...READ MORE",3.0
"Got it delivered today . NO FM, no Good RingtonesMost importantly Earpiece sound is not very clear, very cheap speakers used in earpiece, irritated me not for long talks. Furthermore, i even called customer care IVR to test voice quality. It feel cheap and unclear at full volume.It doesnÂ´t have problem of sound leakage like NOKIA 101, couldnÂ´t tell more about backup, hope it will be up to the mark.This phone performs itÂ´s basic function with an avg. , 3.5 stars for the product. 3 star...READ MORE",3.0
"M using this phone for last 2 months.My kind request,don't purchase it..speaker is worst,earphone not provided,and if u go for a duplicate ear phone it's not supported..Not suitable for talking purpose..READ MORE",1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome performance as a basic budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,2.0
my mobile display getting blank this month 16th only purchased yesterday got this problemREAD MORE,5.0
Best Single Sim mobile phone ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
excellent mobile.READ MORE,5.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone ðŸ“žðŸ“žðŸ“ž super batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Nice superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone. The Phone Will Be More Better If It will have FM Radio.READ MORE,5.0
nice phone best performance good beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
Basic single sim phoneNo cameraNo Memory card slotNo BluetoothNo FMNo Earphone jack. Extremely Basic. Good battery backup.READ MORE,4.0
exilent service .....and gd phone if you want more life and backup ....so smsng1200 is best optionREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung mobiREAD MORE,1.0
awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
Battery life is good if you want to use as secand phoneREAD MORE,4.0
very good mobile ..good service...fast delivery....thanks FKREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good battery life...READ MORE,4.0
Very best product in less amount ..vaishREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It's work very well....though i have 2 android but i bought this for calling only.....READ MORE,5.0
Super brandREAD MORE,5.0
great phone. Sound quality is awesome. value for money. must buy for basic calling and SMSREAD MORE,5.0
This product is delivered Tim To Time didn't reach so plz improve speed up delivery 3 days come at my office value of money this product Thank u flipkardREAD MORE,4.0
Phone very nice and quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product velue for money thanks to flip kartREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent mobile phone...... value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
life line phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice..READ MORE,5.0
Worth for money sooo cute I like very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
This item singal sim but price is highREAD MORE,5.0
Its small and cutest mobile phone. Performance is BEST. Just loved it. Go 4 it.READ MORE,5.0
Working fine...READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
But the price was too high in flip kartREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
It's super mobile charging everything is ok Value for money 1150 i gotPlz check charging port while buying this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Really Nice in less price, Battery Backup is also Good,READ MORE",5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
"Your agent was not ready to accept any mode of digital payment, he was saying only cash is accepted.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super must buy.....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
after return period over it automatically getting switched off.READ MORE,1.0
worst very first day its hitting up very badly can't even touch it....I'm scared if it would blast .....please returnREAD MORE,1.0
nice photoREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Good for old people who have problems using smartphones. You can definitely go for this. Value for money. Speaker is good, you can hear calls clearly, keypad is also of good quality. Overall it's a good phone, your money will not be wasted.READ MORE",5.0
Superb mobileREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
"nice, best performanceREAD MORE",5.0
Quite handy... and I like the colour of the phone  ...specially the flash light colour is also in blue shade..READ MORE,4.0
Quite handy... and I like the colour of the phone  ...specially the flash light colour is also in blue shade..READ MORE,4.0
Display is not good enough for elderly peopleREAD MORE,3.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
nice workREAD MORE,5.0
thanks flipkart for the best service.READ MORE,5.0
"As per budget mobile is too good , seriously this type mobile is too good to use for longREAD MORE",5.0
Good lREAD MORE,5.0
Better oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice products only call.READ MORE,4.0
Very good mobile for home use very good backup and excellent networkREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
not working Mobil very bad  samsong guru 1200READ MORE,5.0
ok productREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
nice  productREAD MORE,5.0
there is no camera. I got wrong check in re iew. so sorry.. product is fine..Samsung best quality.. 1week charge capacity .this is a big one.. I have 3 of this model in my home. excellent Samsung.READ MORE,5.0
Super mobile batury back up too goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good quality, battery works longer, very useful product if you don't want camera and earphones or musicREAD MORE",4.0
good for them who value it more than android.READ MORE,4.0
Awsm great amazn....thank you to Flipcart ownerREAD MORE,5.0
I things good fon for calling! Thank you FlipKart for quick Delivery .READ MORE,4.0
Btry backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very good simple phoneREAD MORE,5.0
not so good because it's a old Samsung model which supports only Samsung chargerREAD MORE,1.0
It just Admirable ....I love it ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜and Too gud than in that ImageREAD MORE,5.0
Easy to handleREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Very useful phoneREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice offerREAD MORE,4.0
I feel good product and delivery also short and perfect timeREAD MORE,5.0
As u all know if it fall the ground break not the mobile screen LOL.... BUT nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Best basic phone for rough use.Long lasting battery, very small and convenient to carry.No issues since a year.Perfectly working!!!!READ MORE",4.0
Phone is good. But Price is more high than market.READ MORE,2.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Product arrived 1 day late ,so i hv to change my schedule ,as i had plans to go somewhere. No prob with phone,exactly as described with very gud packingREAD MORE",4.0
TksREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I ordered this phone for my mom it is working fine and battery backup is fantastic.READ MORE,5.0
Good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is good And it's battery backup more than 5 days and slim design with light weightREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone...with good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
nowdays most of them switched to the smartphones. smartphone battery won't last for more than 8 hours. at that time this little one very useful. best secondary phone in the market..READ MORE,5.0
"After using android for 3 yers, I switched back to this for some time.. Thought..!! how would i type.. but seriously, the keypads are good, (large, and soft). Battery backup, superb.. 3 days straight with fair usage. Also the phone book, security facilities are nice compared to other, especially the privacy lock of samsung, in such a cheap rated phone.The only problematic thing is alarm.. 1 tone, no customization and not loud. sad about it.READ MORE",5.0
Battery back up is very lowREAD MORE,1.0
"I got this phone 2 weeks back as a backup.Pros:1. Long lasting battery. I charged mine 2 weeks back and its still running with the battery having all bars. I have talked  about 15 min on this phone to test it out.2. Looks flimsy, but it seems to be durable, after being dropped multiple times by my son.Neutral:1. No Cameras, not even VGA. Some folks might want it for the exact same reason.Cons:1. Every time my son dropped the phone, the back panel and the battery got separated from t...READ MORE",4.0
The phone is preety . It is hardy and is radiation certified . It is appropiate for students below class 10READ MORE,5.0
nice camera 20 MpREAD MORE,1.0
nice phone no cameraREAD MORE,5.0
"Battery life is good, but it has very limited features: FM missingMemory Card slot missingWhen heard from the recipient, the audio is not so clear. .READ MORE",2.0
i have purchased this phone for my sister . as she do not need multimedia phone phone has a good colour looks good and feminine 1. call quality good2. battery backup good3.looks goodbut........it will surprise you that even this mobile phone also hangs sometimes i don't know what samsung is upto....READ MORE,2.0
So nice batrry log timeREAD MORE,5.0
I got fade up with the performance of the phone. within one month the phone is started giving Problem in phone microphone and speaker. now its uncommon charging pin is not working. So its totaly dead... useless. why not samsung is making the common usb charger for all phone?READ MORE,1.0
"Simple Elegant and decent with long life battery for 5 days, FM radio with earphone Dual Sim, Torchlight. No BluetoothREAD MORE",5.0
"I had ordered this phone because I needed a handset with good battery life. And indeed this phone has lived upto my expectations.  Will run between 3 - 5 days without charging depending upon the usage. The look and feel of the phone is sturdy value for money. I have dropped it several time, but no scratch on the body. The only major issue I think is that earpiece has very less volume. So you have to keep it at high volume to listen clearly or use the speaker phone. Also, the pack doesn't come...READ MORE",1.0
"I had ordered this phone because I needed a handset with good battery life. And indeed this phone has lived upto my expectations.  Will run between 3 - 5 days without charging depending upon the usage. The look and feel of the phone is sturdy value for money. I have dropped it several time, but no scratch on the body. The only major issue I think is that earpiece has very less volume. So you have to keep it at high volume to listen clearly or use the speaker phone. Also, the pack doesn't come...READ MORE",1.0
"If you are up for basic use, you shouldn't even think before buying this product. I bought it and it has been working for more than 2 years without any hiccups :) As there are no apps which means extended battery and good for basic necessities -> call, message, speed-dial, torch, alarm, reminder, calendar, calculator, etc..READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"no-1 phone jamon battery ,camera ,tamon display Ami 1000% happyREAD MORE",5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this as my secondary phone as my primary one's battery dies out quickly,Small and handyBattery stays for 3-4 daysComments after 20 days: So I have used it for 20 days now as a secondary phone..it was good as I mentioned aboveToday I changed the sim to Jio one(which I was using in another phone), The phone got switched on but couldn't find the network, I tried 4-5 timesI am not able to set the time as whenever I navigate to time setting phone is getting switched off..I dont know...READ MORE",3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ProductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
WorthREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is good quality compare with redmi Note 5 pro.Battery capacity nearly 30days Resolutions 1080*2320Awesome phone Samsung guru 1200worth priceREAD MORE,5.0
Within 10 days Sim slot problem and beep sound is comingREAD MORE,1.0
"cheap phone, voice clarity is worst of the worst and most of the times u cant understand what the other person is speaking(i mean voice will be very blurr)..very cheap quality phoneREAD MORE",1.0
"Who ever buys this phone will buy for a simple reason - Calling. I am okay as long as it supports uninterrupted calling. But unfortunately, this phone creates many issues related to calling. Calls drop so frequently and voice quality is bad. I have been using the same sim in another phone for more than an year and is not a sim issue. Why would anyone buy anything if it does not support the basic reason for the product's existence?READ MORE",1.0
Nice Camera and Battery BackupREAD MORE,5.0
It allows old type of sim slotREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
The quality of the product is good and light weightREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Batteries paroplamREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Missing headphonesREAD MORE,1.0
Thanks for flipkart Very fast delivery and best delivery manREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product... Tnx flipkart tnx Samsung... ðŸ˜˜ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
It doesn't catch proper signals... very disappointed in this said branded phone SamsungREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Faster delivery than the estimated dateREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Missing headphonesREAD MORE,1.0
Thanks for flipkart Very fast delivery and best delivery manREAD MORE,5.0
My mother is using the phone and she is loving it.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome mobile, battery backup is goodREAD MORE",5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I bought before 15 days. And Keypad is not working.READ MORE,1.0
Battery life 8h only for mobileREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
It's price too highREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product and long lastingREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
Go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good charger cable incredableREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product. I just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile...READ MORE,4.0
Value of manyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GooodREAD MORE,4.0
Manufacture date is newREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
it is a nice product but there is no cemara and FM speaker sound is bit lowerREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Battery drains fastlyREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice Phone ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
Good foneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery life 8h only for mobileREAD MORE,1.0
This product is nice but there is problem samsung mobile.its speaker quality low.calling voice cracking I'm so upset on the product.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Display crackersREAD MORE,1.0
It's price too highREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and long lastingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile ðŸ“²ðŸ“±READ MORE,4.0
Really goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone is good, performance is good, price is goodREAD MORE",5.0
SprREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality product provided by Flipkart ....READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Thx flipREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GooodREAD MORE,4.0
Manufacture date is newREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
it is a nice product but there is no cemara and FM speaker sound is bit lowerREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Battery drains fastlyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product with bright display and good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Ever greenREAD MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,3.0
Very â¤ niceExcellent serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Really very good.... Amazing mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung mobiles best productREAD MORE,5.0
"Good mobile, nice mobileREAD MORE",5.0
Very good mobile ðŸ“²ðŸ“±READ MORE,4.0
Really goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone is good, performance is good, price is goodREAD MORE",5.0
SprREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality product provided by Flipkart ....READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Thx flipREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Vry nce phone nd fast delivery thanks flipkart nd delivery boy Zeeshan.....READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile for usingREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best battery backupMic is superbLong lastingREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice. ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile i have purchased only 1250 with pay later optionREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product with bright display and good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Ever greenREAD MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,3.0
Very â¤ niceExcellent serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Really very good.... Amazing mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good product no cameraREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for old persons who is unable to operate smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
Quality is lowREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good battery backup.. Worth buying. If you are in a plan to buy basic phone for price arround 1000..I suggest, this is the best phone in the market to go for.READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone's microphone stopped working after 3 days of usages, got to get it changed.READ MORE",2.0
Best for senior citizens or for extra phnREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Best way to go to old daysREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Head phone are not in box and also expansive in shopREAD MORE,2.0
Product is good but delivery is very slowREAD MORE,5.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super product ðŸ™‚low price good quality âœŒðŸ»READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad phone battery power is very low and display is very bad and value of money is very low.READ MORE,2.0
Good and easy to use for everyone.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very very thanks flipkart ....READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone thanku flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good battery backup.. Worth buying. If you are in a plan to buy basic phone for price arround 1000..I suggest, this is the best phone in the market to go for.READ MORE",5.0
Obviously good...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ðŸ‘product.READ MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
I love my PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery superb & catch network very first....READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product plZ Buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Old mobileREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's overall good slow but should say for emergency you can definitely go for thisREAD MORE,3.0
SuperbI am satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
That was niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is really great for the price ! Full worthy product. Blindly you can go for this device if you want a feature phone around ~1400 INR.READ MORE,5.0
Good product buying this itemREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality from the Samsung thank UREAD MORE,4.0
"Appreciate it, you can talk comfortably for 7 days on charging 1 time____Thank you Flipkartâ¤ï¸âœŒï¸READ MORE",2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
No complaints...product received as it was mentioned.. no damage or issues even after 6months from buyingREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not badðŸ˜ðŸ˜phone is smallREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is Network not availableREAD MORE,2.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Worth moneyREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,1.0
Good products Loo priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Super workingREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
It's truely truely great..READ MORE,5.0
Thankyou FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is really great for the price ! Full worthy product. Blindly you can go for this device if you want a feature phone around ~1400 INR.READ MORE,5.0
Good product buying this itemREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality from the Samsung thank UREAD MORE,4.0
"Appreciate it, you can talk comfortably for 7 days on charging 1 time____Thank you Flipkartâ¤ï¸âœŒï¸READ MORE",2.0
Good projectREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good keypad mobile..READ MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
great phone. gifted to dad and dad is happy ðŸ¤—READ MORE,5.0
Nice piceREAD MORE,5.0
Good but not bestREAD MORE,3.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone battery backup is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Batery was not given very bad  experience pls don't do this type of work to valuable customerREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super workingREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Zaberjast samsung guru 1200 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbðŸ¥°ðŸ¥°ðŸ¥°READ MORE,5.0
It is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very week network issue, When I try to another mobile same place, not an issue...READ MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Poor sound qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile so amezing better healthREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is unbeatable performance in the basic phones range withing the price range.I am using my previous one since 6 yearsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ModerateREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
great phone. gifted to dad and dad is happy ðŸ¤—READ MORE,5.0
Nice piceREAD MORE,5.0
Good but not bestREAD MORE,3.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone battery backup is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
My mother full Happy for this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good deal.READ MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good  projects..READ MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good feature phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ..... ProductGood .....READ MORE,3.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Timely deliveryThanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 1READ MORE,5.0
Very good product and service of flipkart very fastREAD MORE,4.0
ExcelentREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product.thaks to flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Nice satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Good DelevingneREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for roughly use and just charge it one time to use for next 3 days.READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Battery issueREAD MORE,1.0
The rate of the product can be reduced slightly. In another various sites rates are slightly very different.It seems handyREAD MORE,5.0
BestðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,3.0
Good product for rough useREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super Mobile And Amazing MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good enough for the price I'm payingREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in this priceI gifted mother this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and battary very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
It is good only for phone usREAD MORE,3.0
Nice moREAD MORE,5.0
Good perchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Good feature phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ..... ProductGood .....READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
V GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile thank u FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
super coolREAD MORE,4.0
Very good and simple handling .nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
The product was good... â¤ï¸READ MORE,4.0
Average phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Prafomance was greatREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Phone .READ MORE,5.0
OKREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery issueREAD MORE,1.0
The rate of the product can be reduced slightly. In another various sites rates are slightly very different.It seems handyREAD MORE,5.0
BestðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,3.0
Good product for rough useREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super Mobile And Amazing MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good enough for the price I'm payingREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in this priceI gifted mother this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and battary very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
It is good only for phone usREAD MORE,3.0
Nice moREAD MORE,5.0
Good perchaseREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
My mom loved so much and ist so good tq so much â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
Very good producedREAD MORE,5.0
A perfect basic phone for aged people.READ MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,3.0
Very bad product. The sound is not clear and facing a network issue. Please don't purchase. I want to return the product may I know the process for it.READ MORE,1.0
Hate the phone poor quality ðŸ˜ ðŸ˜ READ MORE,1.0
It's good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Prafomance was greatREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Phone .READ MORE,5.0
OKREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice & very small productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice cell phoneREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very Hardy phone and long battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Batter is not working wellREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
"Super Pro,, â¤ï¸READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Gch phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Superb..READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Super,nice and light weightREAD MORE",5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
its good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Got it for an close relative. She is happy with it.READ MORE,5.0
a perfect phone when you don't need a smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone for girlfriendREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very Hardy phone and long battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is damage not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Bed itamREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung goodREAD MORE,4.0
Calling voice is very lowREAD MORE,2.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ok niceREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is very badBecause it is not saved nambar for Few daysREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good product... Go and buy...READ MORE,4.0
Good thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Super,nice and light weightREAD MORE",5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
its good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Got it for an close relative. She is happy with it.READ MORE,5.0
a perfect phone when you don't need a smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good phone, best for battery backup..READ MORE",5.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
Good responsibilityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile very niceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone,, thank you Flipkart. Fast delivery thanks to delivery boyREAD MORE",5.0
"This is old mobile,very slowly work, network problem allwaysREAD MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
JabardastNo more wordREAD MORE,5.0
ok niceREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is very badBecause it is not saved nambar for Few daysREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"There is a very small screen, nothing is visible, wastage of money onlyREAD MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
I order this phone February 21 and after using 1 month speaker is stop working..READ MORE,1.0
Best basic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good phone, best for battery backup..READ MORE",5.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
Good responsibilityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best is best productsThank you so muchFlipkart ðŸ¤—ðŸ¤—READ MORE,5.0
SuperðŸ™‚ðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very  goodREAD MORE,5.0
Phone not remain on condition for 2 min.READ MORE,1.0
Flipkart service is better than amozon in my personal experience.... Bcos.... Products is of original quality... And fast delivery system.....READ MORE,5.0
Battery to worstREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Size is too smallREAD MORE,1.0
The battery was not upto mark but I lost my box ..won't suggest anyone to buyREAD MORE,1.0
Hope it would have a camera inbuilt in it. Otherwise the product is good. Good battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Long time ticauo productREAD MORE,5.0
valued for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GudREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Simple good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Its totally awesome.READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but there is no cameraREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Has stopped working within 6 months.READ MORE,5.0
Colling parobalm AawajREAD MORE,2.0
Super... good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Key pad not to be smooth functioningREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best is best productsThank you so muchFlipkart ðŸ¤—ðŸ¤—READ MORE,5.0
SuperðŸ™‚ðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very  goodREAD MORE,5.0
Phone not remain on condition for 2 min.READ MORE,1.0
Flipkart service is better than amozon in my personal experience.... Bcos.... Products is of original quality... And fast delivery system.....READ MORE,5.0
Battery to worstREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,5.0
Superb buy it everyoneREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung always boss electronics manufactureringREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,3.0
Good buy.READ MORE,4.0
Old people easily operate this phone and perfect for usREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good..,,READ MORE",4.0
Good delivery man ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘Œ. Mobile also good tq FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not for uselabal onley one dayREAD MORE,1.0
Good in rupees 1314READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Phone quality for good light weight.    And slim phone to cherry esey carry  battery life good and backup       one point is not good sumsum mobile not  eyerphone    in the Box and market availabilitiesREAD MORE,5.0
Good fro studentsREAD MORE,5.0
Compact and light weightREAD MORE,5.0
Peaks........no words to sayREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome MobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT PHONE .READ MORE,5.0
Same as offline unitREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc oneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Tish phone is so goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
WowwðŸ¥°READ MORE,5.0
Roufg & tough use mobileBest phone for callingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile bettery charge is very good I'm so happy thank you for flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
Nice MobileðŸ¤©READ MORE,5.0
Battery backup is very bad. I didn't think that such type of keypad mobile battery backup is too bad.READ MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Best Product.READ MORE,5.0
good qulityREAD MORE,5.0
All goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...READ MORE,5.0
GodREAD MORE,3.0
Good in rupees 1314READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
User since childhood...Happy to get again....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good device i love it â¤â¤â¤READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Osam product, niceREAD MORE",5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Super basic model from samsung Super mobile very strong mobileREAD MORE,5.0
All is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worthy buyingREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodmorningREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile in keypadREAD MORE,3.0
Nice built quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for secondary usageREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Best Product.READ MORE,5.0
good qulityREAD MORE,5.0
All goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...READ MORE,5.0
GodREAD MORE,3.0
Good product fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
"Worresrt , software is not goodREAD MORE",1.0
No bad but  don't waste moneyREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Nice setREAD MORE,3.0
Good and trusting one in FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone in this price range ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
One can only talk......!READ MORE,4.0
Not bad ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”ðŸ¤”READ MORE,3.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowingREAD MORE,4.0
Cheap and bestREAD MORE,4.0
Just okREAD MORE,5.0
"It's a very good ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘Œ product that i choose,  it also performed very well as i want....thnkuuu very much flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Only  jusy  working  .READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good one for rough use.. I already used this mobile.. so I know how it will be... That's why purchased again....for rough use only...READ MORE,5.0
Super phone.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone .READ MORE,4.0
It's nice ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Working condition of mobile is good ðŸ˜ƒREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good basic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
best handset mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice deviceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product.. thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing phone value for money good productREAD MORE,5.0
Ameging ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Awesome ðŸ‘ðŸ˜ŽðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Okay okay phoneREAD MORE,1.0
nice...READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Overall budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GpodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phone .READ MORE,4.0
It's nice ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobil. Very well condition.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
My secondary phone only 1150 best deals from offline marketing i can say o pREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart delivery boy superREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile back cover is low normalREAD MORE,3.0
Super duper superREAD MORE,5.0
It is the kepad mobile in chargingREAD MORE,5.0
"Mobile switch not on, same problem even if replaced.  No one should buy this mobile just to lose cashREAD MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Just wawREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice brandREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Customer friendly mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
This products very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Your product the best but it's not interestedREAD MORE,3.0
Overall it's good.READ MORE,4.0
Quality assuranceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile ......!!!!!READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile for old ones..READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
My secondary phone only 1150 best deals from offline marketing i can say o pREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart delivery boy superREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile back cover is low normalREAD MORE,3.0
Super duper superREAD MORE,5.0
It is the kepad mobile in chargingREAD MORE,5.0
"Mobile switch not on, same problem even if replaced.  No one should buy this mobile just to lose cashREAD MORE",1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Just wawREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Great phone as always. Couple of points to be aware of.1. There is no provision for regular earphone jack and no earphone come along.2. Charging port type is of old one and same port to be used for earphones if you get one.3. Sims slot are not of mini/micro. It's the old type. So might need that small adapter cutouts...4. Signal strength and call quality is better than 4g phones as its just for call.READ MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Supper mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Thanks flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's good but it's audio can be betterREAD MORE,3.0
It's really good...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product but headset tha illaREAD MORE,4.0
The product is handy tiny and perfect for my GrandmaREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  and simple  productREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for money.. thank u flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Best ProductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ˜„READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Great phone as always. Couple of points to be aware of.1. There is no provision for regular earphone jack and no earphone come along.2. Charging port type is of old one and same port to be used for earphones if you get one.3. Sims slot are not of mini/micro. It's the old type. So might need that small adapter cutouts...4. Signal strength and call quality is better than 4g phones as its just for call.READ MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
OK... But courier service was very nice thanks flipkartREAD MORE,2.0
Network issues betarry issuesREAD MORE,1.0
very good product with minimum priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
So happyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
This mobile is the good in study point of view..paisa vasool mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is not niceREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile battery backup  15 daysREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super ðŸ’READ MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not okREAD MORE,2.0
The best kypad mobile with best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
OK... But courier service was very nice thanks flipkartREAD MORE,2.0
Network issues betarry issuesREAD MORE,1.0
very good product with minimum priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Pretty... cute Love itREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Genuine itemREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice podcastREAD MORE,5.0
Avarage phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,2.0
Vary nice Flipkart â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
"Good to use as emergency phone as it has very durable battery with moderate use,  full charge once in a week  is more than sufficient.READ MORE",4.0
guru for allREAD MORE,5.0
A very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Overall Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Overall great dealREAD MORE,5.0
Best value for money mobileNice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Very good delivery. .. thank you Filpkart. .. But the screen size is too small compared to NOKIAREAD MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
NiceeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Defected productREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice podcastREAD MORE,5.0
Avarage phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,2.0
Vary nice Flipkart â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
"Good to use as emergency phone as it has very durable battery with moderate use,  full charge once in a week  is more than sufficient.READ MORE",4.0
guru for allREAD MORE,5.0
A very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
The best phone for home Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good  productREAD MORE,5.0
Mast mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile but headphone not providing, then everything is goodREAD MORE",5.0
Nice Mobile to samsungREAD MORE,5.0
The phone are not sell pack by plasticREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent product must buy ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
NiceeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Defected productREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good â˜ºï¸ nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,2.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Phone was good but charger is  not working ðŸ˜¡READ MORE,1.0
Fantastic and best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
The good mobailREAD MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,4.0
No separate earphone provided and the charger pin is not the type c. No separate audio jack.READ MORE,2.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodickREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone very simple use......best mobile for old people....READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Praise highlyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
No head setREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad performanceREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkayREAD MORE,3.0
i love this productREAD MORE,4.0
Very effective phone in the price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Decent phone with decent features. When coming to basic phone category samsung have done a great job. Really nice phone with  compatible size. One of the best phone in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Small but work Faster than smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Value of money, nice productREAD MORE",5.0
Good productSatisfaction for deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product... I'm very happy..... thanks for FlipkartðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
"Small screen  , battery is not as exceptedREAD MORE",5.0
Nice......READ MORE,5.0
Good product â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Praise highlyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
No head setREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad performanceREAD MORE,2.0
The phone is very good but no earphone and memory slotREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Itâ€™s good to get this phone for Low priceGood performance and super battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
superb Mobile setREAD MORE,4.0
Battery quality is not good quality dieREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Durable. Go Samsung goREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome and nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
KurtaREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Daily used phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice feature phone for my parents.READ MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung is an brandREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
ClassicREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you so much flipkart ðŸ¥°ðŸ¥°... Very good product â¤â¤ðŸ¥°ðŸ¥°READ MORE,5.0
Good within budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘Look osmREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Itâ€™s good to get this phone for Low priceGood performance and super battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
superb Mobile setREAD MORE,4.0
Battery quality is not good quality dieREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Durable. Go Samsung goREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome and nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
KurtaREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad experience display was not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Good keypad phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Sim konsa lagegaREAD MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
DamagesREAD MORE,2.0
Best for only calling purpose...READ MORE,4.0
"Average product, price is highREAD MORE",3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Best Cellphone ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I Brought tiz phone for my Grandparents and Mbl is superREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Spr productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good basic phone, liked itREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good itemREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad experience display was not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Good keypad phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Sim konsa lagegaREAD MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
DamagesREAD MORE,2.0
Best for only calling purpose...READ MORE,4.0
"Average product, price is highREAD MORE",3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone with less moneyREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,4.0
It's amazing phone for who suffering battery related problemsIf you have changed once then you can use it continuously 3-4 day.This is amazing product of samsung india.READ MORE,5.0
Battery superREAD MORE,5.0
WorstREAD MORE,1.0
I'm happy with this product ðŸ¤—â¤ï¸ðŸ˜ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
Best mobile for rough usersREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,3.0
Good Product and first DeliveryREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality..good looking phone at this rate Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
The Samsung Guru 1200 model mobile phone is dated 14 days after useREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiseREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwsomeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
Osm product Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone ever I have seenREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful to use in singal hand for calksREAD MORE,5.0
Believe for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Vest mobileREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product is superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Beutiful productsREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good samsung guru mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
"Ok ok type, it is over priced.READ MORE",3.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
This is a fantastic feature phone under low rangeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProduceREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you flipkart delivery to this mobile was very short timeREAD MORE,3.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Very superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart process is very badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Is goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuppppppperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good but too slimREAD MORE,4.0
So sadREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful to use in singal hand for calksREAD MORE,5.0
Believe for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Vest mobileREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product is superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
5star rREAD MORE,5.0
Very good. Full paisa vasool.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
Price is highREAD MORE,3.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
its afordable and gud i buy this for my grandmaaREAD MORE,5.0
Good keypad phone. Right choice for normal use. Ok.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good nicREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product on this prizeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
my custemor is very happy.READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
All time hit..READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good but too slimREAD MORE,4.0
So sadREAD MORE,2.0
Such a amazig mobile.READ MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and it will be a better phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy good to carryREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks to FlifkartREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Wender fullREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice one best in performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Huge battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
It's been 12 days the phone is not charging this is the first product I ordered through Flipkart and I don't want give one star also I bought this for my mom and it's waste of money . I think Flipkart is cheap but it's worstREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
its afordable and gud i buy this for my grandmaaREAD MORE,5.0
Good keypad phone. Right choice for normal use. Ok.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good nicREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product on this prizeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
my custemor is very happy.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Mmg phonREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Phone still working ðŸ˜Š no issuesREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productsðŸ’¯ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
GoodsREAD MORE,4.0
Very good phone.. Nice voice clarity and battery backup is too good..READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Wender fullREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice one best in performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Huge battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
It's been 12 days the phone is not charging this is the first product I ordered through Flipkart and I don't want give one star also I bought this for my mom and it's waste of money . I think Flipkart is cheap but it's worstREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I have purchased this phone only for long battery back up after reading reviews But it didn't give even single day back-up without using.I informed this problem to customer careOn being repaired from Samsung service center Dwarka ,Vegas mall,Delhi Again It is not working properlyHaving same problem.Either it is fake product or i am cheated by fall quality assured by Samsung company.Beware before purchase.READ MORE",1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Ok in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied the productREAD MORE,1.0
No camera on mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Compact phone...with the trust of samsung company.READ MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Mobile at low costREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile.....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Phone still working ðŸ˜Š no issuesREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Overall good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good products...READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super  chargingREAD MORE,5.0
delivery was very fast. loved it.READ MORE,5.0
This product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice phone no doubt..Can go for it ðŸ˜ŠðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
NiceðŸ¤©ðŸ¤©READ MORE,4.0
OkayREAD MORE,4.0
Good at this price point..READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Gud one . light weight . battery power is good . Voice sound loud.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Small and cute mobile thank u flipkartðŸ˜™ðŸ˜™ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
The phone is very small and stylish... Performance is excellent and the battery backup is outstandingREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice basic mobile...READ MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Decent productREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Super keypad mobile this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
sound quality is too good in this Samsung mobile. and SAR value also less than other phones so it is the best but we get a different charger and no separate headphone jackREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice... Value of money ðŸ¥³ðŸ¤ŸREAD MORE,5.0
Overall value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good nREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super  chargingREAD MORE,5.0
delivery was very fast. loved it.READ MORE,5.0
This product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice phone no doubt..Can go for it ðŸ˜ŠðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
NiceðŸ¤©ðŸ¤©READ MORE,4.0
OkayREAD MORE,4.0
Good at this price point..READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Gud one . light weight . battery power is good . Voice sound loud.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Small and cute mobile thank u flipkartðŸ˜™ðŸ˜™ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
It's very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Ok ok productREAD MORE,4.0
Phone good but hed phone not thereREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good one really I like itREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super keypad mobile this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
sound quality is too good in this Samsung mobile. and SAR value also less than other phones so it is the best but we get a different charger and no separate headphone jackREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
nice product but  mobile hinging in 3monthsREAD MORE,3.0
Sound is not good...very worstREAD MORE,2.0
Excellant qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very handy product and sound quality is too good ..READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
For calling it's awesome but it's charging pin type is not micro USB so it's a prblmREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
To goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi, It's really good phone for rough use and the battery is really awesome. If you want a phone just to talk then it's totally worthful.READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice..READ MORE,5.0
Best phone for calling onlyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and battery is also good.Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It's a good handset for all usersREAD MORE,5.0
Mast Phone likely productREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD NICEREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile with reasonable cost...ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product....thnk's Flipkart ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Really gud only attend the phone call value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
"Waste mobile, small speaker-small soundREAD MORE",1.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Calling voice is not clearREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
To goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi, It's really good phone for rough use and the battery is really awesome. If you want a phone just to talk then it's totally worthful.READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice..READ MORE,5.0
Best phone for calling onlyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone and battery is also good.Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It's a good handset for all usersREAD MORE,5.0
Mast Phone likely productREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD NICEREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productsREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good  phone  thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Most quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Flipkart is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Phone For Receiving and Dialing CallsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Only calling use best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
It's really good for talking and smally superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst product,  it was not at all working returned it....READ MORE",2.0
"This phone is really good, if u charge one time ,so u can easily use 1.5 days to continue used.Every things is perfect but delivery boy not deliver product on perfact address .This is most biggest problem in filipkart service.I things , filipkart must be fixed this problem .READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
It's good...READ MORE,4.0
Was okREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good ðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
Awesome ðŸ˜â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
Very  nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Charging cable problemREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Doublicat items I got by flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
Value for MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice ðŸ‘ŒðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you for flipkart . Fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you samsung and flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Cheap rate . Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Most quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Flipkart is goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good feature mobile.Good for daily usage.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Have been using for one half month everything is good but from yesterday ear speaker is not workingREAD MORE,1.0
GooodREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Volue  moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing outstanding fast delivery niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but not supported for memory card very small phone I expect it will has camera too but no camera not supported for headphones and no fm too u can see like Nokia  ðŸ˜‰ Nokia is bestREAD MORE,5.0
It is ok ok type phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Non smartphone users best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile for just calling purpose.Good for old people.Build quality is superb.READ MORE,5.0
No 1 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
This is the best phone by battery backup and callingREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
OKREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this product.Phone is getting hanging after few days from date of purchase. I feel cheated after bought this product. My dad scold me.READ MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you samsung and flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Cheap rate . Excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Lazvab phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Power mobile it is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile and value of monyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best in the price of 1150READ MORE,4.0
It contain only one sim.....READ MORE,2.0
Value Buy for senior citizens.READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
GooodREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Volue  moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing outstanding fast delivery niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but not supported for memory card very small phone I expect it will has camera too but no camera not supported for headphones and no fm too u can see like Nokia  ðŸ˜‰ Nokia is bestREAD MORE,5.0
It is ok ok type phone in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Non smartphone users best mobileREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobile for just calling purpose.Good for old people.Build quality is superb.READ MORE,5.0
No 1 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
This is the best phone by battery backup and callingREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobile with this priceREAD MORE,5.0
It is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is not working after 15 days of delivery. Not expected thisREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad item. Money wasteREAD MORE,1.0
Having Sound problem  ðŸ–ï¸READ MORE,1.0
Packing is not good. Mobiles should have more protecting packing.READ MORE,2.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
One of the best phone for parentâ€™sREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money its too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
24 hrs soundREAD MORE,4.0
GodREAD MORE,3.0
Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not too goodREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Vey NicREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery boy is good &excellent. So helpful. Thanks to all team.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product! Value for money ðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
Good product buy normally usersREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad performanceREAD MORE,2.0
Super ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
"It doesn't work on jio SIM, waste of money, now I can't even return it. What a wasteREAD MORE",1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
This is so good product. it's performance and quality is so amazing.READ MORE,5.0
"Hardy, long lastingREAD MORE",5.0
Voice is not clearedREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Mast phone ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Battery back up awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Overall Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good product 4days battery use with out use one weekREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Not a good product.READ MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good for basic usageREAD MORE,4.0
Bhut accha product ha buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
I bought 1092 rs this phone .it is very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice packing... Good product.. Easy to carry..READ MORE,5.0
It is a good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great for calling...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money is superREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile quality is superREAD MORE,5.0
Bad performanceREAD MORE,2.0
Super ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
"It doesn't work on jio SIM, waste of money, now I can't even return it. What a wasteREAD MORE",1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
This is so good product. it's performance and quality is so amazing.READ MORE,5.0
"Hardy, long lastingREAD MORE",5.0
Voice is not clearedREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Mast phone ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks to Flipkart giving bestREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good pradadacotREAD MORE,4.0
Ok. Good but i expected moreREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Same as discriptedREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good for basic usageREAD MORE,4.0
Bhut accha product ha buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
I bought 1092 rs this phone .it is very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice packing... Good product.. Easy to carry..READ MORE,5.0
It is a good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great for calling...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money is superREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile quality is superREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's a good product and in less amountREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phone.READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Tq you flipkart for wonderful items.READ MORE,5.0
battery drains in 1 hour onlyREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best model in feature phone.READ MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
"No headphones, old model charger pin very bad, disappointingREAD MORE",2.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for allREAD MORE,5.0
This is the small oesome mobile I really like it flipkart thank you for your serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I gave 1 star to seller. It looks the product already used some one and not new.READ MORE,1.0
Good for old aged people easy for handling I bought to for my grand father he like it small screen but letters are big and numbers are very clear the dial pad is very clear even I darkness beautiful good colour thank you Flipkart and SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile but high price, under 1000 is best mobile phoneREAD MORE",4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prductREAD MORE,5.0
"This product is very well, for this cost.READ MORE",5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
7 thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Almost usefull setREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,4.0
Best productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone I got it 1000READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but price is too highREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,3.0
PoorREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"No headphones, old model charger pin very bad, disappointingREAD MORE",2.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for allREAD MORE,5.0
This is the small oesome mobile I really like it flipkart thank you for your serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I gave 1 star to seller. It looks the product already used some one and not new.READ MORE,1.0
Good for old aged people easy for handling I bought to for my grand father he like it small screen but letters are big and numbers are very clear the dial pad is very clear even I darkness beautiful good colour thank you Flipkart and SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone I got it 1000READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but price is too highREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,3.0
PoorREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super productREAD MORE,3.0
Good condition nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is too good...at cost of 1150 single simREAD MORE,5.0
I love this phone.Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneðŸ“ž mastREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ðŸ‘.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
Low budget good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone mini samsung guruREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Happy with this productREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile for simple useREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Everything looks goodREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Very smallREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is not in practical as explained here.ðŸ‘ŽðŸ‘ŽðŸ‘ŽREAD MORE,1.0
Damage product supplied.. Waste of time...READ MORE,1.0
Dilevery is very fast goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Mobile ...No what's app ....No insta..READ MORE,5.0
Best Iâ€™m price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Product awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super productREAD MORE,3.0
Good condition nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is too good...at cost of 1150 single simREAD MORE,5.0
I love this phone.Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good light weight phoneREAD MORE,5.0
My sasu mom's first phone. She loved it very easy to operateREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Call time Network problemREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Exelent work good mobioeREAD MORE,5.0
I ordered this for my mom.. she liked lot.. nice quality..Thanks for seller..READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Very light good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Really value of money, great delivery in Covid timeREAD MORE",5.0
Yavarege phoneREAD MORE,4.0
One week work properly after one week keys not working. Fraud itemREAD MORE,1.0
Good for callingREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
ð“‘ð“®ð“½ð“½ð“®ð“»ð“½ð“¸ ð“¾ð“¼ð“®READ MORE,4.0
Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
After using this product for a while  I'm pretty much satisfied with the dilevery Time and ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Good product ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Good phone.READ MORE,5.0
Very worst productREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile and easyvto useREAD MORE,5.0
Great quality ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NicelyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Mobile ..Close Your Eye and buy ..My Dady Loves this Mobile ..By Elakkiyarasan ChennaiREAD MORE,5.0
Network connectivity issue arises Continously......READ MORE,1.0
so cute little phoneðŸ’–ðŸ˜ðŸ¤©READ MORE,5.0
Must have phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone and batteryREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Expectations not reachedAnd voice is not clearREAD MORE,1.0
Received a damaged phone ..very bad experience in flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Evergreen mobile phone.READ MORE,5.0
Better choice for author comparison ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
"I have purchased for my mother.... Very good sound , very light and really love samsung mobile.READ MORE",5.0
Nice mobaileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Worth Buying. I received a recently manufactured Unit ðŸ¤ªðŸ”¥READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Long term usage causes speakers to jam and less sound quality after 5 years.READ MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
BASIC PHONE AT ITS BEST.. SMOOTH KEYPAD.MY GIFT TO MY DAD WHO IS USING MOBILE ONLY FOR PHONE CALLSREAD MORE,4.0
I just love itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Worthof MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Got it for my grandmom , she is happy with the product . Delivery was on time , so thank you Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
"Samsung Guru is a good deal, battery backup is very goodREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very important & nice mobile phone ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰READ MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,1.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product but can transmit speed upto 100mbps only good for home useREAD MORE,4.0
It's a good keypad phone for sample tasks like calling.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Not good very badREAD MORE,1.0
Best phone depending on its priceREAD MORE,5.0
Daily use okREAD MORE,2.0
Works well though after 1 month its display shows something different so 4 starsREAD MORE,4.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good serivesh  Thnk you...READ MORE,1.0
Bad .low soundREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Working SamuthlyREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ’—ðŸ’—ðŸ’—ðŸ’— beautiful . awesomePlease buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice for this price range ðŸ¤ŸðŸ¤ŸðŸ¤ŸðŸ¤ŸREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Worthof MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Got it for my grandmom , she is happy with the product . Delivery was on time , so thank you Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
"Samsung Guru is a good deal, battery backup is very goodREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very important & nice mobile phone ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰READ MORE,5.0
it's a best mobile phone I love itREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiseREAD MORE,2.0
"Very awesome nano products and simply ,I like it simplicity , but without headset of mobile in boxingREAD MORE",3.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
GreateREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is good but some sound many timesREAD MORE,4.0
Works well though after 1 month its display shows something different so 4 starsREAD MORE,4.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good serivesh  Thnk you...READ MORE,1.0
Bad .low soundREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Working SamuthlyREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ’—ðŸ’—ðŸ’—ðŸ’— beautiful . awesomePlease buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice for this price range ðŸ¤ŸðŸ¤ŸðŸ¤ŸðŸ¤ŸREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very costly and smallREAD MORE,2.0
Mobile is working perfectly...Battery withstand longer hours...But mobile is very small than expected...need to handle with care otherwise easily you will lost the mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice product I like itâ¤ï¸â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
CoolREAD MORE,5.0
Very fast delivery and nice product thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks ðŸ˜˜â˜ºï¸â˜ºï¸ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜˜READ MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NICE ONE...REALLY WORTHYREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodectREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
GreateREAD MORE,5.0
Battery is good but some sound many timesREAD MORE,4.0
GoodðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
I love this productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Its good product for callingREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
fabulous productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Battery only worked 06 months poor performance of battery very badREAD MORE,1.0
Nice colour and strong body.goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's so goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product . Value for money . Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Still ruling in keypad mobiles.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not working and networking problemREAD MORE,3.0
NICE PHONE VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE,5.0
Very fast delivery and nice product thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks ðŸ˜˜â˜ºï¸â˜ºï¸ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜˜READ MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NICE ONE...REALLY WORTHYREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodectREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good produced.READ MORE,5.0
Everything is good but the delivery was delayed and except delivery the condition and usage of mobile pretty goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery. Product is awesome. ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
"2nd purchase for my father, first one was for my mother. Satisfied...READ MORE",5.0
Its very niceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile thank youREAD MORE,4.0
Velue for money productREAD MORE,5.0
Good one on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
I love this device bcz old is gold. ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery person super mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup is badREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Damaged phone......READ MORE,2.0
Nice product...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,3.0
Best phn in this price range...READ MORE,5.0
Valuable product for long Time useREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good quality.READ MORE,5.0
Good Mobil value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
ClassicREAD MORE,5.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
It's originalREAD MORE,4.0
Phone's speaker is'nt working properly.... DisappointedREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome and Simple PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,4.0
Really it was an super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Battery backup is brilliant. So reasonable..READ MORE,4.0
Its very niceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mobile thank youREAD MORE,4.0
Velue for money productREAD MORE,5.0
Good one on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
I love this device bcz old is gold. ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery person super mobile value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup is badREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Very budget friendly phone by a trusted brand.READ MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Display not okREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile but battery in de Mobile is"" Made In China"".  Otherwise it's all ok . The terms is working . Value of money ,Nice colour, No damage for children's it's good to have. It's used for talking n typing. Thank u flipkart ...... I buy dis product for my servent (maid) or housekeeper she is really very happy . Me too also very happy n feels good for helping someone poor n needy person.  ""Nice shopping online"". Flipkart says ""buy assured product"" I always buy assured product it's really ve...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thank u flipkart. I gifted this phone to my granny. The phone was awesome and the delivery boy was also humble and quite.â¤READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
ClassicREAD MORE,5.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
It's originalREAD MORE,4.0
Phone's speaker is'nt working properly.... DisappointedREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome and Simple PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,4.0
Same as pictureREAD MORE,5.0
Good product ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good phone for call and msg..READ MORE,5.0
PRODUCT IS GOOD. VALUE FOR MONEY.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Hi sir my mobile not use please take themy mobileREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"nice mobile ,, easy to user friendly and strong body case light weight ...READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Very budget friendly phone by a trusted brand.READ MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Display not okREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile but battery in de Mobile is"" Made In China"".  Otherwise it's all ok . The terms is working . Value of money ,Nice colour, No damage for children's it's good to have. It's used for talking n typing. Thank u flipkart ...... I buy dis product for my servent (maid) or housekeeper she is really very happy . Me too also very happy n feels good for helping someone poor n needy person.  ""Nice shopping online"". Flipkart says ""buy assured product"" I always buy assured product it's really ve...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thank u flipkart. I gifted this phone to my granny. The phone was awesome and the delivery boy was also humble and quite.â¤READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb mobile, i have given gift to my grand mother. She has simply used this mobile without any confusion ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE",5.0
Worth for money good deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ‘Œ good productREAD MORE,5.0
NICE MOBILE WITH LOW PRICEREAD MORE,4.0
Very Bad product. The battery is verybad. The phone is not switching onREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Better than nokiaREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Super PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It's nice and work good.......... Battery backup super.....READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
He delivered early really it is a nice product .and it is super value for  money ðŸ’°.reallly worthREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Hi sir my mobile not use please take themy mobileREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Budget  phone.....22/9/20....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thank youREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Good cell fhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Interested  product amazing  lovelyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Low price very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Display is too small.READ MORE,5.0
It is very nice but size is very smallREAD MORE,3.0
Good  productREAD MORE,5.0
Very much satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile Phone is not bad but flipkart is totally worst. They haven't fallow mentioned policy and norms.READ MORE,2.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
It's battery is worst and sound quality is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Guru 1200 good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
He delivered early really it is a nice product .and it is super value for  money ðŸ’°.reallly worthREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Best in the marketREAD MORE,5.0
Good product thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good product ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Body quality low plastic with average quality.But ok as per price it is ok...But still can try other unpopular brands with better quality and specifications and also low price.Any how i got it for Rs.1150READ MORE,3.0
Best Mobile For Calling Purpose And Best Build Quality EverREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Automatic switch off 1 day at 3-4timeREAD MORE,1.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
Cute phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best value for mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Gud nowREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for best priceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product lovely impressive mobile original product in flipkart platformREAD MORE,5.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice good product value moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It's battery is worst and sound quality is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Guru 1200 good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productDon't buy this.from FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for gfREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Good workingREAD MORE,3.0
It's not charging worst flipkart customer service iam suffering lotREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
the product is fineREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
moderate phone for taking each otherREAD MORE,4.0
likeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The phone is good & the material also . Happy because delivery is on the time .Thanks for this flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good condition and battery backup  very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile.READ MORE,4.0
Beep sound alwayaREAD MORE,1.0
Does not have all 9 Speed dials...READ MORE,3.0
It's great model ðŸŽðŸŽðŸðŸBest phone performance on bissunessREAD MORE,5.0
Superb â˜ºï¸ðŸ‘ðŸ»READ MORE,5.0
Mobile box was seal pack but cell phone was not fresh condition.READ MORE,3.0
"Such lovely phone ""ðŸŒ· Size too small ðŸŒ·"" it's very nice ðŸŒ·ðŸ¥°ðŸŒ·READ MORE",5.0
His. Charging slot is very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent service from flipkart, thank you so muchREAD MORE",5.0
Good!!â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
It's look like same as shown in picture. Very good product thanks to flipkart to delivered this products. Must buy it. Thank youâ¤READ MORE,3.0
My father love this keypad mobile phone.its very handy and battery backup is superb.All over value for moneyðŸ‘Œ.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone battery backup is supeb ...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Battery is poorREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NICE PHONEREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy for your grandmother or grandfatherREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ðŸ‘Œ mobile I am very happy ðŸ˜ðŸ™‚Ordered 2 Mobiles Both are Good Quality ðŸ˜ðŸ˜Always brand is brand....READ MORE,5.0
Iam satisfied good product thank u flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Nice ðŸ‘ŒproductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone callREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Such lovely phone ""ðŸŒ· Size too small ðŸŒ·"" it's very nice ðŸŒ·ðŸ¥°ðŸŒ·READ MORE",5.0
His. Charging slot is very badREAD MORE,1.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent service from flipkart, thank you so muchREAD MORE",5.0
Good!!â¤ï¸READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
It's look like same as shown in picture. Very good product thanks to flipkart to delivered this products. Must buy it. Thank youâ¤READ MORE,3.0
My father love this keypad mobile phone.its very handy and battery backup is superb.All over value for moneyðŸ‘Œ.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phone battery backup is supeb ...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Battery is poorREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile good working simply superREAD MORE,4.0
Really good oneâ˜READ MORE,5.0
Best for parents.. complete value for money for this purpose only.READ MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru 1200 is very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice.... Good night quality time moblREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone callREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good feature phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Not headphones 3.5mm jackREAD MORE,1.0
"Awesome,Go for it.READ MORE",5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Available at a lower price on Flipkart as compared to market. Very Nice ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘Œ Highly Recommended to All..â¤ï¸â¤ï¸ Go for it without any hesitation..READ MORE,5.0
Best keypad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice   phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good ðŸ˜„ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product..READ MORE,4.0
Great performanceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Fantastic productREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile good working simply superREAD MORE,4.0
Really good oneâ˜READ MORE,5.0
Best for parents.. complete value for money for this purpose only.READ MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru 1200 is very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice.... Good night quality time moblREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,4.0
All over okkREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
SpeakREAD MORE,4.0
Not working properly while callingREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone.READ MORE,4.0
Nice performance.READ MORE,5.0
This my 3 mobile good battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone but could be better if had dual simREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
exellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good deal in budget.READ MORE,5.0
Thanks for this wonderful phone ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NYC phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Superb ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
perfect keypad phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice workingREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good fone i recommend to buyREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not working properly while callingREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone.READ MORE,4.0
Nice performance.READ MORE,5.0
This my 3 mobile good battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"It is good product, nice phone , good battery backup.READ MORE",5.0
Werry nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
sumsung is the best phone.READ MORE,5.0
Lovely phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productâ€‹.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Battery not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Bettry backup very nice 4-5 DayREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best products...!!!!READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"I full charged 18th Aug, today 21st , now battery is full..Extremely superbREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
This is good product.simple and easy to use.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileI am from AssamREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone for basic needs... Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Just OsmREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
this product is good and very usefulREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"It is good product, nice phone , good battery backup.READ MORE",5.0
Werry nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
sumsung is the best phone.READ MORE,5.0
Lovely phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productâ€‹.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Battery not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Bettry backup very nice 4-5 DayREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best products...!!!!READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"I full charged 18th Aug, today 21st , now battery is full..Extremely superbREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
This is good product.simple and easy to use.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileI am from AssamREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome phone for basic needs... Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Meets the requirements fully. Easy to use keyboard for Senior Citizens. Ringtone volume is pretty loud. Easy to grab in hand. Nice design. Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Nice SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Piece is highlyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
One months bhi nahi hue hai liye hue apne aap switch off ho jataREAD MORE,2.0
Waste productREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice phone from samsung for old people who doesn't know to use a smartphone. Pricing too is decent so appreciate it . Also samsung is not a Chinese brand so do buy it guys without fail.READ MORE,5.0
Sound problem with in 12 days usingREAD MORE,2.0
Worsted battery lifetime waste my moneyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
One of the best mobile in keyboardREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery services is fastREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Not to expectedREAD MORE,1.0
Good but there is no earphonesREAD MORE,3.0
Very Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone ðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
Nice project delivery is on timeREAD MORE,4.0
Thnx Flipkart Gifted to my LoveREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Compact phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Super best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OKREAD MORE,5.0
NICE AND beautiful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
No comentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good lroductREAD MORE,5.0
"Among the Keypad mobile this is best.value for money,  Giftable.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobleREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Aswm productREAD MORE,5.0
Waste productREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
Best mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Superb for using in any situation.....READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Simply superREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money!! Very Good for Senior CitizensREAD MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
The best phone of the decade with its popularity.READ MORE,5.0
Ok for normal useREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceGood for basic useREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice pieceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth itREAD MORE,4.0
Perfect phone I fully happyREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc product. ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£READ MORE,5.0
This phone is very battery conditions and sound condition very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone at good priceREAD MORE,5.0
Verry good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for normal useREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is basic and runs on single sim. Okey for normal usage . Long battery lifeREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Simply superREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good workingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product ðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆðŸ‘ˆREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Nicely done withREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobiREAD MORE,5.0
Phone was awesome. Everyone should buy this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Big fraudREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Nice ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth itREAD MORE,4.0
Perfect phone I fully happyREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc product. ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£READ MORE,5.0
This phone is very battery conditions and sound condition very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Not nice...READ MORE,1.0
Best product and delivery person was very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good prodect & goods service by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very low category productREAD MORE,1.0
As expectedREAD MORE,5.0
Good itemREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
ThankuREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent Performance With Good Battery BackupREAD MORE,4.0
Good ..Value for the price I'm happyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
This.. Is. An excellent mbl..... Oldage. People.... And..... Ruf. Nd tuf users.. ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone in this budget love itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Suprb flip cart  I want thise thank you thank you so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Good one for daily useREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,2.0
This mobile is very goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Very good product, battery life is also good but if headphone will available then it will be excellent.READ MORE",4.0
Good product. Battery life 3 day normally used.READ MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Must productREAD MORE,5.0
Well doneREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone but  low battery serviceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
valu for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Not so betterREAD MORE,1.0
Lots of issues regarding Network connectivityREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Back cover could not fit properlyREAD MORE,1.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
I bought it for my mom. its waste of money. not working properly....READ MORE,2.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Average good...READ MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Airphone miss.  Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Just wowREAD MORE,5.0
good product and nice phone simply AsmREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very Poor productREAD MORE,1.0
A very good feature phone with awesome battery backup and good sound qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Best for callingREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Worst experience with flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product, battery life is also good but if headphone will available then it will be excellent.READ MORE",4.0
Good product. Battery life 3 day normally used.READ MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Must productREAD MORE,5.0
Well doneREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone but  low battery serviceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
valu for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Battery Backup so good I love this phoneðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
Mobile sound problemREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
.goodREAD MORE,5.0
Phone not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
After month speaker is not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Just wowREAD MORE,5.0
good product and nice phone simply AsmREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very Poor productREAD MORE,1.0
A very good feature phone with awesome battery backup and good sound qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Best for callingREAD MORE,5.0
very good  productREAD MORE,5.0
SupbREAD MORE,5.0
very good quality for this mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality product I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
new as it is.READ MORE,5.0
Verry good itemsREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Need improvement in ringtoneREAD MORE,5.0
Lava A3 is better than it in same budget..READ MORE,3.0
Very beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Battery Backup so good I love this phoneðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
Mobile sound problemREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
.goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
good product.READ MORE,5.0
"It is amazing phone,and its battery back up is osm and mind blowing up...........i love itREAD MORE",5.0
Super ans sastaREAD MORE,4.0
Good one and color is nice ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone at reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good. Always simply make some beep soundREAD MORE,1.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Not bad on this priceREAD MORE,3.0
very good  productREAD MORE,5.0
SupbREAD MORE,5.0
very good quality for this mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality product I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
new as it is.READ MORE,5.0
Verry good itemsREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
product is 100% turst . My fast biggest product. I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Ok butREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodektREAD MORE,5.0
"Budget mobile, I got in 1155READ MORE",5.0
Normal.. charging plug not goodREAD MORE,1.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
good product.READ MORE,5.0
"It is amazing phone,and its battery back up is osm and mind blowing up...........i love itREAD MORE",5.0
Super ans sastaREAD MORE,4.0
Good one and color is nice ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone at reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good workREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Value of the productREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
The cellphone is execlant thank you flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad quality not working properly flipkart did froad with me to send the battery damaged phone I want replacement or my cash back due to lockdown I was unable to complain regarding the phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Very very nice I like it very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Good handset but price is higher as compared to offline shoppingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for only callsREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung phone quality very badREAD MORE,1.0
Wow very nice.... Quality... Thanks Flipkart â¤READ MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good choice....READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"I use this phone from few months many complaints are coming,  like bettry issues, power on off button,  still it is not working, it has been ded.READ MORE",1.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,5.0
This super itemREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good in very low price. Very handy. Just go for it. Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Trustworthy product ðŸ‘ðŸ½READ MORE,5.0
Low soundREAD MORE,1.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. I am satisfied..READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Product is good battery life very Nice i oove itREAD MORE,5.0
buttons not working properlyREAD MORE,3.0
Average phoneREAD MORE,4.0
The phone is extremely fast and longlasting..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good guruREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile for single SIM useREAD MORE,5.0
"I think this phone is tough, very strong phoneREAD MORE",5.0
Phone is good for using but only 2 problem in this phone 1 one ringing volume is to low & 2 problem only 1 ring tone in this phone v r not change the ring tone that's itREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
is awesome product..READ MORE,5.0
Value for money ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful mobile with long battery life and nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good afternoonREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good but not worthREAD MORE,3.0
It's very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for battery..once charged u can happily use for one weekREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
It is a nice product. It's battery' backup is good.READ MORE,4.0
OkayREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Betrry foltREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Doing the jobREAD MORE,5.0
Verry goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery back up is goodREAD MORE,4.0
One of the bestREAD MORE,5.0
Used phoneREAD MORE,1.0
It gets switch off frequently & some other keypad problemsREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Verry low sound. Loud speaker and phone ear speaker is same. So not loud properly.READ MORE,1.0
DineREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Gud mobileREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
is awesome product..READ MORE,5.0
Value for money ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful mobile with long battery life and nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good afternoonREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good but not worthREAD MORE,3.0
Using comfortREAD MORE,5.0
Very nise.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Works as per expectations.Its display is brightREAD MORE,4.0
handset performance excellent.. value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Voice quality is very poor. Can't hear other side callers voiceREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD PRODUCTSREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"Not good,,Back side of this product is not fit properlyðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡ðŸ˜¡READ MORE",1.0
Good product i am happy  and service is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Everything is working goodREAD MORE,5.0
Quality ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very softly phone you can use to easy wayREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Gud mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice Mobile PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Gud mobyREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
It's goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Everything good but only a problem found calling problemREAD MORE,4.0
Using comfortREAD MORE,5.0
Very nise.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Works as per expectations.Its display is brightREAD MORE,4.0
handset performance excellent.. value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Voice quality is very poor. Can't hear other side callers voiceREAD MORE,1.0
Supporting broad pin charger.. if u lost it.. it will be very different to find in shopsREAD MORE,1.0
SUPERB PRODUCT FROM SAMSUNG...PROS : BATTERY POWER IS AWESOME.SOUND IS LOUD. NICE.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent Phone for calls onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very softly phone you can use to easy wayREAD MORE,5.0
Camera is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable and reliable product...its also gives supper battery backup which has remain for 2days...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
Good product and everyone know this product.(Old is gold)READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BesttREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, worth it.READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best battery backup phone....â£ï¸READ MORE,5.0
good product perfectREAD MORE,4.0
Waste product I have never been seeing the wrapped productREAD MORE,1.0
Simply AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
This product is very good. I bye for my uncle unbelievel product awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,1.0
All conditions perfect ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good projectREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not that much good...below averageREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Average product of this price...and good delivery....tnx Flipkart.READ MORE,3.0
Best ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product by flipkart must buyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone but battery backup very solw and phone is good.READ MORE,5.0
Yeah..... Battery at it's bestREAD MORE,5.0
SUPER AMAZINGREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
this product is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
The maximum speed dail number configuration is only 6This is the only drawback I found in this productREAD MORE,4.0
Super nice mobile...... I like it......READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"Perfect delivery,and genuine phoneREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"I'm disappointed, small dent on phone. And it is not a New oneREAD MORE",2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Tnx you so muchREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is best ðŸ‘ðŸ’¯ in this value u should buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
All conditions perfect ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good projectREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not that much good...below averageREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Average product of this price...and good delivery....tnx Flipkart.READ MORE,3.0
Best ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product by flipkart must buyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone but battery backup very solw and phone is good.READ MORE,5.0
Yeah..... Battery at it's bestREAD MORE,5.0
SUPER AMAZINGREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
this product is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
The maximum speed dail number configuration is only 6This is the only drawback I found in this productREAD MORE,4.0
Super nice mobile...... I like it......READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile for voice call business but worst dileveryREAD MORE,1.0
Value for money...:)READ MORE,5.0
"wastage of money.....after one month it is not work properly.....not clear voice,  no battery backup and most of the it automatically get switched off.......READ MORE",1.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
For factory usage this is good oneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Such a hopeless product delivered by flipkart. Please don't any product from flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
Good phone but only one sim and no memory slot badREAD MORE,1.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
It's okREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product after ten days charging not supportREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Coin add hoini jeREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
ExllentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Call voice is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Its been a year.. Since i m using this product....... Paisa vasool product ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,4.0
Good dealREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product with.moneyREAD MORE,5.0
automatic switch off problemREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product...battery life is too good!!!READ MORE,5.0
Super ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
samsung guru 1200 future phone is very good and reasonable price thank samsungREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
I'm so happy likeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PHONEREAD MORE,5.0
Vary nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product and better than iphone 11 pro maxREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
wasteREAD MORE,1.0
Gud Mobile but Price is highREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung guru 1200 mobile is good working performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and very good delivery servicesREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Battery back up superREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile.Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product...battery life is too good!!!READ MORE,5.0
Super ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
samsung guru 1200 future phone is very good and reasonable price thank samsungREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile in key padREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Great priceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It was so good someone stole it from meREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and awesome deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product by Flip-kartREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile for SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product from samsungREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good mobail ponREAD MORE,5.0
Nice item at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery back up superREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Simple but very good product at reasonable rateREAD MORE,4.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Good simple phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Aswam product&delivery boy nice guyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice fodakREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery boy is a good attitude...READ MORE,4.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile in key padREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Great priceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It was so good someone stole it from meREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and awesome deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product by Flip-kartREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile for SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product from samsungREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good mobail ponREAD MORE,5.0
Nice item at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Voice clarity is very good.... ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
3rd class performanceREAD MORE,1.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
its goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product....buy it & use itðŸ’œREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Original and genuine samsung basic phones on flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
NysREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Well done...READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good phREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
More qualityREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice  mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,4.0
There is no radioREAD MORE,1.0
Soundless ringtoneREAD MORE,4.0
Its better.but i have no idea sometimes this phone contineous provide beep soundREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Colour and battery life is very good . Easy to keep in pocket . ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
super  tha superREAD MORE,5.0
Very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not soooo badREAD MORE,3.0
"It's very good phone, easy to handleREAD MORE",5.0
Very good oneðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
Good phone as per price value only for calling purposes.READ MORE,4.0
Mobail part not functioning very bad productREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best packingREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
There has no speeker very bad ....  Don't buy anythings very bad experience.... Very bad very bad very bad............bakwaaaaaaaasREAD MORE,1.0
Nice.. good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, but i faced same battery issues but after repairing , still it working effectivelyREAD MORE",4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
"This mobile rate in local mobile shop is rs.1250, almost same as in Flipkart Good mobile.  Cheap and best. It's best if u looking for basic mobile with single SimREAD MORE",4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good charging mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
UsefullREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Super....READ MORE,5.0
Very very rafworking mbl plz use itREAD MORE,4.0
this is very good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Not soooo badREAD MORE,3.0
"It's very good phone, easy to handleREAD MORE",5.0
Very good oneðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
Good phone as per price value only for calling purposes.READ MORE,4.0
Mobail part not functioning very bad productREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best packingREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
There has no speeker very bad ....  Don't buy anythings very bad experience.... Very bad very bad very bad............bakwaaaaaaaasREAD MORE,1.0
Nice.. good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, but i faced same battery issues but after repairing , still it working effectivelyREAD MORE",4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
"This mobile rate in local mobile shop is rs.1250, almost same as in Flipkart Good mobile.  Cheap and best. It's best if u looking for basic mobile with single SimREAD MORE",4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"best phone ,,READ MORE",5.0
Just okkREAD MORE,5.0
awesome maza a gaya thnkuuuuREAD MORE,5.0
Money is lowREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Its GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcelentREAD MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Better qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Supper power full mobileREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice my grandfather loves itREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks to flipkart nd product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi, I'm Priyanshu Singh director of MAA SHARDE ACADEMY KHESHKARI KATHADIH JAINAGAR KODERMA JHARKHAND, I'm happy to get a new mobile.thank u Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Charger others not canected only one chargerREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Renued phoneREAD MORE,1.0
boy super serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,5.0
default product receivedREAD MORE,1.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice SarvishREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcelentREAD MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Better qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Supper power full mobileREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice my grandfather loves itREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
VgoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not so goodREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice 1READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Renued phoneREAD MORE,1.0
boy super serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,5.0
default product receivedREAD MORE,1.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice SarvishREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Good for only callREAD MORE,4.0
Till now it's working good.READ MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
thankREAD MORE,5.0
SupobREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good fon for meREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
great phone... timely delivered....thank You flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
worth phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Battery is deadREAD MORE,1.0
nice battery life this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good phone.... value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome performanceREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ok productREAD MORE,4.0
good for normal user but too much simpleREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone.i Gift to my mom.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
classic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Gd product and value for manyREAD MORE,5.0
NOT GOOD WEST MOBILEREAD MORE,3.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
in catagory of good phone this phone is preferablyREAD MORE,5.0
good phone... very handyREAD MORE,4.0
nice battery life this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good phone.... value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,1.0
very nice...READ MORE,5.0
awesome â™¥ï¸ theREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
okkkkREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Best PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best of tha bestREAD MORE,5.0
good luckREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Handy phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
best battery back up easy to carrybest qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
classic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Gd product and value for manyREAD MORE,5.0
NOT GOOD WEST MOBILEREAD MORE,3.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone in respect to batteryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice Long lastingREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product ...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice MobilREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good basic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Handy Quite...READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
execellent this product thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Local phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
best battery back up easy to carrybest qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
best quality productREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
its working bette we are very happy to buy this phone.READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
it's working goodREAD MORE,5.0
worst mobiles some many time switch off very badREAD MORE,3.0
Gud product.READ MORE,4.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
very good product ðŸ‘ŒBattery life also very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone in respect to batteryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice Long lastingREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product ...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice MobilREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good basic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Handy Quite...READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone super purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product one of the best on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good onlyREAD MORE,5.0
very good workREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
best normal handsetREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is not much audiableREAD MORE,4.0
i love this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
I love this phone with long days  battry backup..READ MORE,5.0
very good brendREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
vry good my mom is vry happyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
as well as goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good phone super purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product one of the best on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good onlyREAD MORE,5.0
very good workREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
not bad but goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
ok fineREAD MORE,3.0
That's a best keypad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
good battery lifeREAD MORE,4.0
must piceREAD MORE,5.0
good as SamsungREAD MORE,4.0
all over superbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good performance phoneREAD MORE,5.0
PoorREAD MORE,1.0
it's a best and goodREAD MORE,5.0
the best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice feature phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good featured phoneREAD MORE,4.0
great mobile keypad SamsungREAD MORE,4.0
superb mobileREAD MORE,3.0
this is good produitREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice phone at this cost,,,I bought for my father,,bcz he can't handle Android phone and...this phon is very handy for him...READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"this is so amazing , strong and Long Life battery.it is too perfect for regular use..!!READ MORE",3.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile in parentsREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
working good till nowREAD MORE,5.0
everything is better but dilivery  its too lateREAD MORE,4.0
Charging issue observed after 20days...now my phone is dead...worst seller!READ MORE,2.0
very bad productREAD MORE,1.0
very nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
nice product......READ MORE,4.0
One of the most old feature mobile but still has its glory very well. Writing after 6 months of using the mobile. And i got it at 1100 rupees.READ MORE,5.0
"nothing to write, goodREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
I like itREAD MORE,5.0
BADREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
batter goodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
valued for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good and unbreakableREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very fineREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"this is so amazing , strong and Long Life battery.it is too perfect for regular use..!!READ MORE",3.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile in parentsREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
working good till nowREAD MORE,5.0
everything is better but dilivery  its too lateREAD MORE,4.0
5 starREAD MORE,5.0
THIS PRODUCT NOT USE IN 2 MONTHREAD MORE,1.0
good phone .. and valu for monyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is goodREAD MORE,4.0
very very Good product.....Once charging ...It take 22 days.....Thanks Flifcart for quick and first delivery.READ MORE,5.0
satisfied with this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awsmREAD MORE,5.0
"flipkart has done a great job ,the product is very good. samsung 1200 is a perfect and best keypad phoneREAD MORE",5.0
very badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
really amazing product ðŸ’•ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
good and warthbleREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Good and unbreakableREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD BASIC MOBILE FOR SENIOR CITZENS & BUSINESS  PEOPLEREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent..READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
dublicate phone.....dnt take it's worst thing .......READ MORE,1.0
nice bacis phone & long lasting battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
ringing valume is lowREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent Phone in SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,4.0
awsmREAD MORE,5.0
"flipkart has done a great job ,the product is very good. samsung 1200 is a perfect and best keypad phoneREAD MORE",5.0
very badREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
really amazing product ðŸ’•ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
good and warthbleREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
"Wrost mobile, it has been dead after 10 months.READ MORE",1.0
What a nice phone.READ MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung phone better then other phonesREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goob phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very bad mobile duplicat samsung guru 1200 no workingREAD MORE,1.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent..READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
dublicate phone.....dnt take it's worst thing .......READ MORE,1.0
nice bacis phone & long lasting battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
ringing valume is lowREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent Phone in SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,4.0
nice phone.. battery is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good basic phoneREAD MORE,3.0
simple and best phone for calling.READ MORE,4.0
"nyc mobile and ,,awesome workREAD MORE",4.0
good phone to callREAD MORE,4.0
superrREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best Mobile & Sound clarity superb.Easy to carryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Worth For Money,Compact...READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this product. it's a 100% Defective  productREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Ya good but not a returnable item...so badREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Small budget good mobile only for comminicatio pupose. Better sbstitute for landline phone. Battery good.READ MORE,5.0
FineREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Good product but there is problem in battery.READ MORE,5.0
Nice.... Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Great product..... I have been using this for almost 5 years now...... No problems as yetREAD MORE,5.0
mobile damageREAD MORE,1.0
Not good product...READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
good.low price.. good productREAD MORE,5.0
good jobREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
niseREAD MORE,5.0
Great...READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best I love mobilREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone performanceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
verry good mobile and fast Delevary i am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
"This mobile is good,but battery service is very low.READ MORE",4.0
good itemREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Good product but there is problem in battery.READ MORE,5.0
Nice.... Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Great product..... I have been using this for almost 5 years now...... No problems as yetREAD MORE,5.0
mobile damageREAD MORE,1.0
Not good product...READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
good.low price.. good productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
Gd productREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
mast MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice product for less priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
very nice product....READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
it's ok not returnREAD MORE,1.0
Please solf my problem no working your productREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
superb mobile Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"nice phone, reasonable for price.Thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
good product ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice product,READ MORE",4.0
it is very useful to TelecallerREAD MORE,5.0
60%goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
googREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
that is awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product from SamsungREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
good quality.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,1.0
overall this is good product but price is high.READ MORE,5.0
SharpREAD MORE,4.0
nice product.READ MORE,4.0
Samsung features phone is just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very good for regular use best productREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Zabardast phone_Best for everyoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .... niceREAD MORE,5.0
brilliantREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
yet now performance is goodREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,4.0
"second hand ,used mobileREAD MORE",1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mob switch off many times automaticallyREAD MORE,3.0
very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good mobile..READ MORE,5.0
"very poor quality , voice issue is majorREAD MORE",1.0
nice good  with GreatFlipcartFasionWorld.READ MORE,5.0
dups and poor mobileREAD MORE,1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,3.0
light weight piece received comparison with market..READ MORE,3.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,5.0
letREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good phone in keypad phone.Samsung is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,3.0
it's good....READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,4.0
"second hand ,used mobileREAD MORE",1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mob switch off many times automaticallyREAD MORE,3.0
very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good mobile..READ MORE,5.0
"very poor quality , voice issue is majorREAD MORE",1.0
nice good  with GreatFlipcartFasionWorld.READ MORE,5.0
dups and poor mobileREAD MORE,1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,3.0
light weight piece received comparison with market..READ MORE,3.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
good workingREAD MORE,5.0
its waste of money getting repaired very soon like automatically getting off after 3 to 4 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
small product .while compared to other brands features are badREAD MORE,1.0
ok fineREAD MORE,4.0
good..READ MORE,4.0
very good product...READ MORE,5.0
best button mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nic told is goldREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.its owsomREAD MORE,5.0
good photoREAD MORE,5.0
TanksREAD MORE,5.0
this mobile drop so many times but mobile is so solidREAD MORE,4.0
Simply Good for daily use.READ MORE,4.0
Worth productREAD MORE,5.0
absolutely rightREAD MORE,5.0
Not good present this priceREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"dumchik phone,don't buy, don't waste your moneyREAD MORE",1.0
good MobilREAD MORE,5.0
The pad of the mobile is not good but overraly OK .READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good feature phone for working personal away from home never Gona miss a single callREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung guru 1200 Nice product i like.READ MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
SupprREAD MORE,5.0
okeyREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Charger is separate type that veri old type ...this one is not recommendedREAD MORE,1.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
old is goldREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nyzREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
i love flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"don't go for this with one reason.. that is charging port , type of charger is outdatedREAD MORE",3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
nice but price highREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
it's good device for Long time talking..battery is good and it's price worthy.it's look durable..you can buy it without any doubt..READ MORE,4.0
supperREAD MORE,5.0
okayREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
good ok but old stock.READ MORE,3.0
very nice phone Thanks FlipcartREAD MORE,5.0
quality totally changed ... when compare to old modelREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
The size of the mobile is very smaller than expected.READ MORE,1.0
Before i means in strtng my dad was using this cell... so i love the this phone also battery backup is very gud...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
good mobile SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
supar haiREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru 1200 phone everything is very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nyzREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
i love flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"don't go for this with one reason.. that is charging port , type of charger is outdatedREAD MORE",3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
nice but price highREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
wasteREAD MORE,1.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
everyone nose are old r godREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Best for phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Things are coolREAD MORE,4.0
super mobile so GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone for talkingREAD MORE,5.0
vary goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
supar haiREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru 1200 phone everything is very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
beutyfull mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice..READ MORE,4.0
Great product in this range.READ MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
The display of the mobile is too small otherwise its okay to useREAD MORE,1.0
phone is average... charging port is not good...READ MORE,1.0
Good pass vasoolREAD MORE,5.0
nice product....i love SAMSUNG....READ MORE,4.0
Best phone in keypad satREAD MORE,4.0
beutiful mobile and battery backup osmREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product ðŸ˜ŠðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobREAD MORE,4.0
worth moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Batery problemREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,2.0
This is one of the best mobile by samsung.Every think is best in this mobile.Thanks to samsung for thisREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent foneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for useREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
bad quailityREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good fone and betery is excellent backupREAD MORE,5.0
warking so goodREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung products always good worth buyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"ringtone only major problem, sounds less otherwise greatREAD MORE",4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
good product & quickly deliver to me..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice..READ MORE,4.0
Great product in this range.READ MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
The display of the mobile is too small otherwise its okay to useREAD MORE,1.0
phone is average... charging port is not good...READ MORE,1.0
Good pass vasoolREAD MORE,5.0
nice product....i love SAMSUNG....READ MORE,4.0
Best phone in keypad satREAD MORE,4.0
beutiful mobile and battery backup osmREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product ðŸ˜ŠðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobREAD MORE,4.0
worth moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Batery problemREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,2.0
This is one of the best mobile by samsung.Every think is best in this mobile.Thanks to samsung for thisREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent foneREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for useREAD MORE,5.0
wasteREAD MORE,1.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
bad in the terms of battery and automatic switched offREAD MORE,2.0
Old is definitely gold.READ MORE,5.0
nice product.READ MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BAD phoneREAD MORE,2.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's really superREAD MORE,5.0
well satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
mom like so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product at best price .READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
my mother in law is happy with the phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very poor quality of phone - almost no replacement policy by flipkart very bad online platformREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„READ MORE,5.0
bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent service and allover this product is superbREAD MORE,5.0
mobile is suparREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
worthyREAD MORE,5.0
wasteREAD MORE,1.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
bad in the terms of battery and automatic switched offREAD MORE,2.0
Old is definitely gold.READ MORE,5.0
nice product.READ MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BAD phoneREAD MORE,2.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good phone ruff  and tuffREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good product in this price.READ MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Just OKREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
my mother in law is happy with the phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very poor quality of phone - almost no replacement policy by flipkart very bad online platformREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„READ MORE,5.0
bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent service and allover this product is superbREAD MORE,5.0
mobile is suparREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best performance battery backup and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
It was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product from Samsung. Very nice product, handy & classic.Battery Backup is excellent.Worth of money.ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE",4.0
Good kwalityREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Great battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
good product and easily delivered to meREAD MORE,5.0
good battery life...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best price good quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.....READ MORE,4.0
good product.READ MORE,5.0
nice battery chargerREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
samsung makes best products always so this is a best product for samsung.READ MORE,5.0
it's very ossam phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
best phone for daily usesREAD MORE,5.0
supervREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
old is goldREAD MORE,4.0
Old is Always Gold ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
"nice one product, value of the money,READ MORE",5.0
after six months battery backup is very poor.READ MORE,3.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice phnREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
battery was low one daysREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superb productREAD MORE,5.0
good for my mother use this phone and happyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks.READ MORE,4.0
Samsung guru is Latest Phone bhaut axha Work krts hREAD MORE,4.0
value for money thanks for Flipkart big billion day 700READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best price good quality phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.....READ MORE,4.0
good product.READ MORE,5.0
nice battery chargerREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
samsung makes best products always so this is a best product for samsung.READ MORE,5.0
it's very ossam phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"delivery is excellent, delivery boy is very fastREAD MORE",5.0
#Nyc workingREAD MORE,5.0
calling is better mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
This phone is wowREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
battery was low one daysREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superb productREAD MORE,5.0
good for my mother use this phone and happyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks.READ MORE,4.0
Great !READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
phone is goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice responseREAD MORE,5.0
best in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobile in basic modelREAD MORE,5.0
Waste.READ MORE,2.0
battery pack up is not good pls don't purchase thisREAD MORE,1.0
Best quality productsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
This mobile battery is very good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Beautiful  phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good prudentREAD MORE,5.0
extremely superREAD MORE,5.0
GoofREAD MORE,5.0
very nice to useREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
phone is working very goodREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile thanks to filpkart...READ MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice setREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Defective product.READ MORE,1.0
good one ..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone ....must buyREAD MORE,4.0
great and efficientREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
genuine product.READ MORE,5.0
nice product hard body battery backup...osmREAD MORE,5.0
excellent!!!!!!!no words to say I have got it just for 760 bucks.unbelievable....thank you Flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
very nice mobile in basic modelREAD MORE,5.0
Waste.READ MORE,2.0
battery pack up is not good pls don't purchase thisREAD MORE,1.0
Best quality productsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
This mobile battery is very good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Beautiful  phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good prudentREAD MORE,5.0
extremely superREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Camera Quality is too Good ðŸ˜›READ MORE,5.0
slow soundREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent basic mobileREAD MORE,4.0
BEST EVER PERFORMS BY SAMSUNGâ˜†â˜†â˜†â˜†â˜†READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile in this range and battery backup also goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product sound quality are very lowREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product from SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Good Basic mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Great phone for kidsREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Defective product.READ MORE,1.0
good one ..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone ....must buyREAD MORE,4.0
great and efficientREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
genuine product.READ MORE,5.0
nice product hard body battery backup...osmREAD MORE,5.0
excellent!!!!!!!no words to say I have got it just for 760 bucks.unbelievable....thank you Flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
betterREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
great dealREAD MORE,5.0
goidREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Average phone for short workREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Camera Quality is too Good ðŸ˜›READ MORE,5.0
slow soundREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent basic mobileREAD MORE,4.0
BEST EVER PERFORMS BY SAMSUNGâ˜†â˜†â˜†â˜†â˜†READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile in this range and battery backup also goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product sound quality are very lowREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product from SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Good Basic mobileREAD MORE,3.0
for daily usedREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile and battery is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
really awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superior qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
it was good productREAD MORE,4.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
wowREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very good productfast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Genuine product..READ MORE,4.0
Battery backup is awesome and trendy mobile value for money.READ MORE,4.0
niz to useREAD MORE,4.0
Chip and Best Product from Samsung!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
aswome value for money productREAD MORE,4.0
Good for old age peopleREAD MORE,4.0
That is very bad and I hit itREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome mobile in low budgetREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
I thing good product and save moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
impressiveREAD MORE,5.0
it's very goodREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup 8READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery executive good communication with a smiley faceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bought for my grandma.. She's uneducated.. But can use the phone after proper instructions understood..READ MORE,5.0
SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
gud productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
excellent cellphoneREAD MORE,5.0
I am HappyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product...READ MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
good but not niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good OneREAD MORE,4.0
Easy to accessREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,4.0
"extra small one ,sizeREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Just Go For It ....READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup 8READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery executive good communication with a smiley faceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bought for my grandma.. She's uneducated.. But can use the phone after proper instructions understood..READ MORE,5.0
SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
gud productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
excellent cellphoneREAD MORE,5.0
I am HappyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product...READ MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
sorry to say... but have Some problems... we need to changeREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
my mom love itREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
good Flipkart support....READ MORE,5.0
excellent product....READ MORE,5.0
Audio jack point not availableOtherwise phone is goodREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"extra small one ,sizeREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
awesome device thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
batteryðŸ”‹ superREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice Mobile , Value For Money , Good OneREAD MORE",5.0
Nice phone recieved as new . Good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Its a nice phone for long conversation. Really liked it. Rated 5 out of 5READ MORE,5.0
It s very good product and battery backup also is goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
cost worthyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
super mobile Samsung guruREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
sorry to say... but have Some problems... we need to changeREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
my mom love itREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
good Flipkart support....READ MORE,5.0
excellent product....READ MORE,5.0
Audio jack point not availableOtherwise phone is goodREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice delivery nd productREAD MORE,5.0
SooooooperREAD MORE,5.0
"very good phone at low prices ,if you need phone for calls only and long last battery go for it.READ MORE",5.0
very good product Avon product very fast functionREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
This is the best phone battery and sound quality are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Gud productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
very useful for senior citizenREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but earphones is not with usREAD MORE,5.0
v.god phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
super mobile Samsung guruREAD MORE,4.0
battery performance is too good...READ MORE,4.0
not good not bed 50 -50READ MORE,4.0
coolREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very small size .headset cant insertREAD MORE,5.0
"Handy, easy for elder person.READ MORE",4.0
smartREAD MORE,4.0
thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart bole toh Paisa vasul. thank you Flipkart.ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„!READ MORE,1.0
good phone for callingREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
wasteREAD MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
After using one month the battery is vary bad..READ MORE,1.0
Nice purforms ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
worst pieceREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice but earphones is not with usREAD MORE,5.0
v.god phoneREAD MORE,5.0
thxREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
THIS PRODUCT WAS REALLY NICEREAD MORE,5.0
Very good thing and nice product...My YouTube channel name RAMJAN TECH PLEASE SUBSCRIBE KARDOREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Mobile... but Charger Pin and Headset pin is very different... we can't search this type of pinREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"nice phone, i purchased at 1249 but next day 1100.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Good working all weather phoneREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product....READ MORE,4.0
wasteREAD MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
After using one month the battery is vary bad..READ MORE,1.0
Nice purforms ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
worst pieceREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice.. Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
gootREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
very nice sumsung smart small keypad mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
worst phone but battery is goodREAD MORE,2.0
Best QualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"nice phone, i purchased at 1249 but next day 1100.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
nice but not hard so delicateREAD MORE,3.0
it's goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile phone priceREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Feature phone.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
happyREAD MORE,5.0
only for calling purposes very useful.   Battery charging is quick and long lasting.READ MORE,5.0
Thanku FilpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money..good products Samsung & good delivery flipcart...READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
super excitedREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜Žosm mbl for grandmotherREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
super.. must buyREAD MORE,5.0
super speecher phone..READ MORE,5.0
He is A very very best and good product mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good porfarmenshREAD MORE,5.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
simpleREAD MORE,5.0
first time I bought mobile in online shopping I fully satisfied fast delivery and good productREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
ultra good  I like FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
awesome ðŸ˜READ MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"The  mobile  have  not  worked propely, I think  the  value  for  the  money  is  totally  nullREAD MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good but I am your plus member and your delivery is so lateREAD MORE,5.0
its just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,3.0
super bREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product. thanks Ekart for best delivery.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
owesome mobile phone for callingREAD MORE,5.0
very nice.....READ MORE,5.0
after using for a month it's microphone stops workingREAD MORE,1.0
bad productREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
It's too good..chumu..READ MORE,5.0
Not working very bad product by flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Battary not workingREAD MORE,4.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ultra good  I like FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
awesome ðŸ˜READ MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice poneREAD MORE,5.0
it's network is too slow ðŸ˜£READ MORE,2.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
One of the good and best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
this phone is very durable anda perfect pick for rough useREAD MORE,4.0
super Sir jiREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
speaker not working uselessðŸ‘ŽREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
osom phone Love you SamsungðŸ˜ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
simpleREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
super phone ..... handle smooth and nice colour .and looks  tqs to flip cartREAD MORE,5.0
after using for a month it's microphone stops workingREAD MORE,1.0
bad productREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
It's too good..chumu..READ MORE,5.0
Not working very bad product by flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Battary not workingREAD MORE,4.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
osm phone and camera quality is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"super mobile , go for itREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
This phone I bought June 2019 after 2 months its not workingREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Fantastic battery life...just buy it product is awesome...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very gud product must buy itREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobilREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
speaker not working uselessðŸ‘ŽREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
osom phone Love you SamsungðŸ˜ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PHONE ARE LONGER BATTERY GOOD FOR VALUEREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone according to the priceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
best product..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup 1 hourREAD MORE,1.0
Bettry not workingREAD MORE,3.0
Nice & Excellent in serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
just its basic handsetREAD MORE,1.0
very niceREAD MORE,3.0
Useful mobile for calling with strong battery power. But charging and earphone jack is same.READ MORE,5.0
nice mini mobileREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nicely betterREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Display gone suddenly..READ MORE,2.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
this phone is adome i am satisfy. thank filpcartREAD MORE,3.0
best phone for peace loving personsREAD MORE,5.0
very fast delivery I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
best experience ever thanks samsungREAD MORE,5.0
super quality and battery back up is so niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile and good noiseREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone but it's very tiny.READ MORE,3.0
nice product i am happyREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phonesREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
BETTERREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice & Excellent in serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
just its basic handsetREAD MORE,1.0
very niceREAD MORE,3.0
Useful mobile for calling with strong battery power. But charging and earphone jack is same.READ MORE,5.0
nice mini mobileREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nicely betterREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
"super product at this price,also the battery backup is nice,you should go for itREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super keypad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
smart phoneREAD MORE,5.0
such an awesome phone for regular purposeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung is bestREAD MORE,5.0
as usual... it's Samsung's feature!ðŸ¥°ðŸ¥°READ MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
i buyed this phone last month m really very Happy with this productif u are thinking to buy then surely  buy.READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile and good service in FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Good as we expectedREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
BETTERREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Superb handset for small use and better battery performanceREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good luckREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I m very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
"super product at this price,also the battery backup is nice,you should go for itREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super keypad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productðŸ™‚READ MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
This set is always bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best value for money basic phoneREAD MORE,1.0
very good product...in 1100/-onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Go for the Mind-blowing black one.. it's for Work purposes.. not for entertainment..READ MORE,5.0
Software issues not working properlyREAD MORE,2.0
amazing qualityREAD MORE,5.0
It is  a small mobile and good for all of uREAD MORE,5.0
awesome performedREAD MORE,4.0
very nice performedREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
very nice this mobile Samsung guru 1200READ MORE,5.0
nice battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
These phone has no speed dial option no. 5 and 9 will be emergency call so please check and do the needfulREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung guru 1200 is a good keypad phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"all over good as expected, but small display,and some scratches on backside..READ MORE",3.0
Good product by SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Small and niceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
call & network's very nice product Betty beckap so highREAD MORE,4.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
service ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
durable phone i like itREAD MORE,4.0
not good packing very bad not sefty I don't likeREAD MORE,1.0
good priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome good battery packup &performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
mobile is pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
Gud productREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money product.READ MORE,5.0
very bad mobile it is destroyed after 1 monthREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice this mobile Samsung guru 1200READ MORE,5.0
nice battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
These phone has no speed dial option no. 5 and 9 will be emergency call so please check and do the needfulREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung guru 1200 is a good keypad phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"all over good as expected, but small display,and some scratches on backside..READ MORE",3.0
Good product by SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Small and niceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
call & network's very nice product Betty beckap so highREAD MORE,4.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
service ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
durable phone i like itREAD MORE,4.0
not good packing very bad not sefty I don't likeREAD MORE,1.0
good priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome good battery packup &performanceREAD MORE,3.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
mobile is pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
Gud productREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money product.READ MORE,5.0
very bad mobile it is destroyed after 1 monthREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
valuableREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
evergreenREAD MORE,4.0
samsung guru 1200 is good productREAD MORE,5.0
Such a cute phone to talk... But the drawback is.... It doesn't have earphone facility... It it was there... It would be the best phone for just chatting and talking....READ MORE,5.0
valuable productREAD MORE,5.0
Good very good very very good.READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Audio sound is not good.READ MORE,3.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
VERY GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice. I like this type of phone. easy to use.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"superb thanks flipkart, nice productREAD MORE",5.0
nyc mobileREAD MORE,5.0
best phone in low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money mobile phone , good for secondary usageREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Charger problemREAD MORE,2.0
good phone paise vasoollREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good proformance mobile phone.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's not a perfect productREAD MORE,1.0
evergreenREAD MORE,4.0
samsung guru 1200 is good productREAD MORE,5.0
Such a cute phone to talk... But the drawback is.... It doesn't have earphone facility... It it was there... It would be the best phone for just chatting and talking....READ MORE,5.0
valuable productREAD MORE,5.0
Good very good very very good.READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Audio sound is not good.READ MORE,3.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
niceeeeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
I am impressed the mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
amazingREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SprREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good!!!READ MORE,5.0
to goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice feature phoneðŸ“±ðŸ“ž very fastðŸš€ðŸƒ deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product for my motherREAD MORE,5.0
it's good mobile easy to use andthanks for Flipkart team keep it upREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
No1 KEYPAD MOBILEREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's look good.READ MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
this is just owoo great product socho mat khareed loREAD MORE,5.0
amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice user face to old people.READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
To good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for calling onlyREAD MORE,4.0
good yrREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Im vry happy ds mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good!!!READ MORE,5.0
to goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice feature phoneðŸ“±ðŸ“ž very fastðŸš€ðŸƒ deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product for my motherREAD MORE,5.0
it's good mobile easy to use andthanks for Flipkart team keep it upREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
No1 KEYPAD MOBILEREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's look good.READ MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
this is just owoo great product socho mat khareed loREAD MORE,5.0
amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice user face to old people.READ MORE,4.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Mobile.....READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
very bad mob not useful.waste of money I want to returnREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product. In ordinary handset , it is very nice to use.READ MORE",5.0
good MobaileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
good! not badREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
super delivery with best product.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good iteam  good cost... SotubualREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice service and adorable conduct of the Flipkart representative.Glad to be with you.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
excellent battery life it's a no nonsense phone. single sim and Absolutely no need to charge for 4 days with reasonable talktimeREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
I am satisfied with its performance.READ MORE,4.0
it is amazing phone good looking light weightcomfortable keysREAD MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
it's okayREAD MORE,2.0
very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product..READ MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
its worst mobile i ever sean before....battery is very very worst...you can just avoid this mobile and save your money...READ MORE,1.0
good phone for rough and tough use.READ MORE,5.0
It's very nice phone it's battery works 3 days once we charged it full I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Must productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
cholbeREAD MORE,4.0
good product with less priceREAD MORE,5.0
just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
very very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is copyREAD MORE,3.0
Nice modelREAD MORE,5.0
nice productmoney valuableREAD MORE,5.0
worth for the amountREAD MORE,4.0
it's okayREAD MORE,2.0
very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product..READ MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
its worst mobile i ever sean before....battery is very very worst...you can just avoid this mobile and save your money...READ MORE,1.0
good phone for rough and tough use.READ MORE,5.0
It's very nice phone it's battery works 3 days once we charged it full I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Must productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
cholbeREAD MORE,4.0
good product with less priceREAD MORE,5.0
just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
very very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is copyREAD MORE,3.0
Nice modelREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good 1.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
too much bugsREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
It's products is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"it was good. but i can't purchase any other product from flipcart. if I select to purchase a product, then I see the message that it is currently out of stock from my location. if I see one product out of stock I can understand it is normally out of stock. but recently one week I see all product out of stock from my area. one week before I cancelled a product. after that I see that messegeREAD MORE",4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodðŸ˜›READ MORE,5.0
Samsung you are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
neec productREAD MORE,4.0
this is very good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good.READ MORE,5.0
sound is not good and ringtone and calls volume to lowREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone with good priceREAD MORE,5.0
very bad after 1 month phone was not working..READ MORE,1.0
Really Awesome ProductREAD MORE,5.0
It'g good phone in low budget for easy use of aged people...READ MORE,5.0
Samsung guru ok. but my suggestions you buy Samsung music phone.READ MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Best keypad phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good 1.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
too much bugsREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
It's products is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"it was good. but i can't purchase any other product from flipcart. if I select to purchase a product, then I see the message that it is currently out of stock from my location. if I see one product out of stock I can understand it is normally out of stock. but recently one week I see all product out of stock from my area. one week before I cancelled a product. after that I see that messegeREAD MORE",4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodðŸ˜›READ MORE,5.0
Samsung you are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
neec productREAD MORE,4.0
this is very good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good.READ MORE,5.0
sound is not good and ringtone and calls volume to lowREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Great phone with good priceREAD MORE,5.0
very bad after 1 month phone was not working..READ MORE,1.0
Really Awesome ProductREAD MORE,5.0
It'g good phone in low budget for easy use of aged people...READ MORE,5.0
Samsung guru ok. but my suggestions you buy Samsung music phone.READ MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
but  headset facility  is not havingREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice superrrðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
good product value for money......................READ MORE,5.0
good product but battery performance lowREAD MORE,5.0
It's a very good mobile & i like itREAD MORE,5.0
fastest delivery by flipkart boy.... love with this Mobile.... must buy itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
ringing noise too lowREAD MORE,4.0
Switch off all the timeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
This mobile is very good.Voice call is goodREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile with lit battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
awsm product....good QualityREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"very good mobile, thanks FlipcartREAD MORE",4.0
Great product..thanku Samsung and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
technical problems while receiving call... worst product... Nokia is the best under the same range....READ MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"phone is so much of nice as compare price , just only charging pin is not good bcoz its different from other phone pin.READ MORE",5.0
BastREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
v goodREAD MORE,4.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
better phon other phonesREAD MORE,5.0
good MobileREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
it is a very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good morningREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
nice  i love itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
battery very niceREAD MORE,5.0
good product... worth moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
The best simple phone..ðŸ‘ðŸ’¯READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile, value for money Thank you FPREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
This mobile is very good.Voice call is goodREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile with lit battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
awsm product....good QualityREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"very good mobile, thanks FlipcartREAD MORE",4.0
Great product..thanku Samsung and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
tqREAD MORE,5.0
Battery capacity is excellent and condition of mobile is also good.....READ MORE,4.0
OSMREAD MORE,4.0
best phone forever for calling only.READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone for Calling and smsREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent quality deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Sonu bajajREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
This Mobile is very good ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ðŸ‘Œ.osamREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery....got it by the next day itself...thanksREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's does have a camera and memory card slotREAD MORE,5.0
you are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
bad mobile. don't bayREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Super Excellent thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Long life productðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone for jee aspirants Least distractionREAD MORE,5.0
Love you Samsung.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
tqREAD MORE,5.0
Battery capacity is excellent and condition of mobile is also good.....READ MORE,4.0
OSMREAD MORE,4.0
best phone forever for calling only.READ MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone for Calling and smsREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent quality deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Sonu bajajREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
This Mobile is very good ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ðŸ‘Œ.osamREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery....got it by the next day itself...thanksREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's does have a camera and memory card slotREAD MORE,5.0
you are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
bad mobile. don't bayREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Super Excellent thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Long life productðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Really good Product.READ MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
the bestREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product.easy to use.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I brought this mobile tried to use but speaker was not good and can't able to hear anything. I replaced this mobile with same GURI1200 but 2nd piece too having similar problem. I fed up and lost money simply.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,4.0
good salesmanREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
normal samsung is goodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
best phone in low priceREAD MORE,4.0
awesome mobile... battery backup is very good...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best dumb phone to have while world is going after smartphone.READ MORE,5.0
Best dumb phone to have while world is going crazy about smart phone.READ MORE,5.0
good product..READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
better one ðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
best keypadphonREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a basic phoneREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone MST buyREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
very good small n beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
"Seems tiny, feels light, but does a great job...READ MORE",5.0
verry good product ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
good productgREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
normal samsung is goodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
best phone in low priceREAD MORE,4.0
awesome mobile... battery backup is very good...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best dumb phone to have while world is going after smartphone.READ MORE,5.0
Best dumb phone to have while world is going crazy about smart phone.READ MORE,5.0
good product..READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
better one ðŸ™‚READ MORE,5.0
best keypadphonREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a basic phoneREAD MORE,2.0
nice phonREAD MORE,5.0
good product and fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"it's beauuutiifullllll, the color is mesmerizing, but i still gave 4 stars, cause the FM is missing, no FM ...???? HOW....??? WHY.....??? earphones ....nope.... charging port is not conventional, can be charged only through the provided one, i miss the days when the keypad phones were like ....something.... i so wish this product had its current appearance with all the ""before"" features, would ve paid a little more.... maybe... :PREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobiles and lookREAD MORE,5.0
very good product iam happy thanks To Flipkart TeamREAD MORE,5.0
Best mobile and battery by priceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good productgREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile with very nice budget and batteryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best phone in reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
sema phoneREAD MORE,4.0
nice battery pickupREAD MORE,5.0
"excellent product, and service with Flipkart. keep it upREAD MORE",5.0
Nice  PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Simply niceREAD MORE,5.0
low price nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best feature phone in marketREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice pr6READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phonREAD MORE,5.0
good product and fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"it's beauuutiifullllll, the color is mesmerizing, but i still gave 4 stars, cause the FM is missing, no FM ...???? HOW....??? WHY.....??? earphones ....nope.... charging port is not conventional, can be charged only through the provided one, i miss the days when the keypad phones were like ....something.... i so wish this product had its current appearance with all the ""before"" features, would ve paid a little more.... maybe... :PREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobiles and lookREAD MORE,5.0
very good product iam happy thanks To Flipkart TeamREAD MORE,5.0
simpal mobile phone long battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Its AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
very  goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
it's a best phone for talk time you can listen voice is very clearREAD MORE,5.0
easy way 100 vasul tgahnk you e kartwell deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
excel2READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
so niceREAD MORE,5.0
super quality I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
"Price is little high, but product is goodREAD MORE",3.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
nice and good quality mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
return correct timeREAD MORE,5.0
"that's really awesome,  you can have it .I love this phone . And one thing the service is too good ,my product arrived in no time.Thnku so muchREAD MORE",5.0
best for only callingREAD MORE,4.0
Not bad.READ MORE,4.0
superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
it's goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ProductREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
nice... too frist delivery..ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„READ MORE,5.0
Value of every penny spentREAD MORE,4.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very nice ðŸ‘Œ mobile from Samsung.long lasting battery.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
good phone for basic use..READ MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
heavy dutyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
easy way 100 vasul tgahnk you e kartwell deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
excel2READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
so niceREAD MORE,5.0
super quality I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
"Price is little high, but product is goodREAD MORE",3.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
nice and good quality mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Product is good in this money price.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good service....Flipkart... Good product...READ MORE,5.0
compact & niceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Ok exlentREAD MORE,3.0
good itemsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc product.....READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very nice ðŸ‘Œ mobile from Samsung.long lasting battery.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
good phone for basic use..READ MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
heavy dutyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
please don't purchase this productREAD MORE,2.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
it's goodREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
ok is good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Product is good in this money price.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good service....Flipkart... Good product...READ MORE,5.0
compact & niceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Ok exlentREAD MORE,3.0
good itemsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc product.....READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,3.0
good producedREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good quality and very best for regular usesREAD MORE,5.0
This is simply budget mobile. Its working condition is good. Delivery is very well.READ MORE,5.0
really superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
very bedREAD MORE,4.0
it's very light weight that is what is good about the productREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice!! Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
NYC product ....I love itREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile phone. Simple ...good for voice callREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phonREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
it's genuine.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product... satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Gorgeous mobile phone for calling and messaging.READ MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
good okREAD MORE,5.0
Basic Mobile AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Very good phone .must buy...READ MORE,5.0
lovely but not camera.READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung bar mobile is such a nice mobile if the mobile is fall into the earth the mobile will be fine.READ MORE,3.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
very good phone for momsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Voice breakREAD MORE,2.0
zeroREAD MORE,5.0
suprb productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Poor soundREAD MORE,2.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
extraordinary mobile for parents purpose..READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
favours battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
nice yarREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best product from Samsung mobi88READ MORE,5.0
Very good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
This is awesome mobile supperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone for rough useREAD MORE,4.0
just wowREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Quick service .Well done..READ MORE,5.0
product is good also value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile with in this price..READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
very good product.price for money.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Poor soundREAD MORE,2.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
extraordinary mobile for parents purpose..READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
favours battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
nice yarREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best product from Samsung mobi88READ MORE,5.0
Very good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
This is awesome mobile supperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone for rough useREAD MORE,4.0
just wowREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone....Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Great itemREAD MORE,5.0
Back side damaged..READ MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very comfortable using and 6 or 7 days stay for one time charged.thank youREAD MORE,5.0
average productREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Power fullREAD MORE,5.0
"sound is not loud enough , everything else is good as price point.READ MORE",4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Switch off immediately after switch on...READ MORE,1.0
simple use onlyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good but display is small & single simREAD MORE,4.0
Superb..READ MORE,4.0
greatREAD MORE,4.0
value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone....Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Great itemREAD MORE,5.0
ossomREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SAMSUNG GURU 1200 PURCHASED ON 7TH JULY 2019 IS FOUND DEFECTIVE.THE DISPLAY IS NOT COMING. PLEASE REPLACE THE SAMEREAD MORE,1.0
too good ...m more happy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
It's the best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Rear body cover luseREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in its price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
"sound is not loud enough , everything else is good as price point.READ MORE",4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
too small in sizeREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
"No earphone, no headset.... It's very uselessREAD MORE",1.0
One of the worse item.READ MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile in thise priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile in thise priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome .. worth for money..READ MORE,5.0
goodðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ mobileREAD MORE,5.0
thank youREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
Super Performance.. Rs.1100.. And No Cost EMI.. Bajaj Card..READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
"superb products , thankyou flipcort.READ MORE",5.0
Very fast delivery thanks flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
it's awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...READ MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very poor quality...  if someone calls even we can't hear properly.. n network issue.. not worth for the money.. don't buy this mobile..READ MORE,1.0
super handsetREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Worst piece in FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
worthyREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in its price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone to useREAD MORE,5.0
i like mobile love thisREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product with less cost. battery Life time was awesome.READ MORE,5.0
The product is not satisfactry....it is a condomn mobile set....always keep bibrate and the light of display is always on....it is very badREAD MORE,1.0
so niceREAD MORE,5.0
best key pad mobile in low priceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
product is very good ðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
best phone at this rate...supeerREAD MORE,5.0
worthyREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD EXPERINCEREAD MORE,5.0
to gud productsREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't expect too much. it's a feature phone. just you can call , answer calls. but it's a great value for money. quality is good. I bought this as my previous phone was also this oneREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
very good.....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Battery is getting discharged in 1 hour even after full rechargeREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
The best product.READ MORE,5.0
nice.. looking goodREAD MORE,5.0
best purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Micro USB charging point is missing. Rest mobile is good.READ MORE,4.0
waste this product now a daysREAD MORE,2.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
Absolutely Nice Phone !!!!READ MORE,4.0
badREAD MORE,1.0
good prdacktREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is ok but the thing is there is no head set option alsoREAD MORE,4.0
battery backup is very lowREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Battery backup is good and nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
I love this product and flipkart is very good for fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
ordinary mobile with no camera no storage that's what I needed as per my official requirements but phone is not that durable.. if by mistake fall by ur hands it ripped apart evrytime also evrytime u need to reset the date and time when battery dettached.. also single sim and old big sim to fit into slotREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Battery is getting discharged in 1 hour even after full rechargeREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
The best product.READ MORE,5.0
nice.. looking goodREAD MORE,5.0
best purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Micro USB charging point is missing. Rest mobile is good.READ MORE,4.0
waste this product now a daysREAD MORE,2.0
so good phone... love itðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
just okREAD MORE,2.0
superb...READ MORE,5.0
this product is arlficalREAD MORE,1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Charging probREAD MORE,4.0
much needed phone for office useREAD MORE,5.0
happy with FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice prodect .. and upereb...READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good helpful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome delivery for FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
wonderful product and the services given by the flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
this phone quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
chief and best...READ MORE,3.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice feature phoneGood call sounds loud and clearREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
sim is not  supportedREAD MORE,1.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
Very bad mobileREAD MORE,1.0
no providing earphonesREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone Compact lookREAD MORE,4.0
nice to see youREAD MORE,5.0
very old model and chargaer is also differentREAD MORE,2.0
much needed phone for office useREAD MORE,5.0
happy with FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice prodect .. and upereb...READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good helpful mobileREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome delivery for FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
wonderful product and the services given by the flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
it is best simple phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
New and original product Deliver by flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"very good product, happy for having itðŸ˜€ðŸ˜€READ MORE",5.0
"charger pin is not comfortable  with current trend you need carry charger with u because u can, not charge with others charger like oppo vivo.READ MORE",1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product in this price range with Samsung brandingREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile. I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
"good , satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
master of all mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good dealREAD MORE,5.0
good product in reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. Delivery is very good.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"small   mobile , eacy use  ,  good batteryREAD MORE",4.0
this is best deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice...READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobile.READ MORE,4.0
nice colourREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 3READ MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"charger pin is not comfortable  with current trend you need carry charger with u because u can, not charge with others charger like oppo vivo.READ MORE",1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product in this price range with Samsung brandingREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile. I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
"good , satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
master of all mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good dealREAD MORE,5.0
good product in reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. Delivery is very good.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"small   mobile , eacy use  ,  good batteryREAD MORE",4.0
this is best deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice...READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobile.READ MORE,4.0
nice colourREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 3READ MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goooodREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good product ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile with this amountREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Problem in voice while callingREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
happyREAD MORE,5.0
great phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
make noise when not in use like beep beepREAD MORE,1.0
very good and genuine productREAD MORE,5.0
excellent mobileREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice...READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
so very very nice this productsREAD MORE,5.0
very good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
not good  and not badREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ‘ðŸ˜‡ðŸ‘goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
all over good product....I gift to my dadREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
my favorite mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
this mobile good for this price range...READ MORE,4.0
good item----READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile with this amountREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Problem in voice while callingREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
happyREAD MORE,5.0
great phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
make noise when not in use like beep beepREAD MORE,1.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
great phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Aswam productREAD MORE,5.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
good for talking.READ MORE,3.0
very good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
not good  and not badREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ‘ðŸ˜‡ðŸ‘goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
all over good product....I gift to my dadREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice....READ MORE,5.0
overall fairREAD MORE,3.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
best in priceREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
betterREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Valuable for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
use full productREAD MORE,5.0
Very long battery life.READ MORE,4.0
Value for money...I like itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
always perfect easilyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good product in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good features phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superrREAD MORE,4.0
usefulREAD MORE,5.0
Replace ment complete h good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product nice parformREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
fabulous  product.  the best gift for my  MOMREAD MORE,5.0
nyc phnREAD MORE,5.0
good for calling  easyREAD MORE,5.0
best phonrREAD MORE,5.0
Good product....READ MORE,5.0
osm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Good mobile at lower cost,Battery back up is very nice.I am satisfied with this product.Thank you flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
it's good productREAD MORE,5.0
aswmREAD MORE,4.0
waste of money very bad and 3cls mobile dnt purches this mobileREAD MORE,1.0
super producttq Flipcard  custmerREAD MORE,5.0
betterREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
very amazingREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
gud oneREAD MORE,5.0
Battery talktime is not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good phone. worths for money...READ MORE,4.0
good dealREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"it is a very good product..I use it 10days,very good product, battery performance is 2good.. thanks Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
good for studentsREAD MORE,4.0
Very good deviceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent..READ MORE,5.0
nice battery it's a calling phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
samsung is samsung. there is no talk.READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
best phonrREAD MORE,5.0
Good product....READ MORE,5.0
osm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Good mobile at lower cost,Battery back up is very nice.I am satisfied with this product.Thank you flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
it's good productREAD MORE,5.0
aswmREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice product ....READ MORE,5.0
No earphone facility worst productREAD MORE,1.0
good product and good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very poor product. don't purchase it.READ MORE,1.0
one of the best mobile in SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very good mobile in this rate.READ MORE,5.0
"it is a very good product..I use it 10days,very good product, battery performance is 2good.. thanks Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
good for studentsREAD MORE,4.0
Very good deviceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent..READ MORE,5.0
nice battery it's a calling phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
all time good... mobile.READ MORE,5.0
best for economy priceREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very coll and very beautiful productREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Super delivery and good condition of material,you have dileverdREAD MORE",5.0
Mobile is very excellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good .READ MORE,2.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
nyc good productREAD MORE,4.0
NYC PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy product. Ideal for basic use mREAD MORE,5.0
gud jobREAD MORE,5.0
one of the best mobile in SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product low price in SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Looking so nice... Battery is good. I m satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
best phone of the yearREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for talking longer.READ MORE,5.0
phone is good but size is too smallREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Phone good but charger different all other chargersREAD MORE,4.0
can be better!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
so goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SatisifiedREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice but its not a dual simREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice good performed phone. full vasuli of full paisa. Value for money. Very fast delivery.READ MORE,5.0
sorryREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone in this budget. Most usefull for senior citizens..READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product....READ MORE,5.0
sound quality is not up to mark.  overall ok.READ MORE,3.0
nice mobile & timely deliveredREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very nice mobile love it Samsung thanks you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product thanks flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
phone's quality is very good!READ MORE,4.0
Bast phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"waste of money, not worthREAD MORE",1.0
nicREAD MORE,5.0
exlentREAD MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Simply superrrrrr and excellentREAD MORE,5.0
very nice...go for itREAD MORE,4.0
good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Phone good but charger different all other chargersREAD MORE,4.0
can be better!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
so goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
it's good and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
tqREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile & timely deliveredREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very nice mobile love it Samsung thanks you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product thanks flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
phone's quality is very good!READ MORE,4.0
Bast phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"waste of money, not worthREAD MORE",1.0
nicREAD MORE,5.0
exlentREAD MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
best phone.READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
this is a very good phone. I like to use these types of Samsung ph.READ MORE,5.0
good feature phone for normal useREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
good product.READ MORE,4.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
superbbbbbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
exlent productsREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,2.0
tqREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good chargeREAD MORE,4.0
nice workREAD MORE,5.0
"Not good as old Samsung guru 1200 ie., accessories of mobile quality not strongREAD MORE",3.0
I am not satisfied with product.. worst productREAD MORE,1.0
This product is very durable and is very handyREAD MORE,5.0
Pls. Dont buy. Very low volume. Ring volume cannot be increased.READ MORE,1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very fast delivery thanks to flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
GoodThanks ekartREAD MORE,5.0
nice product and long time batteryREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone with low priceREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good but i have sujjest to purchage (samsung guru 1200 fm) three reasons 1 Charging port2 Ear Phone3 FmREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product 100%.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good looking and very niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
value for money correct choice for users 9.5/10READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Just okREAD MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Super ...READ MORE,5.0
Samsung Mobile  Is Best Charging  Back Up and Good Looking.  .READ MORE,5.0
nice phone and simpleREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
really nice productREAD MORE,5.0
it's has no camerabt battery backup fantasticdisplay tuff ndit's available on less priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good phone... nice sound quality,easy accessREAD MORE",5.0
Thanks to flipkart for fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"a phone just for calling and texting, this is the one for youREAD MORE",4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
GodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent...value for money..worth buying..must buy this phone if u want to have a phone which is simole to carry..with super battery..superbREAD MORE,5.0
Died aveREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery  issue automatic restartREAD MORE,1.0
solid mobile for callingREAD MORE,5.0
Screen issue as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
xlentREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
vested appREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
always in LoveREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product thanks flibkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
gr8 choiceREAD MORE,5.0
Betray back up is very badREAD MORE,1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Super ...READ MORE,5.0
Samsung Mobile  Is Best Charging  Back Up and Good Looking.  .READ MORE,5.0
nice phone and simpleREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
really nice productREAD MORE,5.0
it's has no camerabt battery backup fantasticdisplay tuff ndit's available on less priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good phone... nice sound quality,easy accessREAD MORE",5.0
Thanks to flipkart for fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
We revcieved the phone in good condition nice mobile lik it very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Verry nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good basic model phoneREAD MORE,5.0
owsmREAD MORE,3.0
nice product  thank you so much flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
over all goodREAD MORE,4.0
best basic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good phone and delivered on timeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
xlentREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
vested appREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
always in LoveREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product thanks flibkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
gr8 choiceREAD MORE,5.0
Betray back up is very badREAD MORE,1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
all my fav Samsung guruREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Gud according to requirementsREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent ProductREAD MORE,4.0
low valuemREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Super budget phoneREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
This Phone is Value of MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mobile and super serviceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
over all goodREAD MORE,4.0
best basic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
useful in service placesREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in Keypad.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goods phoneREAD MORE,4.0
very good ðŸ‘ðŸ‘Œ Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
great battery and performanceREAD MORE,5.0
brought it for my mom and she is really happy...READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
best for features fonsREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,3.0
Call quality is very nice battery backup is outstanding . I use rhis phone for backup device when i am on travel my primary phone is let down then this helps me to connect my relatives.READ MORE,4.0
only 989READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
So kuit Mobile It is very niceREAD MORE,3.0
it's good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
very good thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"nice one....4g sim doesnâ€™t work,especially JIO..but apart from that - awesome mobileREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice SuperbBut No Camera And MusicREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
good mobailREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
perfect love thisðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goods phoneREAD MORE,4.0
very good ðŸ‘ðŸ‘Œ Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
great battery and performanceREAD MORE,5.0
brought it for my mom and she is really happy...READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
best for features fonsREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,3.0
Call quality is very nice battery backup is outstanding . I use rhis phone for backup device when i am on travel my primary phone is let down then this helps me to connect my relatives.READ MORE,4.0
only 989READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
So kuit Mobile It is very niceREAD MORE,3.0
it's good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobilREAD MORE,4.0
Do not buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good for callingperfect batteryREAD MORE,5.0
nice phnREAD MORE,5.0
it is good but it's only single sim and it's performance is good but its display is very little...READ MORE,3.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileGood service by flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice Phone.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
OkkREAD MORE,5.0
value of money and good condition mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery... Good quality phone...READ MORE,5.0
Good phone as basic model....READ MORE,5.0
nice setREAD MORE,5.0
good simple phoneREAD MORE,5.0
value for money and the battery backup is also good.READ MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
very good mobile you can not think and also battery is goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very nic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"nice quality phone, this price, good for only talkingREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's very good productREAD MORE,5.0
superb value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Average in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good for callingperfect batteryREAD MORE,5.0
nice phnREAD MORE,5.0
it is good but it's only single sim and it's performance is good but its display is very little...READ MORE,3.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileGood service by flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice Phone.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice.. battery backup is owsome...READ MORE,5.0
Nice Keypad phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome mobile under 1.1kREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Just awsome for battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sim IC problem many Sims are deadREAD MORE,1.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
A low usage that a gud one.READ MORE,5.0
best phone with single sim slot and good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
best Feature phone everREAD MORE,4.0
Good product but delivery is to late...!READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Battery backup Very nice product thank you so much FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Always niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone . battery back up is nice long time useREAD MORE,5.0
xllentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,3.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile i love samsungREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mini budget mobile for old age people...very nice to use....READ MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice.. battery backup is owsome...READ MORE,5.0
Nice Keypad phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome mobile under 1.1kREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Just awsome for battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
after complition of fully charging battery automatic show low batteryREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best thanks flipkart ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜˜ðŸ˜READ MORE,5.0
nice mobREAD MORE,5.0
nice and usefull.READ MORE,4.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good OneREAD MORE,5.0
Number one productREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Noce productREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
VERY NICEREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
good but camera not goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GUDREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
3rd class MBLREAD MORE,5.0
super phREAD MORE,4.0
I phone 07...I want online by filpcart so good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product.READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice keypad phone in affordable price.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Lowest price good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money....My grandmother using this phone 6 years...No problem detected.....Don't bother about price...it's worthable and long lasting phone...everTnq flipkart...Tnq samsungREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good phone for  battery back up.READ MORE,5.0
it's very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile good paking thanku filpcart super phone gift my momREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
gud keypad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice product I likeREAD MORE,5.0
good . go for itREAD MORE,4.0
mobile is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
good but camera not goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GUDREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
3rd class MBLREAD MORE,5.0
super phREAD MORE,4.0
I phone 07...I want online by filpcart so good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product.READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice keypad phone in affordable price.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Lowest price good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money....My grandmother using this phone 6 years...No problem detected.....Don't bother about price...it's worthable and long lasting phone...everTnq flipkart...Tnq samsungREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good phone for  battery back up.READ MORE,5.0
it's very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
really owsomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
delivary is good..... thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Product is excellent....but charger should be universal...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very worst mobile the size of the mobile was very tiny not worth for money don't buy this mobileREAD MORE,2.0
it's very nice product.READ MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BEST MOBILE PHONE VERY GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
sound it to lowREAD MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
At 1100 it's good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
sound quality is poor.specially ringtone.READ MORE,3.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobile for this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Easy to handle for parentsREAD MORE,4.0
very good phone chif & westREAD MORE,5.0
nceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
really owsomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
This Samsung Guru is very good Phone so smooth working and so long time this phone workREAD MORE,3.0
"I am not satisfied with this item, the both speaker is not working properly. I want to return this item.READ MORE",1.0
Good but sound lowREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
satisfied productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone for heavy calling use .READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BEST MOBILE PHONE VERY GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
Nice handling to use this mobileREAD MORE,5.0
it's OKREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung guru 1200 is goodREAD MORE,5.0
wowREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nycccc I like itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobilesREAD MORE,5.0
osm product.. ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
aweaome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phone for heavy calling use .READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
WasteREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice to seeREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
v.goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Best product is samsung brandsREAD MORE,4.0
Good product but not worth of priceREAD MORE,5.0
super working and packing also thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobile for aged people strong outer bodyREAD MORE,5.0
too good.....READ MORE,4.0
good luckREAD MORE,4.0
smallREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobilesREAD MORE,5.0
osm product.. ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
aweaome mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good luck to youREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
nic phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Calls not clear while talkingREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good produt.READ MORE,5.0
that's good Mobile...READ MORE,5.0
A phone callREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung always goodREAD MORE,5.0
Gd mobileREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best online shopping appREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good basic phone.READ MORE,4.0
voice some time not clear...READ MORE,1.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Really awesome same as like picture. Awesome mobile in low budget.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
I can't speak about this phone .bettry charge is long time .it is very good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ‘Œvery good. I really like itðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good luck to youREAD MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
nic phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Calls not clear while talkingREAD MORE,1.0
super mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
it's good for heavy users...READ MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good cheeeeeappppREAD MORE,1.0
nice experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Awosome. product  and nice  cloureREAD MORE,5.0
Please dont buy itREAD MORE,1.0
Everything is good only the charging type is very Rare to find . You have to carry your charger wherever you go.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good fetcher phone thanks for flipcart.READ MORE,5.0
Old is GoldREAD MORE,5.0
likeREAD MORE,5.0
okkkREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
i like it ðŸ’œâ¤READ MORE,4.0
solid phone for voice calls rough & toughREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
sound is very poorREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good not badREAD MORE,4.0
in this price Samsung bestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good product & flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
this is amazing in love this phone thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Battery backup is awesome. 1time charge 2days durability ðŸ˜love itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb mobile samasungREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
one of the best mobilesREAD MORE,5.0
Not happyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
awesome battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
good phone in this rengeREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent phone battery backup is goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice..READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
THIS MOBILE IS NOT SUPPORTING JIO 4G SIMREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
with in 4 months damagedREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
good product & flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
this is amazing in love this phone thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Battery backup is awesome. 1time charge 2days durability ðŸ˜love itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb mobile samasungREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
one of the best mobilesREAD MORE,5.0
Not happyREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
awesome battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
good phone in this rengeREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
this device is good.but some problem in keypad rubberREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
but charger port is diffrent  bettrREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's really super mobile for old age peoples.battery is really super.once in a week only put the charge for this mobile.marvellousREAD MORE,4.0
with in 4 months damagedREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
product was very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Wow!what a mobil it is superREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
As per expectation..READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
mobile excellence good quality of money of 1100rs.every one must buy itREAD MORE,5.0
light weight... easy for senior citizens...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome. Fantastic and supper.! Flipkart is best online shopping appREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung rocksREAD MORE,5.0
Good product with offerable priceREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery serviceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
this device is good.but some problem in keypad rubberREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
but charger port is diffrent  bettrREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's really super mobile for old age peoples.battery is really super.once in a week only put the charge for this mobile.marvellousREAD MORE,4.0
Very very  good phone.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
nice!READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
value for money is satisfactory.READ MORE,4.0
samsung guru sbka guru...... awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
mobile excellence good quality of money of 1100rs.every one must buy itREAD MORE,5.0
light weight... easy for senior citizens...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome. Fantastic and supper.! Flipkart is best online shopping appREAD MORE,5.0
awesome delivery by the delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone. Thank You Flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
still a decent product...... awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
most trustableREAD MORE,5.0
suprbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
In budget this is the best buy and Flipkart lightining fast delivery tq FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Very good product and first deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
nice one by flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
so badREAD MORE,1.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
call sound is note clearREAD MORE,3.0
superbbREAD MORE,5.0
Good product for parentsREAD MORE,4.0
Very poor battery lifeREAD MORE,1.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesome delivery by the delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone. Thank You Flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
still a decent product...... awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
excellent mobile. battery is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product...READ MORE,1.0
somany products are purchased by flipkart all products are very best thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Budget PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice product..READ MORE,5.0
Same as shown...ðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Best camera phone in this price point.108 mp cameraREAD MORE,5.0
"thanks to flipkart, for before delivery.very good phoneREAD MORE",5.0
AwasomeREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
this product is very nice thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Cannot copy Ph No from sim memory to pH memory.READ MORE,3.0
WatchREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
very nice ðŸ‘Œ super ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Nice shopping and nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Thank u Flipkart very good service delivered before expected timeREAD MORE,4.0
adjustable best for talkingREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Ok phone. But there is no memory card slot separatelyREAD MORE,5.0
thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very nice . Good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice keypad phone and battery back up are smooth life long ...READ MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good but charging hole and pin is not ordinaryREAD MORE,5.0
product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
it's well and goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Its get a lot of repairs after using 3 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
no we under budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"thanks to flipkart, for before delivery.very good phoneREAD MORE",5.0
AwasomeREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
this product is very nice thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Cannot copy Ph No from sim memory to pH memory.READ MORE,3.0
WatchREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
very nice ðŸ‘Œ super ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
Nice shopping and nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product..I am very Happy .READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
long lasting mobile .. great product..fast service from flipkart..value for the customersREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
way 2 awesm and compactREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
super ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good but charging hole and pin is not ordinaryREAD MORE,5.0
product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
it's well and goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Its get a lot of repairs after using 3 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
no we under budgetREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
nice Delivery and Delivery boy is nice talking very very thanksREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
very wellREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product..I am very Happy .READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
long lasting mobile .. great product..fast service from flipkart..value for the customersREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
way 2 awesm and compactREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
super ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
The buttons were not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
very bad product. in this prize another 2 nice phone can purchase of same featureREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
worrest battery back upREAD MORE,1.0
LovelyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
awsome productREAD MORE,5.0
gud MobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice using this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone. Battery lasts for long time.READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellent..worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
delivery 4 days delay and performance is good product thank you so muchREAD MORE,4.0
i am happyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
wow samsungREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Long lasting batteryREAD MORE,4.0
this phone is going always switch off because this phone's battery is always wave too much.READ MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
good product...... thanks Flipkart.....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best features phone in this range. lovely and best phone.  thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
wost  prodectREAD MORE,1.0
product is good ..  baterry back up good and good phone..READ MORE,5.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone for back up.READ MORE,4.0
Battery life is greatREAD MORE,5.0
fabulous mobile all timeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
the phone is overall good. go for it.READ MORE,5.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Phone is good...but sounds very slowREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
battery is loose. phone off repeatedly.READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
godREAD MORE,4.0
Mobile is Good ConditionREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good responceREAD MORE,5.0
In low budget Very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone this price & very long time battery life or clear voice calling on other devices accordingREAD MORE,5.0
don''t waste cash very badREAD MORE,1.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good PRAFORMANCEREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Its goodREAD MORE,5.0
wost  prodectREAD MORE,1.0
product is good ..  baterry back up good and good phone..READ MORE,5.0
product is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Fascinating product and nice to use itREAD MORE,5.0
very NiceREAD MORE,3.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nys tuneREAD MORE,3.0
Superb feture phone by Samsung companyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superb fonREAD MORE,5.0
simply super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Compact designREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone as everybody knowsREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile is Good ConditionREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good responceREAD MORE,5.0
In low budget Very nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone this price & very long time battery life or clear voice calling on other devices accordingREAD MORE,5.0
don''t waste cash very badREAD MORE,1.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good PRAFORMANCEREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
nice phone &READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
NYC pruductREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
basic phone... very useful in travel due to its stand by timeREAD MORE,4.0
super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and delivered on time.READ MORE,5.0
AsomREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
v.goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice thanq you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superb quality original product..... Performance also good...and on time delivery ..I am so Happy... Thank you filifckart....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for samsunghREAD MORE,5.0
good very naceREAD MORE,5.0
light MOBILE so goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice .READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
wonderful cellphoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
nice phone &READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
NYC pruductREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
basic phone... very useful in travel due to its stand by timeREAD MORE,4.0
super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and delivered on time.READ MORE,5.0
AsomREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
v.goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice thanq you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superb quality original product..... Performance also good...and on time delivery ..I am so Happy... Thank you filifckart....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone for samsunghREAD MORE,5.0
good very naceREAD MORE,5.0
light MOBILE so goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very nice .READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"nice phone,valuable product and very good delivery boyREAD MORE",5.0
Original product. Samsung is always best.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
chief and best mobileREAD MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice choiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
king of basic mobiles..READ MORE,5.0
good to use value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Name says everything... BrandREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product..READ MORE,5.0
Battery life is very goodREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
wowREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
it is good productREAD MORE,4.0
bast mobile Samsung Guru 1200 bast price niceREAD MORE,5.0
"good product,battery life is good..READ MORE",4.0
This phone is awesome ...Battery life is bestNice product in reasonable priceðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
good product thank u flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
super phone excellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Simple and budget phone in INR 1100/-READ MORE,5.0
AmezingREAD MORE,5.0
Mindblowing purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
value for money GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
"its not from oppo, i think its from oppo and so iam byed it. so iam very disappointed...READ MORE",1.0
Very nice phone with good batteryREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile..READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good Mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
fast Delivery... Super Flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
incoming voice is intermittent .very bad pieceREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Defective product,,,,it sounds automatically after 10-15 minutes horribleREAD MORE",1.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
small DisplayREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Received the same product.It's good.READ MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
nice phone.. simple use.READ MORE,4.0
fabulous jobREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery time could be increasedREAD MORE,5.0
"If you want a basic phone, this is the best.READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile at this price.READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good looking &also comfordebleREAD MORE,5.0
value for money! !good product ðŸ™‚READ MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
nicREAD MORE,5.0
fast delivery & goodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
This is the best phone for its batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
super at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Long lastingREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery is very fastREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone good priceREAD MORE,4.0
good prodREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD MOBILEREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is good..Good Battery Backup..But speaker is bad..when you call some one the voice quality is badREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phone as a secondary phone.READ MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Its a good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone for useREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
phone is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
The price paid for the product is nothing against the purpose it fulfills...!!READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
100% SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
very happyREAD MORE,5.0
this phone is not good.READ MORE,1.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
supper buget phone and supper battery performance when I use it come more than 5days and net one is trouch OK performance but BRAND wise is best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NYC look & colourREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
superb phone ...best for callingREAD MORE,5.0
awesome battery .awesome phone value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"nice product, original product and Fast delivery...READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
I love you Flipkart   Samsung nice brandREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
best in range only 1100READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
I will be in the future projectsREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice looking keypad phone Samsung Guru 1200READ MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
godREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good product superb key pad mobileREAD MORE,2.0
Value for money phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
superb phone ...best for callingREAD MORE,5.0
awesome battery .awesome phone value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"nice product, original product and Fast delivery...READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
awesome Samsung phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome cellphone, & cheaper than market price ðŸ˜Š satisfied ðŸ˜ŽREAD MORE",5.0
Good product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice  phone superREAD MORE,3.0
delivery time very niceREAD MORE,5.0
super ffffffREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone for talkingREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Ware nice serviceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
rough n tough. .awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good product superb key pad mobileREAD MORE,2.0
worth buying itREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Battery back up is amazing. Almost 4 days, but ring volume is averageREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
BeterREAD MORE,5.0
very good very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice  delivery ðŸšš . thank you flipkart , it is worth of moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Courier service is fast and wellREAD MORE,3.0
awesome Samsung phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome cellphone, & cheaper than market price ðŸ˜Š satisfied ðŸ˜ŽREAD MORE",5.0
Good product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice  phone superREAD MORE,3.0
delivery time very niceREAD MORE,5.0
super ffffffREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone for talkingREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Ware nice serviceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
rough n tough. .awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
Battery back up okREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
awesome productsREAD MORE,4.0
amazing Flipkart!READ MORE,5.0
Very Good Battery Back upREAD MORE,5.0
best in basic phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good but not bad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
low cost best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome..READ MORE,4.0
Good because add in adieoREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
earphone solutionREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice......READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone..As regular use...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
value for money...READ MORE,5.0
nicREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is not work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice product battery quality also so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Screen is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
super very niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
thanks Flipkart nice phone...READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone and battry backup it's long time...READ MORE,5.0
price  high but phone originalREAD MORE,2.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
osm productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice eREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
earphone solutionREAD MORE,4.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice......READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Screen size is a bit small, screen size not optimum for elderly peopleREAD MORE",3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice product at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,1.0
phone quality osm..fast Delivery  ...I am satisfied...ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Service is not good vey late processREAD MORE,5.0
Happy to fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
super very niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
thanks Flipkart nice phone...READ MORE,5.0
Nice phone and battry backup it's long time...READ MORE,5.0
price  high but phone originalREAD MORE,2.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
osm productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice eREAD MORE,4.0
Good morning only for callingREAD MORE,5.0
fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Very happyREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone too good battery backup superREAD MORE,5.0
Good... Very very satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Screen size is a bit small, screen size not optimum for elderly peopleREAD MORE",3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice product at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,1.0
phone quality osm..fast Delivery  ...I am satisfied...ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone for rough handling.Battery of this phone is so gud.READ MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GodREAD MORE,3.0
mobiel hangREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Always NokiaREAD MORE,5.0
i love this phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product! If you need a very basic phone, this is the answer.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in the entire world . Battery backup is too good. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
one in this phone that is in this phone No music systemREAD MORE,5.0
good and nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
A better feature phone from SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
good product with fast delivery thanks to seller and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
it was all the best.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
godREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,2.0
good product  thank youREAD MORE,5.0
badREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phone for rough handling.Battery of this phone is so gud.READ MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GodREAD MORE,3.0
mobiel hangREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
using it since one yearrunning goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
request for replacementREAD MORE,3.0
okayREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
LightweightREAD MORE,5.0
Nice to buyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
A better feature phone from SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
good product with fast delivery thanks to seller and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
it was all the best.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
godREAD MORE,4.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Never buy this mobile and no return policy for this phoneREAD MORE,1.0
nice product.. this is my second orderREAD MORE,4.0
very handy and best calling mobile in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product..READ MORE,5.0
"best thing was,  phone has delivered the next day itself when i was in need ofREAD MORE",5.0
Guru is the Great mobile of SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent workREAD MORE,5.0
Strong key pad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
must buy itREAD MORE,5.0
NYC productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice battery service 4 days approx.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice battery backup.worth for money .quickly delivery.READ MORE,4.0
good quality.READ MORE,5.0
Yes it's Samsung.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
head phone not inside the boxREAD MORE,1.0
value for ?READ MORE,4.0
nice and great product Packaging Is NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
NICE ONE.READ MORE,5.0
"Best service... Specificallyâ€‹ Delivery Boy's service, attitude and behavior honestly satisfactory.....I wish him all the best.READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Never buy this mobile and no return policy for this phoneREAD MORE,1.0
nice product.. this is my second orderREAD MORE,4.0
very handy and best calling mobile in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product..READ MORE,5.0
"best thing was,  phone has delivered the next day itself when i was in need ofREAD MORE",5.0
Guru is the Great mobile of SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent workREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile..READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
good service performanceREAD MORE,5.0
superb phone for no multimediaREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
outstanding phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
single simREAD MORE,2.0
worthREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is very badREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb. Nice mobile. I m happy.  Thanks flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money spent. Amazing service.READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
It was wonderful mobile and battery lasting more than a weekREAD MORE,4.0
Very fast delivery thank u so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone but someone stole it.READ MORE,4.0
Very good filipcart delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Tq flifcartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice For Rough UseREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
what a great phone Super fast calling volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Best battery backup nice look gold colour djREAD MORE,5.0
Battery LifeREAD MORE,3.0
Nice QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker not working after 15 Days.READ MORE,1.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,4.0
This product is very goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's a best feature mobile from basic mobilesREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile working goodREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
Not expected qualityREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Supppppper phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very beautiful product value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
basic model goodREAD MORE,3.0
More than expectationREAD MORE,5.0
good phone but someone stole it.READ MORE,4.0
Very good filipcart delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
It is in very small size but perfect for rough use. But u could choose better than it because it  has no mp3. Invest more 3-4 hundred bucks and buy samsung guru music or fmAfter using 12 months it became worst. Hanging issue/ voice not clear/ network issue/ So thown down in dustbinREAD MORE,3.0
low price good productREAD MORE,5.0
it is good but It is not more durableREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
OKREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
good quality mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile cheap&bestREAD MORE,5.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NICEREAD MORE,5.0
Good product..READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
add songREAD MORE,5.0
mobile is good they packed without headsetREAD MORE,2.0
fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good excellentREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and very fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery problemREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
basic model goodREAD MORE,3.0
More than expectationREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
"For rough use its better performance, i like this very much.READ MORE",5.0
super very nice I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Very Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice goodREAD MORE,4.0
it doesn't have camera but all is wellREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bad quality and not worth for money.READ MORE,1.0
Calling volume problems & mobile continue hangREAD MORE,1.0
speaker is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
We want to give this mobile back and take another mobile instead of thatREAD MORE,4.0
okkREAD MORE,5.0
Good excellentREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and very fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"good mobile slime,small, good mobile. sajeshREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile sumsangREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Its ruf and tuff product.READ MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
that's is nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,3.0
good qulity and battery is going to 7 days after charging . I buy second phone.READ MORE,5.0
quality is good now i order one more phone because of its battery continues 7 days after chargingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nyc product will buy againREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied!Paisa Wasool ProductREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Phone with Battery BackupREAD MORE,5.0
Just good but price heavyREAD MORE,5.0
good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
good quality nice nice thnku ekartREAD MORE,5.0
very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile phone.READ MORE,3.0
happy customerREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
battery is not workingREAD MORE,3.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GooDREAD MORE,3.0
Nice Product...READ MORE,4.0
great service.....READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,3.0
good qulity and battery is going to 7 days after charging . I buy second phone.READ MORE,5.0
quality is good now i order one more phone because of its battery continues 7 days after chargingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nyc product will buy againREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied!Paisa Wasool ProductREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very fast delivery and value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product from flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good ðŸ¤³ðŸ¤³READ MORE,5.0
Good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Display is too small I have bought for my father but due to small display at the old age they are not able to see properly screen must be 2.4 inch if you want to give to parents else with small screen young generation can manage very tiny mobileREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile.....cost is a bit high because there is no camerafound some problems:1. battery backup is less2. sometimes it shows `no sim card' that's allREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Super MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
2goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,3.0
ossssmmREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
better mobileREAD MORE,4.0
good product...READ MORE,4.0
Nyc mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
THIS MOBILE PHONE VERY GOODREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
wow it's too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Its very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome oneREAD MORE,5.0
best phone for talking baseREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile this priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile.....cost is a bit high because there is no camerafound some problems:1. battery backup is less2. sometimes it shows `no sim card' that's allREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Super MobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobile.READ MORE,5.0
2goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"don't buy this is old version mobile &charger plug also older one...so catching signals also week,....READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product m satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Simply use for good ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
Nyc mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
THIS MOBILE PHONE VERY GOODREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
wow it's too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Its very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome oneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product must purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
nice for daily useREAD MORE,5.0
product is very genuine and color also much goodREAD MORE,5.0
"not received, seller is not send this mobileREAD MORE",5.0
nice product+nice service by seller and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
cutest phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good Product at affordable priceREAD MORE,4.0
BedREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth every penny.READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
superrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
this fone is very good easy to use and unbreakableREAD MORE,5.0
vaule for money...thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Good choice as a basic phone.READ MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product must purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
nice for daily useREAD MORE,5.0
product is very genuine and color also much goodREAD MORE,5.0
"not received, seller is not send this mobileREAD MORE",5.0
nice product+nice service by seller and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
cutest phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
ts to good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc product .... And delivery tym was also gudREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung  all products  goodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Good conditionsREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile even it is a keypadREAD MORE,5.0
Phone quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
speaker volume lowREAD MORE,5.0
mobile is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
l love itREAD MORE,5.0
gud guruREAD MORE,5.0
v good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
All fine very nice product by SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
nice product nd best' priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money, best mobile for calling and battery backup.READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile from value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
nice use ful product.READ MORE,5.0
Delivery person ws on timeREAD MORE,5.0
Best Samsung mobile phone in single sim slotREAD MORE,5.0
Its awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
ts to good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc product .... And delivery tym was also gudREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung  all products  goodREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Good conditionsREAD MORE,1.0
Good mobile even it is a keypadREAD MORE,5.0
Phone quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
delivery too late but next time delivery time to  time  delivery please mobile very good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ok But prize too highREAD MORE,5.0
worst mobile please don't purchaseREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD MOBILE AND YOUR SERVISE IS ALSO GOOD ....ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„ðŸ˜„READ MORE,5.0
nice phone and battry lifeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best productsREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
NICE PRODUCTSREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice product but amount highREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
hoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
this is a good product Flipkart!!!!ðŸ‘READ MORE,3.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
So simply and nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
This device is very bad..Batery is Lose any time atumetic device switch off..READ MORE,2.0
very good mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good simple setREAD MORE,5.0
value for money....perfect buyREAD MORE,5.0
NcREAD MORE,5.0
It's worth every penny... everything is in the box.. I'm satisfied with this purchase.. and delivery services too fastREAD MORE,5.0
I like itREAD MORE,5.0
battery power very lowREAD MORE,1.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone and worthful for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
thanks for flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PHONE TO USE ...READ MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Soooo niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice SuperREAD MORE,5.0
good qREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru 1200 is a good simple phone for people who want mobile basically for sending/receiving audio calls and SMS. Phone costed just Rs.1100 only and delivered the next day by Flipkart. Battery lasts long and voice quality is good.READ MORE,5.0
overall is great experience .READ MORE,5.0
nice mibileREAD MORE,5.0
very Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
simply superb...READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good simple setREAD MORE,5.0
value for money....perfect buyREAD MORE,5.0
NcREAD MORE,5.0
It's worth every penny... everything is in the box.. I'm satisfied with this purchase.. and delivery services too fastREAD MORE,5.0
I like itREAD MORE,5.0
battery power very lowREAD MORE,1.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone and worthful for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
sound quality is very poor.READ MORE,2.0
"Good battery backup, nice performance. Quick charging capacity. Cabinet is very hard to crack.READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Gud One.. I like Samsung..READ MORE,4.0
nice.........READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
working fine.....ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
It is a single sim phone. Network reception and voice clarity is good. Only drawback is the type of charger. It is old type and you need to carry that along. Would have been better if it had mini usb charging. I have a similar Samsung basic phone bought 3 yrs ago and even that came with usb chargingREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very much so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Itâ€™s awesome service by Flipkart and good product too but sometimes itâ€™s hang or everything else is first class. ðŸ’¯READ MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,4.0
very Good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
simply superb...READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good but Wight lessREAD MORE,5.0
great for 2nd option phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
"good, this is full filled our requirementREAD MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
bestREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
working fine.....ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
It is a single sim phone. Network reception and voice clarity is good. Only drawback is the type of charger. It is old type and you need to carry that along. Would have been better if it had mini usb charging. I have a similar Samsung basic phone bought 3 yrs ago and even that came with usb chargingREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very much so goodREAD MORE,5.0
good budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Better phone in  1000 rupees Thank youREAD MORE,4.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good but Battery back up is less as compared to small screenREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
2 month speaker not working...don't purchase FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
"good, this is full filled our requirementREAD MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
bestREAD MORE,3.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goosREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
fantastic productREAD MORE,5.0
Spr...READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very bad mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
mobile is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
ok I looseREAD MORE,3.0
good budget phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Better phone in  1000 rupees Thank youREAD MORE,4.0
Nice PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good but Battery back up is less as compared to small screenREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,1.0
This mobile is very good . But there is no earphone.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice lookingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile call sound aacha haiREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobile charge stay in very long timeREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
go for itREAD MORE,5.0
just like market rateREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
A good feature phone under 1500.READ MORE,5.0
charging not stable in battery pls changeREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
super bREAD MORE,5.0
overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
superb quality ....nice mobile performance ... fast delivery....... thank you filigkart ....READ MORE,5.0
"I believe flipkart because of the best prices & quality products they offer with best delivery service,but this time they break my belief,, Its cheaper than what i paid in the market,any how thanks to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
nice product at low costREAD MORE,5.0
very good product every student have to buy itREAD MORE,5.0
good for senior citizens.READ MORE,3.0
Samsung Guru 1200 Mobile is Number one Brand  Great Sound Quality and Great Delivery From Flip kart God Bless Flip kart familyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superb.... but i didn't get earphones.....  it have earphone solt.READ MORE,5.0
superb satisfied. free and fast delivery thanku flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome as usual as its samsung product.and delivery by flipkart was also too good.READ MORE,4.0
This mobile is very good . But there is no earphone.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice lookingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile call sound aacha haiREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobile charge stay in very long timeREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very good dilevri boyREAD MORE,5.0
very good dilevri boyREAD MORE,5.0
best study friendREAD MORE,5.0
fineREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Comfortable mobile,READ MORE",5.0
good....READ MORE,4.0
old is gold super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
old is gold very super for ours short use mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good product..READ MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
the bestREAD MORE,5.0
amazing mobile.READ MORE,5.0
I Am Sooooo HappyREAD MORE,4.0
Good a productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung Guru best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nice product for raugh usesREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Daily use it's good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Not a camera phone, simple feature phoneREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product and and very nice delivery service thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Working GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I had booked this mobile for my father and he was surprised to get this mobile via flipkart.He is residing in a small village in Bihar but flipkart delivered this product before expected date of delivery.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
terrificREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nyc productREAD MORE,3.0
low volume of ring toneREAD MORE,4.0
worth every pennyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Osm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nothing to say it's all time best basic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
value for money good product  very good geliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Performance is good but not economical for single simREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
really superrrrrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
I pay it just rs 200 because I have a 1000/- rs coupon.. Good Phone..READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product and and very nice delivery service thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Working GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I had booked this mobile for my father and he was surprised to get this mobile via flipkart.He is residing in a small village in Bihar but flipkart delivered this product before expected date of delivery.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
terrificREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nyc productREAD MORE,3.0
low volume of ring toneREAD MORE,4.0
worth every pennyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Osm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nothing to say it's all time best basic mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
value for money good product  very good geliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Performance is good but not economical for single simREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
really superrrrrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
I pay it just rs 200 because I have a 1000/- rs coupon.. Good Phone..READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice amazing phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
voice is not clear during the calling.READ MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product in this price..........Loved it!!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome phone. Battery backup is very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good...............READ MORE,4.0
Amazing Phone Battery backup is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"product is nice, but I regret to buy this product. I bought this mobile for my mentally-torturing-mother-in-law, when I was doing a job. I did not know that I was giving milk to a snake.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
great future phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good budget phone.speaker is preety well.battery is also very good.no over heating problem till now.good to aged people for simple use.READ MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Spoiled in month itselfREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
bad product....READ MORE,5.0
it is really a guru !READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
MOBILE NOT WORKING PROPERLYREAD MORE,1.0
Old is GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very best product....READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good basic mobile...READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
No problem yet Phone is Running goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone under 1200READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best ever mobile for all the time. long last battery.superbREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PHONE. MONEY PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good product in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
bad product....READ MORE,5.0
it is really a guru !READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
MOBILE NOT WORKING PROPERLYREAD MORE,1.0
Old is GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very best product....READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good basic mobile...READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
No problem yet Phone is Running goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good phone under 1200READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best ever mobile for all the time. long last battery.superbREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PHONE. MONEY PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good product in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
It was nice....I loved it...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
excellent workingREAD MORE,5.0
good user friendly basic mobile in lowest price...READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
no headsets are givenREAD MORE,3.0
keypad is goldREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Hm it's okðŸ˜¥ðŸ˜¥READ MORE,2.0
Very basic & very reliable..just the one I was looking for..READ MORE,4.0
Good battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
easy to use for old citizens.smply ðŸ‘READ MORE,4.0
Very nice product. Full value of money.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
very good best but small sizeREAD MORE,5.0
Basic model and worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
perfect feature phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in basic category.READ MORE,3.0
It was nice....I loved it...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
excellent workingREAD MORE,5.0
good user friendly basic mobile in lowest price...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
always a charming phone all we knowREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.. Samsung..READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
good product.....READ MORE,3.0
NICE... PHONE AND SERVICE OF FLIPKART IS ALSOREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good mobile for normal useREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for long time communicationREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
I like this gold limited editionREAD MORE,4.0
best price phoneREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfactoryREAD MORE,4.0
nice delivery..READ MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD DILIVERYREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
Good Battery BackupREAD MORE,4.0
itâ€™s great product ....and it was delivery soon thanks to flipkartðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
mobile not charging or getting within 2monthsREAD MORE,1.0
super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,4.0
FineREAD MORE,5.0
worthy for this rangaREAD MORE,3.0
WonderfullREAD MORE,5.0
good  productREAD MORE,5.0
very good working conditionREAD MORE,5.0
very nice to  productREAD MORE,5.0
nice servicesREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
very good.READ MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good features mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
sound very slowREAD MORE,5.0
satisfied with the purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
wow that is nice phoneREAD MORE,1.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
basic use with excellent batteryREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good backupREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
good for childrenREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent service grate jobREAD MORE,5.0
good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice collection.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile. It's been a week and I still don't need to charge it.READ MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Great mobile for call only...READ MORE,5.0
best MobileREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
network problemREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good  productREAD MORE,5.0
very good working conditionREAD MORE,5.0
very nice to  productREAD MORE,5.0
nice servicesREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
very good.READ MORE,5.0
Good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good features mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
best quality productsREAD MORE,5.0
Super value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
its genuine piece and good performance for learnersREAD MORE,4.0
watch out those who want to buy any mobile.this is what i was afried of buying mobile online not even used but return not accpted. fake replacement policy.for me no buy againREAD MORE,2.0
phone is ok but charger or headset connecting point is not like normal phones and its very big ....they r not issuing headset it's difficult to find out matching headset from market....if you're not bothered about connecter nd headset point it's one of the best phone in battery ......READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice porodact.READ MORE,5.0
Its nice please provide many  offersREAD MORE,4.0
speaker not workingREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent service grate jobREAD MORE,5.0
good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice collection.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome mobile. It's been a week and I still don't need to charge it.READ MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Great mobile for call only...READ MORE,5.0
best MobileREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
network problemREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product and serviceREAD MORE,5.0
SprREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
osmm productREAD MORE,5.0
Very compact ph.. Good for raf useREAD MORE,5.0
tanque flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
thanks flipkart nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best quality productsREAD MORE,5.0
Super value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
its genuine piece and good performance for learnersREAD MORE,4.0
watch out those who want to buy any mobile.this is what i was afried of buying mobile online not even used but return not accpted. fake replacement policy.for me no buy againREAD MORE,2.0
phone is ok but charger or headset connecting point is not like normal phones and its very big ....they r not issuing headset it's difficult to find out matching headset from market....if you're not bothered about connecter nd headset point it's one of the best phone in battery ......READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice porodact.READ MORE,5.0
Its nice please provide many  offersREAD MORE,4.0
speaker not workingREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best. phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
chip & bestREAD MORE,4.0
super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
This product very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,4.0
good oneREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
it can be used as a second mobileREAD MORE,5.0
product is ok... Keypads are weakREAD MORE,3.0
great phone for long batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent feature mobileREAD MORE,5.0
superb productREAD MORE,5.0
averagely good!READ MORE,3.0
Nyc phoneREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
bast mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Dont buy this product. This mobile having old charger port.READ MORE,1.0
good product good service flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,4.0
Awsm phoneREAD MORE,5.0
its guru of small mobile.READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
very good modelREAD MORE,5.0
Mast   v. GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice and good supar workingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
for calling & battery backup nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
totally goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,1.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
it can be used as a second mobileREAD MORE,5.0
product is ok... Keypads are weakREAD MORE,3.0
great phone for long batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent feature mobileREAD MORE,5.0
superb productREAD MORE,5.0
averagely good!READ MORE,3.0
Nyc phoneREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
wonderful mobile.READ MORE,5.0
nice phone in low budgetREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
good oneREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
not gud very smallREAD MORE,2.0
woth for money...READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's good for basic and so longer battery usage.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall value for money. Good for kids and school students. Built quality is good. Call reception is good. Go for for itREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
it's a good product.READ MORE,4.0
not HAPPY dilivariREAD MORE,1.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
"it's ok,READ MORE",3.0
nice !!READ MORE,5.0
camra not availableREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile for Senior citizensREAD MORE,4.0
With Budget phone it's superbREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding productREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Vari vari goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product with great price range...love itâ¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸READ MORE,4.0
awwwsmmm phone.....plzzzzz buy thissssREAD MORE,4.0
simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,5.0
small & good producetREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone into this priceREAD MORE,4.0
thanks to flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phnREAD MORE,5.0
awsome mobile battery awsome good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
good goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
its very good fr regular use purpose..READ MORE,5.0
"it's ok,READ MORE",3.0
nice !!READ MORE,5.0
camra not availableREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile for Senior citizensREAD MORE,4.0
With Budget phone it's superbREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding productREAD MORE,5.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Vari vari goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product with great price range...love itâ¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸READ MORE,4.0
awwwsmmm phone.....plzzzzz buy thissssREAD MORE,4.0
simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,5.0
small & good producetREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone into this priceREAD MORE,4.0
thanks to flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phnREAD MORE,5.0
awsome mobile battery awsome good conditionREAD MORE,5.0
good goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
Best profmenceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice... mobile  very good Samsung Guru 1200READ MORE,5.0
very good.SamsungREAD MORE,4.0
very nice fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.With battery backup upto 6 daysREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
aswm....READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
no sdcard slot. no 3.5mm jack. no micro USB port. don't know why they removed everything. at this price better to go with Nokia 105.READ MORE,3.0
"superb basic need phone. battery is amazing. very good for a student who is preparing for competitive exams. but there is a problem, this phone does not have a 3.5mm Jack. it has a weird s20 pin headphone and charging Jack.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
good one at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone.good look but expensive.READ MORE,4.0
Fast delivery and good productREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
good but delivery is very slowREAD MORE,4.0
pl dont buy this basic phone.READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,2.0
high qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super super niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
good battery.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product in lowest price. thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
very good products. love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,1.0
Good product with reasonable priceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good looking and very long life battery pack upREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phone for callingREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup is amazingggREAD MORE,5.0
signal .. network is bad......otherwise good....READ MORE,2.0
Very nice mobail..Rouh and tough.. mobail.....READ MORE,5.0
Good in small budgetREAD MORE,3.0
It is a excellent basic set for call function only.  Battery is long lastingREAD MORE,5.0
this product very very useful homeREAD MORE,3.0
good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
mobile ringing volume is very low.READ MORE,2.0
averageREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwsmREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
good but delivery is very slowREAD MORE,4.0
pl dont buy this basic phone.READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,2.0
high qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super super niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
good battery.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product in lowest price. thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
very good products. love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,1.0
Good product with reasonable priceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good looking and very long life battery pack upREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile phone for callingREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup is amazingggREAD MORE,5.0
ðŸ‘great product.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very smallREAD MORE,3.0
super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
realy goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
thanks to dilveryREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice product, always hitREAD MORE",5.0
It's just ok.READ MORE,5.0
Bad HandsetREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
I like to use flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money product , got this product safely without damage.READ MORE",5.0
good for old personREAD MORE,5.0
where is my rewardREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
super.....thanq flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Using since last 2years. Still workingREAD MORE,5.0
"getting problem calling, outgoing call n incoming callREAD MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Lovely phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
its good productREAD MORE,4.0
ok  goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nive ProductREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice, can be use as a second ph.READ MORE",5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Guru is best for day to day useREAD MORE,5.0
Well doneREAD MORE,5.0
phone is good . battery drains very quicklyREAD MORE,5.0
Best products value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Dont buy flipcart products...READ MORE,1.0
No headset will given in box...i am disappointedREAD MORE,5.0
keeping it Samsung..READ MORE,5.0
It's just ok.READ MORE,5.0
Bad HandsetREAD MORE,1.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,3.0
I like to use flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money product , got this product safely without damage.READ MORE",5.0
good for old personREAD MORE,5.0
where is my rewardREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
super.....thanq flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
superb phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Using since last 2years. Still workingREAD MORE,5.0
"getting problem calling, outgoing call n incoming callREAD MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Lovely phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
its good productREAD MORE,4.0
ok  goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
best phone reasonable prizeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Good mini mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Really GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Best Product , Battery Backup is too GoodREAD MORE",5.0
Nyc simple mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nyc product and it looks quite pretty..... But there should be fast delivery.....If we use this phone during  our studies, I think we will never distract....It's sound quality is awesome... trust meREAD MORE",5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Nice guru 1200...ðŸ˜˜READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
NiceeREAD MORE,5.0
Worst performanceREAD MORE,1.0
"Nice mobile, battery backup is good and voice clearity always goodREAD MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very old stock given.Not happy with chargerREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
but no earphones why i complaintREAD MORE,4.0
it's goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
superb handsetREAD MORE,4.0
Good product....... Best delivery on time..before.READ MORE,4.0
Performance is better than the besT.READ MORE,5.0
goodsarviceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
"THE PRODUCT IS NOT BAD. BUT IT HAS A SERIOUS SHORT COMING. THE CHARGING PORT AND CHARGER PIN IS NOT OF UNIVERSAL TYPE. YOU CANNOT CHARGE IT WITH ANY USB TO MICRO USB CABLE. I HAVE ASKED FOR REFUND BUT FLIPKART HAS DENIED MY REQUEST.ONLY REPLACEMENT OPTION IS AVAILABLE. SO, I AM NOT SATISFIED.READ MORE",3.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Good batteryREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
packing goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
This is the best keypad mobile under this price...READ MORE,5.0
it's osm.....I love this phone...it is much better as expectedðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice ðŸ“± in this price....READ MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,4.0
Very good and on time deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery is very fastREAD MORE,5.0
ThankuREAD MORE,4.0
nice goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice mobile, battery backup is good and voice clearity always goodREAD MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
best keypad phone in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,2.0
super good timingREAD MORE,4.0
very nice..READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Phone is good, light weight and easier to hold. Battery backup is also very good. Mobile sound and call quality nice. Overall value for money feature phone.READ MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product - On time delivery...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very Fast delivery Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,3.0
Cheapest phone by Samsung...Simply love this experience...READ MORE,4.0
best keypad phone..if u charge once it will last for a week.. good call quality..READ MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
best phone in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good ekartREAD MORE,5.0
Its good product.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile in low rangeREAD MORE,5.0
product is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good feature phone with more than 5days battery backup in one chargeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile. Long battery backup..READ MORE,5.0
Best Basic phone...READ MORE,5.0
Nice products and delivery was very fastREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile......READ MORE,5.0
Don't Hesitate To Buy It !!ðŸ‘READ MORE,5.0
"Phone is good, light weight and easier to hold. Battery backup is also very good. Mobile sound and call quality nice. Overall value for money feature phone.READ MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product - On time delivery...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very Fast delivery Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,3.0
Cheapest phone by Samsung...Simply love this experience...READ MORE,4.0
best keypad phone..if u charge once it will last for a week.. good call quality..READ MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
best phone in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good ekartREAD MORE,5.0
Its good product.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile in low rangeREAD MORE,5.0
product is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good feature phone with more than 5days battery backup in one chargeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
supperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
love itREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,2.0
Good.READ MORE,4.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone for callingREAD MORE,5.0
very best mobile and deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good.READ MORE,4.0
nice packing ..got thiz product in just 4 days..thnx Flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NYC phone looking goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not dual SIMREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
googREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
wrost product do not buy plzzzREAD MORE,1.0
not badREAD MORE,2.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome for studentsREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
dad is happy  lowest price and thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
taken for my mother best useREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awosemeREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice product n cheap ratesREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile...READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile..READ MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NYC phone looking goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not dual SIMREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
googREAD MORE,5.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product!READ MORE,4.0
Sounds very lowREAD MORE,3.0
not badREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I love thisREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery boy is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice & cute mobileREAD MORE,5.0
A very nice phone performance wise. The colour of the phone came out in 1 month.READ MORE,5.0
best phone for talkingREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
fantastic phone.nice phone at this price.simple and working good.READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
best choice for students users..READ MORE,5.0
bettry super....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
vivery goodREAD MORE,5.0
it was very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
no head setREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile. Long time battery backup. Smooth and userfriendly. Best single sim keypad mobileREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice for usingREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"sound quality should be better, but it's okREAD MORE",4.0
set is good. battery condition is good.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent.. Thanks Flip cartREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,1.0
screen is very SmallREAD MORE,2.0
currently there is no other feature phone in market is as good as thisREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
normalREAD MORE,3.0
"Average Product, good battery backupREAD MORE",5.0
Nice Product and Fast Delivery.READ MORE,5.0
after 15 mobile phone auto switched offREAD MORE,2.0
Good product from Samsung....READ MORE,5.0
worth for money and safeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Its really good.i love this product.tnx for flipkartðŸ˜ŠREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"all in one,but single simREAD MORE",5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
not goodREAD MORE,2.0
good quality mobileREAD MORE,4.0
no micro USB charging you need to carry chargerREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is good.But delivery person D'not delivery door stop. Just he call from her place and tall me Collect your product from Howli or Barpeta. So I did not happy your service ( this area 781314, 781316, 781352) only.READ MORE",3.0
Very bad volume label. Couldnt hear ringtone when outside home due to very less volume label. Old version much better compare to new one.READ MORE,1.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Fantastic job and......value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice for parentsREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money, battery backup is almost 2days with continuous phn calls after heavy usageREAD MORE",5.0
cheap and best.long battery life.READ MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
so nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile this rangREAD MORE,4.0
mobile super boss....READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobile .battery backup upto 10daysREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"all in one,but single simREAD MORE",5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
not goodREAD MORE,2.0
good quality mobileREAD MORE,4.0
no micro USB charging you need to carry chargerREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice..READ MORE,5.0
it's a good proudctREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile with single sim onlyREAD MORE,4.0
Working fineREAD MORE,5.0
its looks cute and do its works overall value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very heppyREAD MORE,5.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
this is my second mobile.am already used this mobile for five years without any repairs.READ MORE,5.0
nice piece.READ MORE,5.0
happy goodREAD MORE,5.0
so nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
best mobile this rangREAD MORE,4.0
mobile super boss....READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good according MoneyREAD MORE,3.0
gud phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile for calling purposeREAD MORE,5.0
Good looking and working as expectedREAD MORE,5.0
The item was geted within one day. The bad thing is it doesn't have micro USB charging port. Due to this you are a  traveler compulsory need to carry a charger because it's different from many other phones port.READ MORE,4.0
Good...READ MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone with awesome battery life.READ MORE,5.0
It's very nice products.READ MORE,5.0
small and cuteREAD MORE,5.0
"unable to hear clearly while on move, too small for the likingREAD MORE",3.0
charging pin is wideREAD MORE,1.0
Ok not bad not goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good not badREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice pone â˜ºâ˜ºâ˜ºREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ringing sound is very much low as compair to other mobile(this problem is only in my phon not all samsung guru) and phone is broken from back side and seller refuse to chang..very much bad experience  with this seller....not recommend to any one..i lost my 1100 rs....very much upset.....READ MORE,1.0
gdREAD MORE,5.0
this is my second mobile.am already used this mobile for five years without any repairs.READ MORE,5.0
Best phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Osm phone ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
Got trouble with in a monthREAD MORE,2.0
gudREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
great Personal PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good and battery backup as well. Good for old age ones.READ MORE,5.0
basic phone for basic purposeREAD MORE,5.0
voice clearity poorREAD MORE,3.0
best phone at 1100 what you want from Samsung Samsung would fill your all wish it display and torch is massive with power saving mode also and 800 mah battery with single sim can give you service normaly 3 days and with power saving mode upto 7 days.good phone.READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and thanks to ekart logistics for faster delivery in second dayREAD MORE,5.0
very good phone with awesome battery life.READ MORE,5.0
It's very nice products.READ MORE,5.0
small and cuteREAD MORE,5.0
"unable to hear clearly while on move, too small for the likingREAD MORE",3.0
charging pin is wideREAD MORE,1.0
Ok not bad not goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good not badREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice pone â˜ºâ˜ºâ˜ºREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ringing sound is very much low as compair to other mobile(this problem is only in my phon not all samsung guru) and phone is broken from back side and seller refuse to chang..very much bad experience  with this seller....not recommend to any one..i lost my 1100 rs....very much upset.....READ MORE,1.0
Super phoneREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
the colour is ossamREAD MORE,4.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
great mobile for eldersREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phone value for money...READ MORE,4.0
goOd samsung phoneREAD MORE,1.0
"awesome phone at this price, must buy , I purchased at 1100/=READ MORE",5.0
Nice  bestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
best basic phone. with brand trustREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
worth itREAD MORE,5.0
nyc oneREAD MORE,3.0
very good mobilethanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very best phone for simple usersREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
this is the best mobile for studentREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Call clarity is good. But less volume for incoming cal and also ringtones one only for callsREAD MORE,3.0
"Original product, value for ur money.READ MORE",5.0
perfect mobileREAD MORE,5.0
small fall screan brekREAD MORE,1.0
Worst battery backupREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
V goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Guys it's very unlucky phone..Don't gift it to someone whom you love the most. Otherwise you can understand..Ha ha joking..You can buy only for you...READ MORE,3.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Mobile is too good but, no earphone in box, its ok for this cost but at least this phone doesn't have earphone  pin,,,,,,,,,, its earphone pin is prehistoric pinREAD MORE",4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,3.0
"awesome phone at this price, must buy , I purchased at 1100/=READ MORE",5.0
Nice  bestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
best basic phone. with brand trustREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
worth itREAD MORE,5.0
nyc oneREAD MORE,3.0
very good mobilethanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very best phone for simple usersREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
this is the best mobile for studentREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Call clarity is good. But less volume for incoming cal and also ringtones one only for callsREAD MORE,3.0
"Original product, value for ur money.READ MORE",5.0
perfect mobileREAD MORE,5.0
small fall screan brekREAD MORE,1.0
Worst battery backupREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
V goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mobileREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Guys it's very unlucky phone..Don't gift it to someone whom you love the most. Otherwise you can understand..Ha ha joking..You can buy only for you...READ MORE,3.0
nice battery mhREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile tnq for fast delivery superbREAD MORE,5.0
Defected productREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance. nice get up. purchaseable.READ MORE,5.0
nice phone it is satisfied with flipkart service  tq so much flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good at allREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
NYCREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent mobile ðŸ“±READ MORE,5.0
better mobile for home useREAD MORE,5.0
nice producedREAD MORE,5.0
really handy and small for normal messaging and calling with good battery backup...READ MORE,5.0
super MobileREAD MORE,4.0
"Standard mobile, just for calling.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product and thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile phone is good. Working also good. But Kalyanadurga Ekart delivery is tooooooo wortest.READ MORE,4.0
Its ok...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
My father satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productsREAD MORE,3.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
The dillivary man was  goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good One.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Osam I love you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
old is always gold...READ MORE,5.0
Best mobile..go for itREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
So beautifulREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
too goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice ðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒðŸ‘ŒREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product at allREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ok goodREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product and thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile phone is good. Working also good. But Kalyanadurga Ekart delivery is tooooooo wortest.READ MORE,4.0
Its ok...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
My father satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productsREAD MORE,3.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
The dillivary man was  goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good One.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Osam I love you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc warkREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
a good phone in bujatREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
good no west mannyREAD MORE,4.0
"Samsung Guru 1200 best products, battery is long lasting,total to say all things are good.READ MORE",3.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
ok goodREAD MORE,3.0
no earplug option....READ MORE,3.0
good producedREAD MORE,5.0
OKREAD MORE,3.0
thanks ekard to very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
"amazing product,   you should buy .READ MORE",5.0
Excellent ProductREAD MORE,5.0
OriginalREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodFast cash on delivery ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
unbeatableREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone.....READ MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
"Super Surprised Delivery service, it's amazing.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good price phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
my mobile is stolen please lock itREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product as compare to moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice phone voice quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Ruf and TufREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good features phone.READ MORE,4.0
Full worth for money excellent product by flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
it's goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Ossm productREAD MORE,5.0
good mini mobileREAD MORE,5.0
good for simple setREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.. good performance.. really like itREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome mobile at low cost love it yaaraaREAD MORE,5.0
best phone got it for 1200 . don't go for other just buy this. easily give backup for 3 day s on single chargeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good for momREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good in basic mobile categoriesREAD MORE,5.0
service is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
All over good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very bad prodect ..return policy not availableREAD MORE,1.0
Tooo smallREAD MORE,2.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Wary small phoneREAD MORE,2.0
mobile is key pad is very worstREAD MORE,1.0
value for money. Nice mobile..........READ MORE,5.0
Good but I am not convinced Flipkart return policy.i want two sim but Flipkart customer care say not possible.i Agee to pay gap amount.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung Guru 1200 SuperREAD MORE,1.0
good experienceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Ok productREAD MORE,5.0
Fast shipping well done.READ MORE,5.0
very good product.READ MORE,5.0
best phone got it for 1200 . don't go for other just buy this. easily give backup for 3 day s on single chargeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good for momREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good in basic mobile categoriesREAD MORE,5.0
service is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
All over good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very bad prodect ..return policy not availableREAD MORE,1.0
Tooo smallREAD MORE,2.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Wary small phoneREAD MORE,2.0
mobile is key pad is very worstREAD MORE,1.0
value for money. Nice mobile..........READ MORE,5.0
Good but I am not convinced Flipkart return policy.i want two sim but Flipkart customer care say not possible.i Agee to pay gap amount.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Samsung Guru 1200 SuperREAD MORE,1.0
good experienceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone for affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Ok productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,2.0
nice nd original product....READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
simple superREAD MORE,5.0
"Its mentioned in the specifications that it has primary camera, but it doesn't have. So don't go by specifications mentioned over here research on your own. At the same price more features available with other brands.READ MORE",2.0
great phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
A lovely golden color... Am so happy to purchase this mobile...Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
battery standby is goodREAD MORE,5.0
bad batteryREAD MORE,1.0
This mobile is very good....READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
samsungREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
after 1 month Mic not working .READ MORE,1.0
a well product image well price........READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best delivery service by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
back my money pleaseREAD MORE,1.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Good.READ MORE,5.0
caREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good. Mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
better than nokia 105. best feature phone.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Nice phone value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,2.0
nice nd original product....READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
simple superREAD MORE,5.0
"Its mentioned in the specifications that it has primary camera, but it doesn't have. So don't go by specifications mentioned over here research on your own. At the same price more features available with other brands.READ MORE",2.0
great phoneREAD MORE,5.0
the phone is very good.khub valo phone.READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile. excellent battery.READ MORE,5.0
Fully satisfied with delivery service & original product also..Thank you flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
battery is very good and sound alsoREAD MORE,4.0
Good....READ MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
it's nice at allREAD MORE,5.0
best for long callingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice.....READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"really very attractive phone, I loved it, for rough use perfect suitableREAD MORE",5.0
great phoneREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD phoneREAD MORE,4.0
one of the best feature phoneREAD MORE,5.0
I hope that if i want this phone then one headphone is there. but it's not thereREAD MORE,4.0
Best mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product $ super delevryREAD MORE,5.0
nice.READ MORE,2.0
"Don't buy it, Sound quality very poor. Return faculty not available, only replacement to be done.READ MORE",1.0
nice product...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
excitedREAD MORE,5.0
delivery within in 22 hrs. fast Flipkart. Nice phone. no issues.thanksREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"smart ,ðŸ‘ðŸ‘READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Owsm.....READ MORE,5.0
the phone is very good.khub valo phone.READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile. excellent battery.READ MORE,5.0
Fully satisfied with delivery service & original product also..Thank you flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
battery is very good and sound alsoREAD MORE,4.0
Good....READ MORE,4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,3.0
DurableREAD MORE,4.0
nyc productREAD MORE,5.0
so sweetREAD MORE,5.0
greenREAD MORE,5.0
"same cost go for any other phone give you earphone..FM...etc etc. this phone such small you cant touch ear and to mouth....sometime its sound very tune that harm you ear. so go for any better option. i used for only incoming, bank account update sms.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I love this product thanks and good service providerREAD MORE,4.0
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
nice product.. bttry aswm..READ MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
your worker is very smart and intelligentREAD MORE,5.0
"good mobile for basic users, battery life is good. super mobile for regular usage.READ MORE",5.0
value of money... good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
purchased last 10 days..phone getting switch off while using..and now its not working..made a return request to flipkart..lets see...READ MORE,2.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
working goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Hack free mobile.calling best.value for money5/5love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
best phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,3.0
DurableREAD MORE,4.0
nyc productREAD MORE,5.0
so sweetREAD MORE,5.0
greenREAD MORE,5.0
"same cost go for any other phone give you earphone..FM...etc etc. this phone such small you cant touch ear and to mouth....sometime its sound very tune that harm you ear. so go for any better option. i used for only incoming, bank account update sms.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I love this product thanks and good service providerREAD MORE,4.0
Fully satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
nice product.. bttry aswm..READ MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
your worker is very smart and intelligentREAD MORE,5.0
"good mobile for basic users, battery life is good. super mobile for regular usage.READ MORE",5.0
value of money... good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
phone is good... don't buy golden colour... colour will fed within a month.... u can buy black or white...READ MORE,1.0
OsamaREAD MORE,5.0
HpREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best product for low priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very gudREAD MORE,5.0
Good Samsung guru 1200 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Very Nice Phone For Calling...READ MORE,5.0
Good product best DeliveryREAD MORE,5.0
all way automatically switching off...even full battery..than also switched iffREAD MORE,1.0
great phne...receive on tym ..thnku uREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent basic handset which can be used as secondary mble.READ MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
always super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good please product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Phone's display went blank just after 12 days of receiving the product. When I contacted the Samsung Service centre they said flipkarts' invoice is not enough to avail the warranty.READ MORE,1.0
googREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good product but slow deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
very bad companyREAD MORE,1.0
very good I like it.READ MORE,5.0
great budget phone for daily useREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent battery backups... go for itREAD MORE,5.0
phone is good... don't buy golden colour... colour will fed within a month.... u can buy black or white...READ MORE,1.0
OsamaREAD MORE,5.0
HpREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best product for low priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very gudREAD MORE,5.0
Good Samsung guru 1200 mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product.READ MORE,4.0
superb product thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Good mobile, bettery back up so good.READ MORE",5.0
"very nice budget phone ,READ MORE",5.0
good product..READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,4.0
googREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Courier boy had collected 100rs extra bad deliveryREAD MORE,1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Has good battery life serves purposeREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
valu for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
working fineREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"good job ,nic hand set phoneREAD MORE",5.0
It was the good product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
no camera...otherwise vrry good fhnREAD MORE,5.0
goobREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
so nice samsung guru modelREAD MORE,5.0
withstand 3 days battery very usefulREAD MORE,5.0
a ordered for my mother as she want this phone onlyðŸ’READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GdREAD MORE,4.0
googREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Courier boy had collected 100rs extra bad deliveryREAD MORE,1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Has good battery life serves purposeREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
valu for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
working fineREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
owsm productREAD MORE,5.0
Service is best..but I got this phone without battery cover.READ MORE,2.0
Cute mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
not workingREAD MORE,2.0
to badREAD MORE,1.0
good feature phone under 1300READ MORE,4.0
Awesome phone good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Super phone ....READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,2.0
thanksREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good and compactREAD MORE,4.0
cool worth for money....i love samsungREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super for general useREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile Quality is good condition and just okay.READ MORE,3.0
just awesome keypad phone.....READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
average performanceREAD MORE,3.0
best regardsREAD MORE,5.0
nice 1READ MORE,5.0
colour bestREAD MORE,5.0
gd productREAD MORE,4.0
good ......for meREAD MORE,4.0
"GOOD product quality,Very fast delivaryREAD MORE",4.0
Overall it is a good productREAD MORE,4.0
very Good Performance..Originally value for money..READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good behaviourREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,2.0
Product is no doubt excellent and delivery was awesome by Bappa.READ MORE,5.0
its goodREAD MORE,5.0
it is very good and useful. thanks.READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Very good phREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product battery backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone and fast delivery  thankx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone good battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,4.0
colour bestREAD MORE,5.0
gd productREAD MORE,4.0
good ......for meREAD MORE,4.0
"GOOD product quality,Very fast delivaryREAD MORE",4.0
Overall it is a good productREAD MORE,4.0
very Good Performance..Originally value for money..READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good behaviourREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,2.0
Product is no doubt excellent and delivery was awesome by Bappa.READ MORE,5.0
its goodREAD MORE,5.0
it is very good and useful. thanks.READ MORE,5.0
nice mobile.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Very good phREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product battery backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone and fast delivery  thankx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this phone it doesn't work after 1months.READ MORE,5.0
old is gold...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
one of good and best price with short time deliveryREAD MORE,3.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Obviously Samsung is the bestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice for service and good productREAD MORE,5.0
Useful phone for my motherREAD MORE,4.0
nice pro......READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Best phone in the Basic platform.READ MORE,5.0
good for call & receive the callREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product.Deliver before time by FlipcartREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,2.0
Good and very niceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
VERY GOODREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
I hate flipcart because of this product.only one sim even no headsetREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
machigundi phone... naalugu rojulu vosthundi charging....READ MORE,5.0
lovely phone for1100 rangeREAD MORE,1.0
super mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone I like This phone but Basic PhoneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
awosame mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good battery also very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Long lasting battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile Reng problem ..READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung phones is good value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought this mobile to my servant, O. K, niceREAD MORE",3.0
good for callingREAD MORE,5.0
Good itemREAD MORE,4.0
I expectation not like. small size but kREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mobile speed deliveyREAD MORE,5.0
Worth it!!READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
superb hitREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I m so happyREAD MORE,1.0
"This is Basic phone, strong battery backup.READ MORE",4.0
all good  but delivery boy talking wave not perfectREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice Performance. Battery backup is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Plain and simple. Only calls can be made so ideal only for elderly people or ones who are not into smartphones. A good purchase.READ MORE,5.0
"good,smart&cute.READ MORE",5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
But got without Headfone..READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
awosame mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Phone is good battery also very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Long lasting battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Mobile Reng problem ..READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung phones is good value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought this mobile to my servant, O. K, niceREAD MORE",3.0
good for callingREAD MORE,5.0
Good itemREAD MORE,4.0
I expectation not like. small size but kREAD MORE,4.0
nice budget phoneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
HappyREAD MORE,1.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
good phone..READ MORE,5.0
body is completely strongREAD MORE,3.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
super Samsung guru 1200READ MORE,4.0
very nice.its use to very easy.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice piceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
very good flipkart delivery is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobile and satisfied..... Battery charge is awesome.. I kept charge for the first time it came to me 10 days..... ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's very expensiveREAD MORE,1.0
Please Change the Camera Feature in Specifications. It says Primary Camera Available and there is no camera in phone.READ MORE,3.0
"I have bought this phone as second phone only for calling,and this is really amazing,i receive almost 3-4 calls everyday and for that battery last upto 5-6 days easily.....i received phone at 25th july and until now i have charged it only 2 times......must go for it if you want second phone for calling and messaging...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phone.READ MORE,5.0
thankuREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome!READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"If you are looking for simple mobile that has price around 1000, this is best phone. I bought it at Rs.1100/-. It's Battery Backup and mike/voice quality is very good. Go for it..READ MORE",5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Received with mismatched colour as I ordered Bought at rs 1100,  having single sim option Quite good....READ MORE",3.0
Genuine productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
basic mobile phoneREAD MORE,4.0
nice smart mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
poorestREAD MORE,1.0
good..READ MORE,5.0
phone condection goodREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Only good not best because of its battery backup is not working properly.READ MORE,4.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Phone with lost lasting battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
got delivery very fast...good job flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's very expensiveREAD MORE,1.0
Please Change the Camera Feature in Specifications. It says Primary Camera Available and there is no camera in phone.READ MORE,3.0
"I have bought this phone as second phone only for calling,and this is really amazing,i receive almost 3-4 calls everyday and for that battery last upto 5-6 days easily.....i received phone at 25th july and until now i have charged it only 2 times......must go for it if you want second phone for calling and messaging...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phone.READ MORE,5.0
thankuREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome!READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,1.0
Great phone in a cheap price and on time delivery. Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Good phone.READ MORE,4.0
Good 1 think I'm not satisfied  earphonebu should give usREAD MORE,5.0
keypad and mic problemREAD MORE,1.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Mobile and Delivery FastREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
simply superbREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
best of priceREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superb mobile for only callingREAD MORE,5.0
fastest delivery flipkart as usualREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super samsung guruREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Phone with lost lasting battery lifeREAD MORE,5.0
got delivery very fast...good job flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Samsung guru 1200 is just amazing... I had bought it for my mom.. Very very long lasting battery n strong phoneREAD MORE,5.0
battery backup is goodREAD MORE,5.0
bwtter than i phone xREAD MORE,5.0
Phone gets switched off automatically while the battery is fully charged... Horrible... I am not satisfied with the phoneREAD MORE,1.0
nyc productREAD MORE,5.0
best delivered and wonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"very good cell for my mom , battery is superb clear & loud voice , loud ringtone , overall very nice phoneREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good phone.. value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery and  good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,4.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
simply superbREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
best of priceREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superb mobile for only callingREAD MORE,5.0
fastest delivery flipkart as usualREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super samsung guruREAD MORE,5.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
There is no headphone in the packet as if you purchase same phone from the shop they provide and interesting part is there is no difference in price.. and also not satisfied with the quality of the phone..READ MORE,2.0
Best phone on this price..... Thanks... Flip kart order delivery verry fastREAD MORE,4.0
ultimate in this range..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
moderate mobileREAD MORE,4.0
good mobileREAD MORE,1.0
VgoodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobile phonrREAD MORE,5.0
A very good phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"very good cell for my mom , battery is superb clear & loud voice , loud ringtone , overall very nice phoneREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good phone.. value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery and  good mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Just goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
mobile was good ( Samsung guru 1200). this was a good phone in good price.READ MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
awsom keypaid phoneREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
value for money...recommend to all...READ MORE,5.0
best feature phone bcoz it's battery is awesome....and phone quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
good batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Good product..Satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
genuineREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good workingREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice.....READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice product.. delivery also very fastREAD MORE,4.0
Velue for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
I lv samsung....good productREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome mobile for battery and caching networksREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
So Cute phoneREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice product fast delivery thinks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"I like flipkart.good packing.fast delivery. cost is 100 rs high compare to Amazon.  but this is india App ,so I buy this product.READ MORE",5.0
it's very bad product ..READ MORE,1.0
my mobile phone note openREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,1.0
veri good nk goraREAD MORE,5.0
osam mobileREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice product,fast delivery ,thanks flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
v goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice  productREAD MORE,5.0
OK goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
mobile charging point is different as compared to my smart phone. so I have to maintain two charger at a time.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"The automatic network selection isn't working.While I am traveling, network gone and it shows no network.i have to restart or manually select the network.READ MORE",2.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phone value for money.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice product fast delivery thinks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"I like flipkart.good packing.fast delivery. cost is 100 rs high compare to Amazon.  but this is india App ,so I buy this product.READ MORE",5.0
it's very bad product ..READ MORE,1.0
my mobile phone note openREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,1.0
Low voiceREAD MORE,3.0
great phone great deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart is worst it is not good as compared to other rivelariesREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice overallREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget phone....READ MORE,4.0
awesome phone in buygetREAD MORE,5.0
OK goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
mobile charging point is different as compared to my smart phone. so I have to maintain two charger at a time.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"The automatic network selection isn't working.While I am traveling, network gone and it shows no network.i have to restart or manually select the network.READ MORE",2.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
good battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall nice...READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best product and best quality and simple phoneREAD MORE,4.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
good.READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Top ClassREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
battery is betterREAD MORE,4.0
worst product .READ MORE,2.0
Nice phone .. battery backup will be too goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice overallREAD MORE,5.0
Good Quality Nd Vry Fast Delivery TQ Flip kart TeamREAD MORE,5.0
super thanREAD MORE,5.0
just used for calling.   single sim.  no camera.  no memory cardREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good phone budget wise.READ MORE,5.0
mind blowing setREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good.but delivery letREAD MORE,4.0
nic mobileREAD MORE,4.0
vest productREAD MORE,1.0
Phone getting switch of automatically and you will not be aware .....READ MORE,4.0
very nice mobileREAD MORE,5.0
my worst experience of online purchase. I have ordered 2 piece of this phone but both are not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Phone condition good and phones working good. I really like that phone .READ MORE,5.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best and Best Phone Good.ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product best mobileREAD MORE,5.0
Nice phone to use for talk.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good ..........READ MORE,5.0
This phone is so perfect size and make comfortable . Gold is latestREAD MORE,5.0
it's a good productREAD MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
No sd card slotREAD MORE,1.0
awesome phoneREAD MORE,5.0
just likeREAD MORE,3.0
good basic phone..READ MORE,4.0
Redmi 4 covarREAD MORE,5.0
dead item received by sellerREAD MORE,2.0
Very good item.READ MORE,4.0
Really great phone.value for money thanx FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
There is not head phone with this setREAD MORE,2.0
awesome mobile .READ MORE,5.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good phoneREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best and Best Phone Good.ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Charger big drawback as its not micro. Had to carry everywhere. Giving multiple problems within a year.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good feature phone.READ MORE,5.0
Nice MobileREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superb phnREAD MORE,5.0
Charge facality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice moblieREAD MORE,5.0
good jobREAD MORE,4.0
best basic budget mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"This is a great phone for using in hand, i loved itREAD MORE",4.0
samsung nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
awsomeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
okayREAD MORE,5.0
very simple and smart mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very gudREAD MORE,5.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"good voice,battery strong ,READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product and nice colourREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodproductREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
superb phnREAD MORE,5.0
Charge facality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice moblieREAD MORE,5.0
good jobREAD MORE,4.0
best basic budget mobileREAD MORE,5.0
"This is a great phone for using in hand, i loved itREAD MORE",4.0
samsung nice phoneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
awsomeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
okayREAD MORE,5.0
very simple and smart mobile phoneREAD MORE,5.0
very gudREAD MORE,5.0
very nice phone battery life is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good mobileREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product niceREAD MORE,4.0
battery issue mobile is switched off 5 times in a day pls exchange the mobile...replyREAD MORE,1.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
excellent battery capacity and I loved the phone very muchREAD MORE,3.0
there is no comments to this mobile..... awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks flipkart for a fast delivery..coming to product..no need to say Because everyone already know it..awesome wowsome...bought it for my mom in gold variant..it looks pretty much beautiful...again Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
thnks for genuine product and delivery on timeREAD MORE,3.0
Good hand setREAD MORE,4.0
It is good to useREAD MORE,4.0
Quality productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice mobailREAD MORE,5.0
ChargerREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Bad SoundREAD MORE,3.0
Not bad. Its good..... Thank you flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
phone is fabulous...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice mobile...loved itVery speed delivery...jst in a day i received it..thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good in battery back-up......READ MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
overall mobile is very boring but nice for studying studentsREAD MORE,3.0
"Quality is Best , price is so highREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
It is really goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellent battery capacity and I loved the phone very muchREAD MORE,3.0
there is no comments to this mobile..... awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks flipkart for a fast delivery..coming to product..no need to say Because everyone already know it..awesome wowsome...bought it for my mom in gold variant..it looks pretty much beautiful...again Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
thnks for genuine product and delivery on timeREAD MORE,3.0
Good hand setREAD MORE,4.0
