review,rating
Material quality is just like any other headphones there is nothing special or specific about this though its price is 400 bucks.The cable is not tangle free like the boat 225 model. But a band is given along with the headset to keep it from getting tangled. This is the only thing I liked about this headset.Sound quality I must say is the worst. There is added noise to the audio. I think the cheaper models from other brands like Philips and Mi headphones are much better in this aspect. Or it's better to go to the next variant in the same brand boat 225 bassheads instead of buying these.Durability is something that I can't say as of now. As I haven't used it long enough to comment about it.,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   1} Sound quality is amazing for the price 😍2} Built quality is good but not the best but for the budget price I can say its good ⚡3} Headphone jack is not gold plated ⚠️4} I have been using this earphone from past more than a year and have replaced it once under warranty which was super easy hassel free🎶5} I have used many other brand earphones such as JBL, Sony, Sennheiser, RHA, Boultaudio and recently Infinity and I am not a professional but have experience of many earphones so I can say this is the best sounding in budget and very comfortable in shape to use for longer duration 💯💥",2.0
"Very much dissatisfied of the sound quality of Boat-100.Clairity of the sound is very poor.I don't get any return option for this product. Other wise  definitely I will go for return. Only I can go for replacement with same product.Waistage of money.I have purchased two headphone in 399/- one Boat-100 and another Mi basic headphones. Mi has the much better sound quality then Boat.Inform to manufacture of Boat, don't waist your money in Advertisement and others fixtures. Please improve the quality of the product.Quality talks everything no one need to say anything.Very much dissatisfied.",2.0
"It is a filmsy product seriously. I mean it might have worked well for few, but these products have lot of inconsistencies in production. The product stopped working in 2 months. Return window closed. Stuck. Need to order a new one. If you are buying you are taking a chance. Good luck.",2.0
The sound quality is average as there is too much of base and no treble but then you can’t expect much at a price which is literally a steal .The newer earphones from the same company have more bass and thump and the clarity of sound is well calibrated.The ergonomics is quite well distributed with its sleek design and style.Overall it’s an average buy and if are that person looking for sound and bass this particular model might not suit your needs but the alternative models could help the cause,2.0
Read fully..Review when I just got them: Budget yet great pieces of earphones.. quality is uncompromised..To sum up . If you're low on budget and yet you need great earphones.. this should be your top choiceEdit: nope they lasted for 5 months and then boom they just stopped working.. if I was listening to a video only the bgm was audible and the voice layer was gone.. even in songs.. and same with calls.. I had to order a new set I hope they don't disappoint me . 🙄😑,2.0
"Nothing especial in this earphone other than a third class design and somewhere in minus class of quality. The quality of the cable is in line with ₹15.00 chinese lights we use in Diwali. Noise cancellation is such that dont u dare to listen something private in front of others, the same time there is a positive point that u may also use earphone in speaker modes as you will very well listen what is playing inside of them...Regarding Bass.,,,.why the hell does they and others calling it a basshead without knowing its meaning, no bass as i have used it in both android and my apple...Final verdict is that at price point of view this can be considered a better option if you cannot go to the nearby railway station to buy something better in ₹100 only..And i bought the red colour as no other colour option was available and now scared of taking and showing it to others bcoz of its quality and look...Thanks",2.0
"The sound is 6/10,comfort6/10,Build quality and the wire 8/10The biggest disappointment is the design which has the mic. way down. Almost at the 2nd button of your shirt increasing the distance from the mic and from your mouth a point where the other caller cant hear you at all.Instead I got the mi earphones which are almost the same price but way better.",2.0
"All thing wS good.but base is little low. I used many headphones like Samsung original,  Sony,  this boat, hitage , joie etc. But hitages was good and satisfying me in 250rs from local market. Also boat headphones not fit in my ears. So im not satisfied to this.... if u r normal sound lover then u can try else do not buy try differ.",2.0
i didnt expect from boat company but above ratings are good when i buyed i got that this is a waste there is no bass and no noice cancellation just i felt when i plugged this is like a 100 rupess footpath totally waste dont waste ur time and dont by this stupid product but boat company is good because i had boat meatallish 100 is working awesome,2.0
"In the left one the volume is very low. Because of this the overall experience is getting affected.Also, the mike is too low and you have to hold it up. This is annoying because the whole purpose of headset+mic is to be hands-free. Or you have to talk really loud for the person on line with you to hear properly which defeats the next main usage of headsets for calls - having a private conversation in a public area.",2.0
I have been buying boat products for about 2 years now and i have always been happy with the quality they deliver.but this time i was dissapointed.the mic has to b kept alomst on ur chin or above otherwise the voice is not audible to the other person . And also during call the volume is less ..i would not reccomend this one..,2.0
I bought a headphones before it for 800rs . When I lost that I bought it for same quality expectations. It's cheaper than that but it was discounted price so I expect for same quality but it's not upto mark .It's an average headphone.Find something better and tell me pls.,2.0
Its an average product.. Sound quality and bass is below expectations. Sometimes when the jack moves the sound in one ear bud stops then I adjust it and it comes again and this is something which started within 2 weeks of use. Not money well spent.,2.0
One side of the earphone stopped working in 3 months n till now no response from Boat after registering warranty complaint...called their customer care the line gets disconnected n nobody bothers to call back.,2.0
I bought this in march.. and now it's November.. In the end of october one of the earphone was working but after a week both are not working.... this was not expected.. verryyy very disappointed😔..if this gonna happen what's difference between those cheap earphones and a Boat one..,2.0
The Mic is too far from mouth and cannot be adjusted. I need to bring the mic near my mouth everytime I need to speak. This does not serve my purpose. The sound quality is good enough though.,2.0
It was not at all what I expected it to be.Yes if you are reading this review please don't buy or you will definitely Regret it.It only has a good looking design everything else is not even as good Chinese earphones which you could buy for rs 100 or even less.Sound quality is below average.Bass is also not up to the mark.Its earbuds are though they are made up of plastic ( quite a hard and uncomfortable ).It's quite a disappointment overall.,2.0
"Started malfunctioning after 4-5 months, got replacement with warranty claim. Replacement started doing the same thing after 15 days.1. Volume changes automatically like a faulty connection between wires.2. Left and right side started playing on different audio volume from each other.",2.0
It is a great product but.......it is not even durable as it will definitely stop working after a couple of months......I bought this product in February......and now it stopped working....like one earphone is not working now......and if you see the warranty thing.....it takes alot of time..as the video suggests it will be recovered within a month....that's not true baby.........it takes atleast 5 months .,2.0
"Gone by the brand name, I purchased this one. But, hasn't met the expectation.  Ears stats paining if i keep the ear plugged for 30+ min. No noise cancellation. The receiver can hear the surround sound better than what I speak. I wouldn't recommend this one.",2.0
"This product is cheap and offers quality for the price. But the ear pieces stopped working after 3 months of use. Though they have 1 year warranty, the website to claim warranty is not working. No one replies to your email and no one picks up your call. Why do these companies invests loads of money on marketing rather than building a good product and having a good customer service. I'll never order again and never recommend this brand.",2.0
"The quality is satisfactory for phone calls, but even after careful usage, one string has torn within 2 months. It is not suitable for high-quality music listening and noise cancellation.",2.0
I got it for 379inr.Kindly avoid if you can afford to spend more.low sound /volume compared to three year JBL I got for 500inr.Use strictly for calls.The call button didn't work for me either.Maybe poor QC.,2.0
Customer  please don't choose boAt brand as an headset purchase  .Please choose another because I purchased it on September 21. 2018  . First 1 month headsets have no complaints then sound was not clear after user 1 month no bass effects . 1year warranty is really waste for this product i cannot claim my warranty it's really waste don't buy this product .,2.0
"Ok headphones. Sound quality is good. Durability is not long. But the customer service after sale is worse. You can not track them down. One earpiece stopped working after 6 month of use. Trying to reach them but no luck. Email, call and there portal you will not get any reply.",2.0
"I just bought based in Reviews. But it has extreme volume, u can't hear for a long hours.Base"" its not a good quality- its like a bunch of all sounds that's all. its simply basic headset.For music Lovers, this is not for u. Go with better one.No volume button in this.",2.0
"Buds r too slippery and , n the outer edges being too sharp r very uncomfortable, the sound is very low even at high settings, better go with Samsung Eh64 of same price range , which is of very high quality",2.0
"I believe in Boat , because of my experience with it's other products and services, but this time, it's probably  a damaged product. Wasted my time, Sob! Probably will buy again.",2.0
"It was working fine with my vivo z pro for 4 months but now when connected to phone it is mishandling my phone by opening google voice, media tone control, songs playing on its own. Its really scary. It is my humble request to the seller to change my defective set",2.0
Sound quality is really poor. My older Envent Beatz earphones are much better than this one. Not expected this quality from Boat. Poor Bass also.,2.0
"It's mic stopped working in 2-3 months after I bought, the quality didn't seem upto the mark. Also I was taking more care while using compared to I use to take of my previous headphone",2.0
"Worst earphones, NO NOISE CANCELLATION, NO BASS , Sound quality is very poor, build quality also very poor, mi basic is better than this at this price range@400. If u have budget around 500 , better to buy Boult audio loupe earphones. I have actually buyed this on seeing the brand boat ,but it doesn't deserve it. Overall rating is 5/10. It works like rs.100 earphones and if u compare with mi basic earphones, mi basic are the best in all rounder. please don't buy it, At this price range many other earphones are there .",2.0
"It just worked fine for a one and half month suddenly it started giving sounds and then it totally stopped and my brother's one is only working on one side, the sound and packaging is all great when it arrived, I ordered Sennheiser llike 6 month back before lockdown I guess it's still working fineeee! I won't recommend to buy this one.",2.0
I purchased this because of the good experience of my earlier headphone.This headphone looks good and cheap but this is having quality problems.  I keep getting a crackling noise on my moto g5s plus. sometimes one side earphone stops sounding during a call. This works relatively good on PC.Not recommended.,2.0
"Have purchased this in December 2020 and its May 2021 , one side earphone has stopped working. It is not at all working well.. the earphone keeps coming out of the earphone jack automatically. Also there is alot of distubance when speaking. It comes with 1 year warranty however have stopped working in only 6 months now. Need a Replacement !!!!!!",2.0
"Product is fine...but after using 3 or 4 month( bought it on October,19) I was having issue on Microphone(from jan or Feb 2020)......as it was in warranty period I have registered my issue with coustmer supports...Nothing happened...""NO"" support from the other end.....I repeat ""NO SUPPORT"" form ""BOAT COUSTMER SERVICE "". I would give 3.5 out of 5 for the headphones but '0' / ""ZERO"" for coustmer service. Reccomend buy it wisely .",2.0
"Really bad quality wire when compared to Boult earphones , it broke and when compared to Boult , just skip it , these guys are just milking brand with celebraties.",2.0
"If you like its warranty as I , pls don't buy it.  I think its such a nuisance to buy this product and claim for warranty. They didn't help you at all",2.0
"Product quality is good, They are comfortable, soft and to use. You will in love with the product.But these are not long lasting pair of headphone. I bought that product twice and purchased for my more than 8 friends.But everyone faces the same issue that one of the earplug stops working after 7-8 months.",2.0
"Totally Very Low Quality Sound.I was disappointed.But Brand Original 'BOAT' .I'm Return The Product.Sound 100 % Phone Volume Low Sound On Boat Headphone, But Other Brand Headphone Very Loud Sound.",2.0
Sounds quality very bad... primary reason to buy these was mic... people have constantly given feedback that they can't hear clearly and I have had to remove headphones and,2.0
I didnt like the product at all.You wont be able to talk on calls via these.The other person can only hear noise not your voice.I ordered this on 21st March 2020 the day before lockdown .I got it delivered on 17th may and amazon has closed the return window on 3rd of april 2020.So i have no option to return even,2.0
"The product got chipped in less than a month of use, in spite of the one year warranty. The sound quality was initially good but deteriorated drastically within a month of use. Would absolutely not recommend",2.0
"Previously i bought amazon basic, philips ,mi headphones which are way better than this crap headset. cheap quality audio driver no deep base,voice clearity , how come other customers rate this product excellent i don't understand......",2.0
"I purchased  this product 1 week back after using for 3 days it failed to work with insertion knob got damaged. product is too sensitive and less qualitative in nature. won't suggest this better to spend more and purchase qualitative one.Good thing is that they took return on next day of damage and started refunding immediately, Thanks for that.",2.0
"First of all there is no evenness in Sound. I understand that it's the mechanism to get the feel of 3D but the volume no matter even if I keep to the top is very low.And now it's just 3 months now and one side has stopped working.Now, I'm not finding an option to return!!",2.0
Issue with mic may arise.Bad customer supportIts been 3 months since I bought these earphones and the mic of the earphone stopped working so I tried contacting customer care and even tried visiting one but the outlet was not there it had been shifted somewhere else and they had not updated on their website. Also you'll get no help from customer service number or e-mail.,2.0
Sound quality is ok good not as much as i expect from boat. Bass was not good and cannot be use for long time also does not have noise cancellation.I like zebronics(my old earphone) more than boat.,2.0
Not bad for the price but for one major exception... The mic placement is highly unintuitive. It is near the chest so you will have talk louder or hold it physically near your mouth.,2.0
If you're someone who uses headphones for calling and speaking then I definitely do not recommend these earphones. The mic quality is really bad and it got spoilt within two months of use.,2.0
"I ordered this earphone and I received it on 30 May, 2020. Only after 2 months, it stopped working. The product description states that there is 1-year warranty for this product. Kindly return it or else tell how to repair or exchange it as soon as possible.",2.0
As per my view Sound quality is very bad..By spending this amount in local market you can get a excellent headset.there is no bass at all..if you have some knowledge then you can enhance only some bass in equalizer in your mobile..thats it..You can't do anything more than that.,2.0
"If built quality is your one of your priorities then don't go for it, built quality is like 50 rs Chinese products. Expected a bit more at this price. Sounds well, bass well but while playing pubg it doesn't work good. In pubg you barely hear the enemies footsteps.  Noise cancelling is not that great but not even too bad 🥴. After all it's your call.",2.0
3rd class quality don't buy this earphones totally wastage of money. Fuddu bass and sound quality is jst below of 100rs. Wale earphones. Even Chinese earphn much better than this fuddu earphones. I have jst one word for this fuddu earphone is (TATTI).,2.0
Sound quality is ok but make of this headphones with cheap plastic and wires. They are definitely not long lasting.,2.0
"The earphones stopped working within 6 months, had purchased this in the month of July and the left earphone randomly stopped working in Feb and the Google assistant starting switching on by its own. It didn't even stick for it's one year manufacturer warranty period. Really disappointed.",2.0
"I liked the quality of BOAT earphones initially ... Everything was running fine until one day, within a month of it's delivery, it stopped working automatically, without any damage. Infact even the earphone symbol is not shown when plugged in. Not expected such a bad performance from boat. Totally disappointed.",2.0
The mouth piece is too far from the mouth and hence the other person cannot hear you when you are speaking at normal volume . You have to talk lil louder for the other person to hear,2.0
"The product was initially good but after 4 months of use, first the mic stopped working and now, 1 of the ear is also not working. Very disappointing. I was hoping this would last at least  7/8 months.",2.0
"not up to the mark like other products of the brand. ears start just after few minutes of use. even they send me different colour.noise is good, bass is below average, sound quality is worse than ₹50 earphone.",2.0
"It's a really good earpiece for its price and so I bought it again after using my first one for almost a year.This time, less than 3 months in, one side is not working.",2.0
Amazon customer support is horrible when it comes to electronics. They refuse to return within a week of delivery and also they will sell you defective product. And if you ask them to contact the seller they would just refuse saying it's time consuming..,2.0
Simply disappointed...!!I went through reviews before placing order.. maybe I have got a rejected piece or something.Below average product...you can find better earphones out side railway stations at Rupees 60 -70 prize range..!!,2.0
"Product boat 100, made in India orange product is not satisfied me. Sound quality not good and bass quality is very disappointed me. I suggest not to buy this boat headphone from amazon.",2.0
"There is just no bass, like literally no BASS!I tried it on for the first time and I was disappointed.Okay, you will get bass if you shove them inside your ears!Pretty cheap plastic, but what do you expect from a Rs 300 earphone.",2.0
These are not satisfactory product and are not functioning only after few days even cheap quality ear plugs runs more than these one.,2.0
Mic is useless..Other side always complains of not being able to hear...One side stopped completely..So basically life looks to be of 3-5months,2.0
"Unsatisfactory quality of wire and earphones head would recommend boAt Basshead 102 Ear Wire over it , as it comes in the same price range.",2.0
I am returning this. Worst than the Samsung white earphones that you'll get for every Samsung phone. Please don't buy this. If you really want a good earphones. Buy above 1000rs. Even,2.0
"Sound quality is not clear, i think i got detective piece",2.0
For Moto G5 user: Please do not buy this earphone. It got design flaw. Audio jack of this earphone doesn't fit with G5. You have to adjust it by inserting it into right depth for perfect sound which is quite frustrating.  So better look for some other earphone.,2.0
I have ordered my earphones on 8 Feb 2020. It's not working now . It was working good in the past 4 months but now it's not working giving a distorting sound. I dont have my invoice no . How can I replace it and claim 1 year warranty without having invoice no . How can I get my invoice no ?,2.0
Pathetic sound quality.. I had jbl cs100si.. Dolby Atmos audios were so accurate...With this boat true dolby Atmos audios sounded literally flat..Aaj samajh ayaJbl jbl hota haiBoat boat hota hai.,2.0
After using a few minutes feel pain in ears.  The material too hard for ears.  I used samsung headphone which is smooth for ears.  This time my expectation is not matched with reality,2.0
"Don't buy these earphonesIt stopped working after 5 months of use.I registered a complaint to replace itThey came , took it & after 3 months theyDelivered new earphones.Also the new ones stopped working after only 2 months of use.Just don't buy it.. waste of money",2.0
Help me to return or exchange this product.As I purchased this item on 14 Nov 2020 and today it becomes defective in one side of the ear and my product is under 1-year warranty.What needs to be done ??Help me,2.0
One side of the earphone stopped working within 2 months of purchase and the email address they have provided doesn't work and they say they have 1 year warranty.,2.0
Stopped working within 6 months. Product quality is not good. Very difficult to claim the warranty.,2.0
The headset has good bass and alll but after 20 days of usage. One side was not working.I complained about this  through their website of boat. The next day they came and took for the service. Very good service by the Boat company,2.0
Total waste of money..exact opposite of the company's name..just stop working in one month..like that 100rs leads were more workable than this..,2.0
After 5 months of using.. Now its not working. I used to use only 5 to 10 hrs in a week. It means it was lighter used for me but still it has been stopped... I want to replace it...,2.0
Bass is negligible...quite average headphones 🎧,2.0
The durability of the product is not good though the performence is satisfactory. Especially the cover on the male jack  comes out with in one month of regular usage.But it is still working .,2.0
Mic is far.. So other people cant listen properly what you are saying. Worst to take calls,2.0
"The sound quality is good. What isn't so good is the irritation you feel while it's in the ear. It's not at all comfortable. Especially the bud which is painful, and the ear adapter that slips off if your head moves.",2.0
I purchased this product just 3monthd back and in just the period of time the right side plug stopped working. Having a good brand image I always trusted this Boat in terms of quality but this product surely did disappoint me.,2.0
In just two days one side dint work..  Very disappointed.. Hz it that there is warranty for one year and just in two days it's not working..  I expect a replacement..,2.0
"If you want to use this headphone for shorter duration (3-4 months), then only purchase it. I expected this to last longer but this headphone is not meant to last beyond 3-4 months.",2.0
Constantly the aux is getting out from phone. And it's really really frustrating. Bass is not that great as advertised. Add some more money and buy a better one.,2.0
"I ordered the earohones on 6th september, and I handle my earphones with very much care, like literally. Yet one of the sides stopped working.",2.0
I bought in sep 2020 and now its march 2021 now.. It has suddenly.. Breaking sound only my one side of ear phone is working... And another side just not working,2.0
The product design is not suitable in the air and always coming out from the ear.Quality of sound is poor.,2.0
Bass not as good. I have the Mi earphones for the same price and their sound is much better.,2.0
"Had to return it. Not of great value for money. Besides the earphone edges are pointy, people can get hurt if not careful.",2.0
The sound quality is good and bass is also very deep but the wires have been broken and left ear speaker is also not working. Stopped working in 6 months only.,2.0
"Not good for bass lovers, very low bass,add 100-200rs more and purchase jbl earphones they are good in both sound quality and bass",2.0
Sound quality is good. But in only one month  earbud of left side is not working.Since the warranty is there but still care is not available in my area. Disappointed. Boat has to exchanging earphone in online mode also.,2.0
"This product stopped working in warranty period. I am trying to call customer care for warranty on 02249461882 as mentioned in product description, but of no use. My call is not answered.Amazon, Please help.",2.0
Getting issues in claiming warranty and one side of earphone is not working properly I have purchased it on may and now it's jack is also not fitting propertySound quality is but why buy earphone of 400 for 4  not good at all,2.0
Average product but in this price its ok .If ur budget is less than 500 then only go for it.,2.0
"The headphones are good the sound is good only till 1 amoth or 2 , it stopped working after a period now I had to buy a new cuz this didn't give me any sound anymore and is very very bad quality.",2.0
"Sounds are ok, but the wire got cut at several places and now it's not working within a year.",2.0
"bakwas earphone , 50 rs roadside earphone is better than this.it gives less sound compare to Philips earphones",2.0
Cable of earphone gone defective after 2 months. Rest all ok.,2.0
"My opinion about this product is heartbreaking.If u want bass it is not for u. It has many cons than pro. I think in this price range mi is better option.I bought boat bass heads 100 & return it because I can't used it  for a long time, it is so painful to ear.",2.0
The base is not as good and wire is really delicate. My experience with boAt products is getting worse. Need to use these earphones very carefully and their is no promise if it would work for more than 2 months.,2.0
Ordinary Earphones under Rs 350. Sound quality is Ok for the Price.But one of the earphones (left side) stopped working in under 3 months of buying the Product. So I wouldn't suggest this product to anyone.,2.0
It is beautifully customized but after a few minutes my ears are getting hurt .Sound quality is bad.I want to return but there is only replacement option available.Please help@Amazoncustomcare.,2.0
"The sound quality is good not that great, this isn't a good to product for rough users, it broke within 3 months of usage, also the mic quality and the buttons are very bad. The ear buds come off easily. One needs to be very careful with these,they are delicate darlings.",2.0
Poorly designed earphones. Keeps falling off.,2.0
These earphones stopped working after mere a month kr so after the purchase !The quality of sound was good at the given price ..but it just stopped working all together.Disappointed,2.0
worked for 2 months only....Don't buy it,2.0
One ear plug lost sound within 6 months.,2.0
Not happy. Doesn't stay in the ears. Keeps falling off. Sound is sharp.,2.0
"Ordered this product for the bass effect. But very disappointed about the bass. It's flat.Qualitywise it is worth and very good for calling purpose. When it comes to music, sorry it is not up to the mark.",2.0
It worked all these days 6 months..But sadly it's no more working...May be it's life is only 6 months...😟😟,2.0
Not very good. Uncomfortable to ears too. Regretting the purchase..,2.0
"Excellent, Enjoying listening music everday",2.0
Its not a great product for the price. The sound is harsh when the music rhythm changes. Packaging was bad and was not sent in box. Not satisfied,2.0
"The ear phone stopped working within five months and both of the ear buds got spoiled. This was sparsely used still it failed and is such a waste of  money, do not buy this.",2.0
"As i had purchased This product in jan, 2020 and now it's not working properly and noise quality is also very poor after use of few months, as it's under warranty period so i want to replace it.",2.0
"my earphones are not working under warranty period, and I don't get any options for replacement. don't trust this product.",2.0
Firstly i love the earphones but under one year the one side get off which all the boat earphones has but it sounds so good that it is segment leading but quality is very poor so I will give 5 stars for sound and 0 star for quality,2.0
"Product is not up to the mark, seems like duplicate product.",2.0
"The sound quality is not that excellent it's like okay....the drawback is in microphone, the receiver could not hear me properly when I use this headset",2.0
"Hope i had seen this review at my time, nevermind these earphones will won't last long, they get damaged too soon, plus there is no bass, mine got damaged in a week only and we can't even replace:((",2.0
"Not at all up to the mark as promised in advt. A big let down. Local headphones, nonbranded, sound better.",2.0
"Within few weeksnof use , the mic us not working. I had bought this for both use of having official meeting in ear phones and to hear songs, now because of this mic issue had  to but a new one",2.0
Not up to expectations. One side stopped working after a month,2.0
"Waste one, microphone stopped working within 4 months",2.0
"Not even 3 months have passed and its has gone bad already. Robotic voice, one side of the earphone has stopped working. The support website doesn't work, cannot even claim the warranty. Worst purchase ever.",2.0
One side was not working after few months ...Dissapointed a lot.....un Happy.....,2.0
"Not a good product ,too much disturbance if the wire is even touched a little bit. Not upto the mark and disappointed from Boat.",2.0
"Sound quality is good, but it’s not able to stick to my ears, buds design is not upto mark. Microphone is not clear, need to keep infront of mouth",2.0
not as per the standard that i was looking for guess not the original product,2.0
Not very impressive,2.0
No Bass effect for any songs very disappointed by BOAT.Recommended :-  Should nt buy if u r music listener,2.0
"Build quality is average. This is my 5th earphone of same product, and always they got defected from wire joint near audio jack.",2.0
The product quality is great and they are working fine for me. The Only problem is it has very low audio and almost no bass. Do not purchase and look for some other product.,2.0
"When calling someone with this earphone, the other person can not get my voice......",2.0
Noise cancellation is so poor...ear buds are not fitting to my ears...dey just drop out  after every few secs i have to support dem mannually....plz retirn it n let me buy something else..plz refund in my amazon pay instead of repalcing it,2.0
Product is good for sound..but can be improved and n ergonomic design for fitting to ears..but cost was less.so it was Ok,2.0
Sound quality was good but  there is only big issue with this earphone is that it jack is loose I had purchasd one and returned it also but same problem arises  finally I returned the product and taken my money back,2.0
earphones are good but they are so small that slips from ears. better go for another one,2.0
I actually bought them to use with my tab but they r not even connecting to my device. But they r connecting to the mobile and are also working good with it,2.0
"One side of headphone was not working after 3months, when I tried to claim the warranty the product was collected but never replaced,  highly disappointed with the service..",2.0
"Average product, lacks bass and uncomfortable . It also does not have volume button s",2.0
After 7 months of use both the headphone earpiece is not working.Think before buying.,2.0
It worked fine first but after few weeks it by its own would get disconnected somehow and whatever you were listening through it would play in loudspeaker mode.,2.0
Speaker quality is good.But mic quality is very bad. it is almost inaudible untill n unless u keep mic very close to ur mouth,2.0
quality and vlearity of sound  is not good,2.0
"No volume control, doesn't fit in the ear, falls off, short wires,Nothing good about it!",2.0
Damage in 2 month. Now not working at all.,2.0
"Ear is fully plugged.... After few minutes use ,I feel so bad. Not as per my choice.",2.0
I have return the product because of bad sound quality. No Base,2.0
The earphone is very good. But it stopped working after 2 months. I had to change my review for this thing. I thought boat is a good company. But they are not even replying me back for the after sale service.,2.0
Normal like earphone...not better than mi,2.0
"Though sound quality was ok initially, the headsets became unserviceable within two months despite limited usage. Quality is not good",2.0
Bass is good but if u sound lover it's not for u. This headfree effect is mix,2.0
"It somewhat creates a lot of noise and the voice drops at intervals from the right ear piece. Also, the mice placement is not good. You have to hold it in your hand for the other person to hear.",2.0
It's a waste of money. Don't buy these if you want better sound quality.,2.0
"Like audio, voice sound super,but right side head set problam in 2 month use,quality bad",2.0
I received a damage ear phones aftr using it for one day it's mic is not working at all I use boat ear phones before also but this tym I'm dm unsatisfied waste of money n delivery is also bad I have to go by my own to receive my parcel,2.0
"The wire may definitely become worstQuality of wire was not goodAfter 2 to 3 months of usage , one of the earphone stoped working",2.0
Stopped working within 9 months...applied for repairing...,2.0
Well it was after a week that the mike stopped workingBut the best part was the warranty where they replaced it by another earphone,2.0
Nothing special for 400 rupee earphones. Had high expectations from boAt. Even a 200 rupee earphone has better wire quality and same sound quality. Not worth it.,2.0
"I can't talk with earphone,whyI can't understand till now",2.0
Material quality was good but their is no Bass quality also a little voice stings.Not valuable product 😒😒😒,2.0
Very average headphone. Hyper advertised. Nothing so special about base and noise reduction.,2.0
"Don't buy this product. You'll have to return it. I found the sound quality very very poor. To confirm this, I used a local 50₹ earphones and then this one, I found the local one much better.",2.0
If you are a song lover then do not buy this product as it has no bass but if you want it for calling purpose then you must go for it because it's worth it,2.0
Don't buy it it's base is not good and hampering sound is occurring when we volume up.,2.0
"No bass, quality OK, expected more from boat",2.0
It's not more than a month and one of the earphone is not working. I received no support to claim the warranty as this comes with 1 year warranty. The contact numbers and the emails mentioned on the warranty card are not in use. I want this product to be replaced with new one.,2.0
Not happy  with the qual. Reviewed after using it 1month,2.0
"This product has good sound quality but don't prefer this.Mine has been damaged before the warranty period, and when I applied for warranty till now it's not been replaced.Go for jbl or Mi",2.0
"This earphone doesn't go well with MI phones. It has performance issues during call on MI phones. During call, this earphone  generats a lot of noise, doesn't sends voice well and works at certain angle only. This creates unnecessary problems during call.",2.0
"Highly disappointed, one side of the earphone is not working, its just been 2.5 months. Worst. Now I have to contact them for replacement. You know the process and time it takes.",2.0
this product should be bought if you care only about the sound and not the durability. I expected atleast a year's use out of this. but its already stopped working,2.0
This is a very basic headphone.. it has low sound and almost no bass. Not a good product from boat..,2.0
I bought these earphones on 15 th julyAnd now the date is 7 sep the sound quality is good but the mic has is on his last breath the mic sound quality is low .,2.0
"The pods are way too sensitive,  the person on the other end can even hear the wind at your end!",2.0
Sound quality is good. But faulty product and within 90 days one side stopped working. Amazon replacement warranties are over and its been a waste of money.,2.0
Both the earbuds stopped working after 4 months of purchaseWill speak with service center and update comments,2.0
"Actually I would prefer you to go with mi basic earphones which comes at the same price range, the quality of bass ,vocals everything is best in mi basic as compared to boat bassheads 100.",2.0
"Its better to buy something else.1. no good connectivity,2. very poor mic literally you have to scream3. costwise 1500 is not worth for this productpaying lil more extra and try buying good ones",2.0
One of the earplugs stopped working after 2-3 months only and there's issue with the mic. It never works fine in laptops. You can rather spend some more amount and buy JBL.,2.0
I don't know why they are called bassheads! They have no bass at all.,2.0
If you bay this for bass quality so pls don't bay this sound quality is good but bass quality is very poor.,2.0
One of the ear phone is not working within one year or purchase...went for replace they mentioned physical damage ( small cut ) was there and that earphone was working  ...weird but they didn't replace,2.0
Sounds clear with good bass. But doesn't feel good in ear. Feels kinda of heavy,2.0
Worst product. I purchased 2 earphones but they both worked only for 1 month. After 1 month 1 side stopped working after 1 week both side stopped working,2.0
First time i fit into the j7 prime it doesn't get match...the sound quality is some what better. Left speaker only working.Right side doesn't works. If you are searching for a good headset for Samsung...search for something better ...this is totally scrap. GUD LUCK!,2.0
Works really well but only for a month then either right or left side will stop workingDon't buy,2.0
Duh,2.0
Output is giving too much bass that cannot be controlled when recording,2.0
"Quality is not upto expectation, it is so thin not durable for sure ...It's delicate Baby",2.0
"Sound quality is not at all good it is very sharp with treble and there is no return policy available to get refund back, only can replace item",2.0
It should use noise cancellation technique. The plug which we insert in ear should be straight. It is bended.,2.0
"Love it but durability is very bad. Used it for less than two months and got spoiled ,I was very disappointed",2.0
The sound is good. But there are issues with mike. After dew days its stopped working. And I am unable to replace. I would not recommend it if mike is anyone's priority,2.0
Over all its good..... But if You want to use more than six month then go for another brand.,2.0
They are crappy earphones with a very cheap cable and cheap sound..this was my first boat product and highly disappointed..not a single thing that i can praise,2.0
Sound coming out of mobile even the ear phones jack is plugged in.,2.0
It was ordered 6 months before.. and now its one side is dead ...not working.... The quality was good when both the pods were working,2.0
Sound not working after 1 month,2.0
"It doesn't last forever more than 2 months, ordered second time but the same thing happened. They will not help me with warranty",2.0
Not expected the bass quality is very worthless and also soud quality is not clear don't buy it it you are looking goood quality earphone..,2.0
Definitely not 'Bass Heads'Zero bass. You to lower the volume to be able to listen to music. Has that 'screeching' effect at high volumes.Fine for the price. Could be a lot better !,2.0
After 2 or 3 months its AUX pin is not working very well. It is disconnected automatically after some time.,2.0
One of the poorest headphone design I have ever had. It invites headache whenever I wear. I think the ear piece design is not good,2.0
"I could use it only  for 6 months , every thing was fine until then. Expected more lifetime for this.",2.0
"please return my money this earphone stop working in just 1. half month literally bad service from Amazon,flip kart better than amazon",2.0
"Didn't expect that it would stop working within 1 month of buying, one plug stopped working and simultaneously the next too within a day!!Horrible!!",2.0
Not worth the money spent.,2.0
The right ear piece wasn't working properly. Faulty product received,2.0
"It doesn't meet to expectations if u want to buy this it is not more with than of 150rs, U can get equally bass in other Chinese cheap leads, It my worst ear phone",2.0
Not so good compare to other in-hear headphones. It is difficult to connect to phones after certain usage.,2.0
Comes out of ear very easily.,2.0
Very Chep quality product from boAt,2.0
Very cheap headset,2.0
"Its not that much good, bass quality is not so good don't have control voice button, its an average product.",2.0
1 month 1 side ear not working,2.0
mic is damaged after 4 monthstotal g headset is damaged after 8 monthsnot much good product it didn't worked till  end of the warranty period 😤😤,2.0
This earphone are not working in redmi 5 mobile phone.Mic are vary noise coming out.All over I talk to you not by this earphone. Thanks you,2.0
"Sound, comfort and built everything was great. Loved the product but received a defective product so returned it.",2.0
Worst in all aspects...waste of money....within a week one parts gives slow sound than other ...and there is NO RETURN facility...only replacement...which is not worth at this price .:((,2.0
This price to much high for middle  class familyYou used only two months and he damage automaticallyAnd facility very slow this reason I dislike this product,2.0
"Plz don't buy i am not satisfied with this product sound quality is not good like a local product, build quality  also i refunded this product.",2.0
not good,2.0
There is no noise cancelling feature. Infact receiver can clearly able to listen surroundings except who is on call. While listening song you will experience odd sounds.,2.0
All are good.. But not holding in ear.. it's falling from ear,2.0
It does not last one month because I buy it on 23 July and now on 14 August it's left ear plug is stop working.so I suggest you to don't buy it and save money to buy any headphone,2.0
If u r fond of listening to music then this product is ok ok. If u want to use it for calling then its not a good choice.,2.0
"quality not good, stopped working in a month time.",2.0
"I bought earphones in november 2019 but right side ear plug got spoiled . I can't imagine how a branded earphones like BOAT can be get spoiled within 2  months. So, depressed about the product",2.0
Faulty product delivered...Took replacement within a week...even after replacement....product stop working within 6 months.,2.0
Everything was good it's just that the headphone stopped working from one side and that too within 15 days of buying it,2.0
Noise cancellation works 0%. A disgraceful product with low quality sound system and falsely advertised specs. One of my top disappointing purchases.,2.0
The earphone is good but just after 4 days of usage the mic is not working. For few days on plugging the ear phones the phone touch screen used to auto press but now it is back to normal. Overall Good,2.0
"Sound bhot kam hai ise acha 50 rupees wala soumd deta hai per naam bada hai boat , quality didn't match as boat",2.0
Product is good but not as expected!,2.0
Didn't even last for an year... Even though it says warranty for 1 year however the warranty card is of no use..,2.0
You can use this earphone maximum for 3 months and then it's stop working. It's good for short term use . I am giving it 2 stars only for its sound quality.,2.0
Very bad product. It stopped working within 2 months. Not at all good,2.0
"Sometimes on the call, our own voice reflects back and it's echoing. Not upto the mark. Better go with some other headphones in this range.",2.0
"The noise cancellation is good but the sound quality and bass is not good, this time boat has disappointed me, I would like to return these earphones as soon as possible.",2.0
Major concern that earphones don't fit in my ears. Mic is also not at all good. Sound quality is good not so great.,2.0
In a start it was great but after 4-5 months it's stopped working.First it was from one side and in next few days both side stopped working.Didn't like this product.,2.0
This ear phones is like  just only for listening what we speak is not audible to the person other side and sound on the right side bud is less than left side one,2.0
"The buds are uncomfortable in ear, basshead 225 is more atleast 2 times better than it...i could not feel the original voice of the singer,it is a very bad basic head phone ,not for music lovers,",2.0
Uncomfortable to wear. Bought it since I needed a pair urgently.,2.0
It's very uncomfortable to put in ears,2.0
Sound quality was up to the mark and wire are easily breakable.,2.0
No bass ... Product is also avg,2.0
Sound quality is pretty average,2.0
Not comfortable,2.0
"The product was good but they got damaged within 2 months, so I feel the product wasn't new and fresh. I am really disappointed right now!!!",2.0
"When I brought it was very good ,after 2 weeks left side earphone stops working,may be because of some internal wiring problem. They mentioned one year warranty, I don't know how to claim .",2.0
VERY DISAPPOINTEDNOT AT ALL WORTH THE MONEYNO BASS EFFECTCRACKLING SOUND ON THE LEFT PLUG ( came defective )AM RETURNING THE ITEM RIGHT AWAY FOR MONEY BACK,2.0
Sound quality is average with very less bass.Treble is good.,2.0
Bought product in Feb'21 & it has stopped working in AprilWhile the sound quality is good... the product's life is too short,2.0
Earphones showing it's true colours in just few weeks poor quality,2.0
Very uncomfortable for the ears. Causes pain after a few minutes,2.0
Real cheap quality wites just broke by a light pull. Waste of money,2.0
Stop working after few months,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It has not even been a month and they are already broken😒",2.0
High price for a low quality product.,2.0
After 2 month only one side is working,2.0
The sound quality was great when I used it but stopped working after 6 months. Would've given 5 stars otherwise,2.0
Not so Good In terms of Lasting.No response from customer service for warrenty claim.,2.0
"Not as expected from a brand like ""boat"". After 1 month one side stopped working. Replaced. After 1 year 8 months same problem.",2.0
Product was defective and the sound is also not so fragmented as committed by BOAT,2.0
"mic is very down the wire. so you need to hold the mic while talking. otherwise on call, you will be not audible to others. very disappointed by this stupid design.",2.0
Used only for 5months and both the sides stopped working. Sound quality is good but not durable. Doesnt last for long.,2.0
This is a basic kind of earphone in budget range which have a medium sound quality with bass and noise cancellation. As I was finding ear phone in budget range it does fully my demands ☺️,2.0
I brought one same product 1 year back it was good quality product but now same product had issues of quality,2.0
"Everytime after using for few mins,it gets heated up..my friend also have same earphones,facing same issue..very disappointing",2.0
The sound quality was too good... You can hear each beat... Even at high volume the song won't crash but the durability of the earphones is just too poor. I had to buy new earphones just after 3 months of using this.,2.0
What expected from a low chineese product. One side stopped working just under three months. Bought it after seeing to much sale of this product.,2.0
"Was working alright but after 9 months, the earpiece on left was not working, no sound can be heard... think before you buy",2.0
Bad quality.Buy some cheap earphones from roadside.They have better sound than this,2.0
Earphones are good in sound qualityBut don't last long left earplug stopped working within 6months of use,2.0
"Bought this earphone handled with care but no use, durability doesn't stand for a month.Prefer to buy a wireless then wasting the money on this.",2.0
It's been 2 months since I brought the product it just stopped working and when I visited the boat showroom they told me that they don't look over the  online products. Pretty disappointing,2.0
Mic is not working after one month don't buy not worth. Sound quality is good,2.0
We want replacement of product as the same stopped working within 6months time as it had  one with 1 year warranty,2.0
I initially liked the product but within 4 months the product stopped working properly and I'm really upset with the product,2.0
Not too good,2.0
"As I got replace the same product due to sound quality, like when I use the product while I am on call then voice disturbance is there , then I have to mould the wire and then some voice quality improve.It's only gud for music.",2.0
product is not upto the mark its got faulty in six months,2.0
The buttons are not working in this replaced piece also.Pretty poor conditions of make...,2.0
Not like image,2.0
Lower than Samsung EHS64 ... sound quality should improve ..,2.0
"This is pretty loud song but Amazon need to be good in packing , it's box was really stuffed due to overload of weight on it. Kindly see this",2.0
"The mic is crappy , I have just unboxed and used it just to found out the mic is noisy 😐 , sadly the return window is also closed",2.0
"I brought this one week ago, so I am sharing the headphon quality.Please don't want to buy this product, sound quality is too bad.Totally waste of money.",2.0
The headset doesn't have any bass volume. It's plays in a treble volume. It's irritates my ear. You should change product name.!,2.0
"Worst quality for this much money.Instead buy 4times better- mi earphones at same price.Wondering, how it is a bestselling item",2.0
"Not upto my expectations not good mic , noise cancellation also poor the sound quality is nice compared to other features",2.0
"Supposed bassheads are low on bass, the treble in fact is too much to bear. Wires are super thin and prone to damage.The sound produced is very sharp and irritates beyond a point. Not at all satisfied by the product.",2.0
Not working properly about in one and half month,2.0
Brought on january 19th(delivered)todayits june19 5month and its not working one side poor wiring quality,2.0
"It's an okay okay product!, but still people better from company like Boat.It stopped working with just 3 month of normal usage!",2.0
"No Bass, average sound quality",2.0
"While the sound quality is really good,  the mic quality is the worst I have ever experienced. Not at all satisfied with the purchase.",2.0
"Its been 10days I bought from day 1 onwards there are many problems like pin problem,Noise cancellation,Bass quality.Bad decision of buying this.",2.0
"There is a problem with my jack cable, I have to plug out and plug in after every two minutes. This is soo annoying. Is there an replacement for it!?",2.0
I disliked the quality of sound and bass. The Mike is in middle. Am I speaking from my mouth or chest. J,2.0
product is gud. but it gets damage twice in a year.. so.. i suggest u better go for better model..,2.0
"After usage of 1 Year, 5 Months left side earphone is not working but the warranty is only 1 year so don't recommend buying this product.",2.0
The sound is coming from one earphone only I bought this in January 2021 and it's showing defect in march 202q,2.0
"overall sound quality was good, but after 15 days of use , left earpiece stopped working.",2.0
Your browser does not support HTML5 video.,2.0
The product which I received does not satisfy me.The soundquality is not that much good.Even the ear phone bought in open market is good compared to this,2.0
One side of the earphone doesn't work anymore.,2.0
I bought nearly 4 months but 9ne bud is not working and one bud is working not clearly...,2.0
i bought this product 2 month back and it got damaged. the mike is not working. very much dissatisfied,2.0
"When you get it for a low price, don't expect much quality. It's ok for the price you pay.",2.0
don't buy it if you need to use it for a long time,2.0
The sound quality it all right but the wire quality it not Good..mine worked only for 3 months.,2.0
"It stopped working in one year after like 5 months, barely. Spent 400rs on it and this is what I get. So disappointed. :(",2.0
i am writing review after  use after  1 and half month. some times one side speaker not working.bass quality not good.and not comfortable ear.,2.0
Vortex 279Rs is lot better than this.,2.0
It's one ear piece stopped working within three months even though I don't use it on daily baisis,2.0
It's a very poor quality product..bought on June 2020.. already one ear plug not working,2.0
Works fine only for a few months,2.0
"Build quality is good, but as the name suggests it doesn't actually have enough bass. The sound is more towards Vocal and trebble.",2.0
Good,2.0
I listened to all types of songs on this. But it not up to the mark. No proper bass & poor sound quality. Do not buy this,2.0
Didn't work left earphone after 2 month of purchase it..,2.0
Product was delivered on time and have used it as well but after somedays its one side stopped working and then eventually the other side also stopped working,2.0
I want to apply for the warranty. One side of earphone is not working and the product is still in warranty period. Please respond to it.,2.0
"This is an honest review , just within an year it stopped working. Also the clearity of sound is good in it but doesn't have bass",2.0
"Not very good. Good sound quality, but very poor resistance to noise and dirt.",2.0
One earpiece not working in a month,2.0
volume is quite low. Bass is medium. Sound quality is quite descent.,2.0
Bought it 15 days ago n now can't hear a thing.Now the replacement window has been closed and no ways to get replaced .,2.0
Good,2.0
The sound quality is good. But the built quality is very poor. It can be easily broken if not handled with utmost care.,2.0
Not so good,2.0
I want to return it because the ear lid is not working properly and i have 1 year warrenty card also..,2.0
Sound quality and all is good but it's reducing and increasing volume on its own,2.0
Its a ok ok product. Dont expect too much from this headphones. Add few hundreds more and go for other headphones for better quality.,2.0
"Material is cheap, mic is only for display.Its only For one time use.",2.0
Within a month item has stopped workingWaste of money,2.0
Just an AVERAGE PERFORMANCE Product..,2.0
"Within 4 months of purchase, the left side of the earphones has very low volume. Disappointed.",2.0
No Such Bass found in this headphone.. This is a normal headphone and manufacturing quality is good. Thanks only for 1 year warranty..,2.0
Bad ear phone not even worked for 2month . one part is working another is not working.  I recommended u to not to buy this earphone.,2.0
"Zero bass & zero noise cancellation, average quality only (not satisfied at all)",2.0
not durable,2.0
Hugely disappointing,2.0
This is OK bt base is bad!!! And microphone isn't sensitive enough,2.0
I was happy with the earphones but one earplug stopped working in 4 months. Really disappointed.,2.0
"Hi, have purchased this ear set on 30 tu jan 2020, and its in warrenty having problem with Right side one not able to hear please replace with new one",2.0
Ok but the quality is waste sound is some what ok and 😢 🙄 😏 😏😷😏😷😏 😏 😏. 😏 😏,2.0
Did not last for 4 months. Quality issue. Branded Chinese product. Noise quality is okay- okay.,2.0
Color is very dull in real. Its not actually pink.,2.0
Bad product problem in plugging in mobile,2.0
"Just we get branded earphone with 300rs, which is equal to 100rs non-branded product.",2.0
The string is od worst quality..overall the sound and bass quality is good,2.0
Sound quality and everything is good except it stop working within a month,2.0
Not so good product. After 6 months now I am faccing many  sound problems.,2.0
Product is upto the price only.Product stopped working after some time.,2.0
Ear phones was good but it got damaged just because of some sweat fallen on mic.,2.0
noise cancellation is not working,2.0
"Sound &bass were good, but left year not working after after 20 days, I want to return but return period was over 👎",2.0
one side ear bud wasn't working after 6 months of usage,2.0
Boat c100 is not great sound quality but realmrbuds2 much better sound quality don't go for boat c100,2.0
This product is only okay type.Bass quality is very poor.sound quality is not good.overall unsatisfied,2.0
the sound quality is not so good. I am not satisfied with the overall quality of the headphone.,2.0
Not worth the price. Poor quality. No bass. Not comfortable on ears.,2.0
Go for a earphone range of 600 - 800 ... Because its bass is very bad and sound is not so high as I expected...,2.0
The product I bought gave me one year guarantee but my ear phones stopped working within 2 months and there is no return option now. Kindly help me for the same,2.0
Ok types,2.0
It's been 1-2 month and earphones stopped working. @boatindia i want new earphone. Fully disaster,2.0
Right side earphone stopped working after 4 months,2.0
Microphone problem,2.0
"I expected more. But it not reached atleast average, because of very low sound and bass was too low. But tribal was reached more to expecting.",2.0
It's been only  4 months of usage . Mic is no more working and also sound is coming out through one side of the earphones only .,2.0
One earphone not working.. not a good purchase..,2.0
"super product with lite weight, creat ear pain",2.0
"Within 1 month, one side stopped working",2.0
Not up to expectations,2.0
Sound is not clear.music beats is not in this earphone.voice not clear .i want to return this product,2.0
After six months of use  it is not working properly,2.0
Material is ok but the quality is very low choose skull candy,2.0
After 8 month Jack wire going loose....... Very sad moment... No wire broken.... But सोंड gone time time,2.0
Very bad product.worst experience product stop working after 15 days,2.0
Others on the receiving side  are hearing huge noise disturbance while I speak,2.0
"Within a month, one side stopped working",2.0
Good one but not for long days...,2.0
"The product seems to be fake,  as the sound quality doesnt match the previous boat earphone of the same model.",2.0
No key of volume setting. Not like the product.,2.0
Within the two month of purchase left earpiece stop working .,2.0
Ok,2.0
Sound quality is poor.,2.0
Good,2.0
Voice quality very low. Not up to the mark.,2.0
"Not much good quality. Not more than 6 month, u can use it.",2.0
Not like i expected it has low bass. Gaming voice not good.,2.0
Sound okThere is no bass..... Like local ear phones..,2.0
Sound quality  is  not  so goodNoise cancellation is lessBass quality  is  poor.,2.0
Not working well nowSound is very lowPlease tell me the procedure to return,2.0
"i do not like the design of the earpiece, built quality is low.",2.0
Not working nicely,2.0
earphone is okay but the main thing in music these days is base which is zero in this earphone so i would not recommend it,2.0
Not good quality. Good for few days/hours,2.0
Not good,2.0
I use AirPods Pros so yea it kinda sucks,2.0
I have puchaesd it on dec. It has one year warranty. But with in warrantey period the product is not working,2.0
Not up to the mark,2.0
"Less quality , bass quality my expectations.",2.0
Broke in 3 days because of a simple pull,2.0
"Afer 2 week use, i found that left speaker of the headset is comparatively bad in sound clarity, volume. Etc...",2.0
Sound is rough in earsBas is not good,2.0
"Box was damaged and extra buds, pouch not in ther",2.0
No bass low sound quality money waste dont buy it,2.0
Just like ordinary earphone.....,2.0
"Very disappointing, could not be able to download the invoice. Within 20 days its broken",2.0
Worked very fine for 5 months then one ear stoped working,2.0
One side of the earphone stops working within 10 months😡,2.0
Good,2.0
Not good at this price instead you can go with mi basic ear phonesBass come's while deeply inserting into ear it causes someward pain.,2.0
One side speaker not working after 3 months of purchaseNot a Good Product,2.0
The earphones we're gud but one side stopped working after 2 months,2.0
After one month of usage left side is not working.Now after 2 months completely stopped working,2.0
One side of earphone is not working after one  month,2.0
I was so expensive and did not work even for a 45 days ...total waste of money.,2.0
Mic doesn't work properly,2.0
Try different,2.0
"Not suited for ear. Bass quality low, soundd quality look like normal headset. not any benefit for 399 rupees for this headset.",2.0
After using five month one side of your phone is that the waste of 400,2.0
Made in China product....no I can't return...,2.0
"Audio pin is bad, not working properly.",2.0
Base quality is very poor...but normal sound effect is o.k... .overall this headset normal sound quality is ok...otherwise no expectation is bass quality,2.0
Product quality is poor,2.0
Average product ...product quality is not according to cost...,2.0
"Delicate wire , absurd design , poor base , instead buy mi earphone almost same price ,",2.0
Not nice.. Written warranty was 1 year but it lasts max to max 3 months,2.0
One of the plugs stopped working and it's been just 4 months that I bought it,2.0
"Boats has a nice bass speaker so I bought this, and I am really disappointed tbh.",2.0
Not good,2.0
you will not get a bass as per mentioned,2.0
Didnt recieve the extra buds....it is clearly mention....,2.0
I received this headfone. And pause/play button dont work at all....Highly not recommonded to anyone,2.0
Useless,2.0
Need to replace. Pls call me else quality was not good,2.0
Product got failed within short time.,2.0
Mic is pathetic don't buy this earphone...🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏,2.0
Waste,2.0
Average quality.And low life.I will not suggest to buy this,2.0
Very low sound,2.0
Sound quality is very poor heard to hear,2.0
"The item send to me, one was not working at all.",2.0
Sound quality is not good and mic is not working,2.0
Material used in making this product is very cheap..not worth the money,2.0
I bought a week ago the mic is not working now,2.0
Built quality is fragile,2.0
"Not adjust and not fit easily in ears, sound quality is ok, not compatible for iphone 6s.",2.0
When it moves in 3.5mm jack noise come in the earphone,2.0
Sound quality not good,2.0
There is no bass in this earphone. Local earphone has better quality of bass in it. For boat company earphone Value of money is 3 out of 10 .,2.0
Exchange offer,2.0
"Mic not working, problem occured within 6 months. Poor quality of product",2.0
Everything is good for listening but there is problem in mic.,2.0
Actually I can't hear from both side sometime,2.0
Sound quality isn't good,2.0
Make the quality of product up to standard level,2.0
Stopped working in 3 months,2.0
Toomuch delicate to use waste of money,2.0
stoped working,2.0
poor,2.0
Worst headphone seen ever...within one month the mic button is not working.,2.0
Not working after 1week. Bad quality.,2.0
Mic button for pause/play is not working and can't pick calls by that button,2.0
Very thin wire.. :(,2.0
Product is OK it is given one year warranty but with in 6 months one side its not working. Need to improve...,2.0
Sound quality is so bad. I stopped using it anymore,2.0
Earphone broke within 1 year,2.0
Wire worn out within three months,2.0
"In less than 6 months of my purchase, it has started giving problem. Not very comfortable to ears.",2.0
This is a good product but don't goes for long term.,2.0
Mic is not proper...opposite person cannot hear until i get mic close to mouth..,2.0
Very bad earphones it will not support calls better go for some other earphones.,2.0
There was so much built-up on this product. It's just an average headphone.,2.0
Ear adjustment is not good at all...sound quality not clear...,2.0
Not good,2.0
I use only 3 month then not working both side Plz exchange my earphone....,2.0
It doesn't have bass as it should suppose to be,2.0
One side of the Earphones not working after few months,2.0
I BOUGHT THIS AND I FOUND THAT RIGHT SIDE EAR PIECE IS NOT WORKING ..VERY DISAPPOINTED,2.0
BROKEN MICROPHONE BUT GOOD SOUND QUALITY,2.0
Product not working how to clam warranty this product,2.0
Not satisfied with this product,2.0
Within a year it is not working,2.0
It's have nosing no hearing voice clearly not probably adopted for redmi y2 how can i return this product,2.0
Waste of money.. Spend 100 more or less to get better earphones,2.0
OK product in terms of the price it is sold at. Nothing great. Not very comfortable to wear.,2.0
In some device its not working,2.0
"Ear set not comfortable, Noise",2.0
Stopped working after 9 months,2.0
Left side ear phones has not working.,2.0
Speaker is still working but mic is unserviciable since one month..Where to report???,2.0
After a month use showing trouble in sound. Lot of noise when ideal.,2.0
The mic stopped working after 2 months,2.0
Ok,2.0
In just 4 month Mic stopped working.. I don't like the product,2.0
With in 9 months left side speaker is bot working properly,2.0
Made in China product hence I'm giving it 2 star.,2.0
Mike is not working after 2 months. How can I replace it?,2.0
Nice at this price rate,2.0
Kept them safely. And Voice clarity worsened within 2 months.,2.0
It was good at first than the right one got completely nil it's been only 2 to 3 months,2.0
"Not good, sound is irritating.",2.0
Im using it for 2 months but suddenly left speaker gone very sad and the Amazon bill has been erased print so I can't get it replaced,2.0
Poor quality,2.0
I need the refund because it's not working properly,2.0
Sound Quality is good but it got damaged pretty quickly,2.0
Working stopped after 4 months,2.0
My product was damaged,2.0
After 5-6 month one ear sound damage,2.0
Nice sound and all but it will not last for a long .,2.0
The earphone buds were very much irritating...painful,2.0
Audio pin is loose and creates noise while on call,2.0
Not comfortable,2.0
Sound quality is poor,2.0
Absolutely no Bass,2.0
There is an echo in the microphone.,2.0
Mic stopped working after one week. And sounds quality is good.,2.0
Poor sound quality,2.0
Don't buy ...waste of money,2.0
Sound of this earphone is not good,2.0
It's not good for calling,2.0
It stopped working within 2 months,2.0
Unwanted Noise while sending audio messages.,2.0
Left side of earphone not working after 1 month,2.0
According cost quality not Good,2.0
Product having issue after few month right side aound not coming,2.0
Stopped working after 2 months,2.0
Eventually It's stop working after 3 months of purchasing...can I plz get its invoice...as it is still in warranty period,2.0
Average sound,2.0
Sound quality was average.,2.0
Mic quality is not good,2.0
Not worth buying,2.0
Speaker position,2.0
Not working properly from the very first day.,2.0
Life of the product is very less,2.0
It stopped working within a month,2.0
I dont like this product bcoz i have taken before some days and now its not working,2.0
Bad quality,2.0
Not so great. Bass is very poor.,2.0
nothing so good its ok-ok..,2.0
Cable quality is worst,2.0
The product was open,2.0
I got damaged product,2.0
Not satisfief,2.0
Sound dissblance one ear rightside,2.0
NOT THAT GOOD EARPHONE THAT I EXPECTED.,2.0
Waste of money,2.0
Average earphone ..,2.0
Not fully fitting to your ears,2.0
Average product .....,2.0
After using it for 1 months I found  overall sound quality is poor. Bass is cheap.,2.0
Will Not recommending anyone,2.0
Not a good product,2.0
Mine stopped working within 5 months. Now there's no return option in the menu.,2.0
It got damaged within 6 months.,2.0
Sounds nice for only 4-5 days. and no more bass then after.also not comfortable to ear.,2.0
Product is good but customer care is not responsing for product replacement,2.0
Hi I buy product on 9th April only 1-2 month worked properly after that it's not working 😔,2.0
one speaker was not working so returned,2.0
Quality is average.. There won't  b any warrenty coverage...,2.0
Very bad,2.0
Buying After 20days the left side head /speaker have damaged ...very depressed,2.0
It stopped working just in 3months! Waste of money.,2.0
Nice good,2.0
Terrrible base tooo high...very Irritating,2.0
The headphones came wet who delivers an electronic gadget with dripping water highly dissapointed,2.0
It stopped working suddenly in less than a year,2.0
Product is good but developes problem in one side of earphones after certain time.,2.0
Microphone is not working,2.0
Stopped working after 2 months,2.0
Bass quality and noice cancellation was good!but Stopped working within 6 months.,2.0
This headphones are not working properly  this must be replaced.,2.0
One of the ear bud got lost in few weeks,2.0
"Poor sound quality,  Bass rating is 0.",2.0
It's good 😀bass quality is also good,2.0
Mike not working after a month,2.0
Not good iPhone 6 users don't buy this because this is too bad to us,2.0
Stopped working just in 4 months,2.0
The headphones have only left side working and the right has barely got any sound.,2.0
Like,2.0
This product are not connect any other phone that mins realme phones 3,2.0
poor,2.0
Useless after few months,2.0
Not happy,2.0
Worst product..not worth for it dont go for it,2.0
Not functioning properly,2.0
1 side got damaged in a month.Sound quality is not too good,2.0
Very average sound quality,2.0
Poor bass quality,2.0
Just 2 weeks old. Right side one not working. Disappointed,2.0
There is no bass,2.0
Not upto mark,2.0
Voice not clear in this. And it's computable with all the smart phones.,2.0
Only works for 2-3 months,2.0
Speaker is not working. Check before you send the product.,2.0
One side of the earphone stopped working within 5 months of usage...,2.0
Sound quality poor,2.0
Bass Quality poor.,2.0
Ok ok,2.0
As guarantee was over earphones stopped working.,2.0
It's average In quality,2.0
Bass not satisfactory,2.0
I got defective product. So returned it,2.0
so so....,2.0
Ear cups is not so good...,2.0
It's demage early.,2.0
Its not working,2.0
Notice cancellation is so bad,2.0
Noise cancellation is good. Sound is normal. Overall it's performance is not good.,2.0
Average,2.0
"Don't buy go for Philips rich bass version something around 400-500, really good",2.0
"Sound is OK, but Mic is not good",2.0
Nothing special,2.0
Sounds quality is good,2.0
With in 11month earphone not working,2.0
One earphn is not working ..how can I replace it??,2.0
Worst quality,2.0
Not good,2.0
Feelings headache like when I used to hear through it.,2.0
Quality is better but mic is not working,2.0
stopped working after 7 months,2.0
Very bad mic quality.,2.0
There is no bass at all,2.0
Product is good but is harmful to use.,2.0
No comment totally waste,2.0
The microphone is not working. Even after replacement same issue is occuring.,2.0
Only look is superb but the sound is very bad it also damage the your ear ..don't buy,2.0
It's better to spend few extra bucks and buy Sony... JBL or something.,2.0
Not bad,2.0
Its not working properly.,2.0
Quality is not good,2.0
Not too gud by okk🙂,2.0
Mic position is not at proper place.,2.0
Mike is completely useless during calls,2.0
Right side Ear head-phone is stop working within 1 month,2.0
Not disappointing,2.0
Sound quality v poor gets blur sound,2.0
Mike problem,2.0
good,2.0
Not good,2.0
It pierces the ear skin as it has pointed edge,2.0
Not very ergonomic design. It has decent sound quality with normal bass.,2.0
Already damaged. Please tell me how can i returns,2.0
Sound quality not good,2.0
Quality is not good...,2.0
One side notclear sound,2.0
Poor sound,2.0
Ok,2.0
Product is not working properly after 3 months.,2.0
The jack is malfunctioning. Go for other brands at this price,2.0
"Very poor bass quality, sound quality not that good",2.0
Worst product. One side damaged within 4 months.,2.0
Not so good 😭☹️☹️,2.0
But not comfortable,2.0
Stupid product,2.0
One side is not working,2.0
"After 1 weak of using the ear phn, mic is not working...",2.0
"Bought it in Feb'2018, and suddenly left ear plug stopped working. Didn't even able to find place for replacement.",2.0
The product is good,2.0
Left side ear phones is not working properly.,2.0
I dont like thiz...😏😏😏Worst Bass😏😠,2.0
Nice,2.0
After 3 months earphones is not working..,2.0
Worst products,2.0
😠,2.0
Does not fit properly in ear,2.0
It’s really good and worth for the money.,2.0
Not Good,2.0
Not worth the money,2.0
Good,2.0
"Sound quality is not enough , just ok.",2.0
waste of buying,2.0
Nothing is good about this earphones. A total waste of money.,2.0
Don't fcking buy this,2.0
After some days use one side speaker not working...,2.0
Quality is pathetic look like local head phones,2.0
Bht jhatu headphone,2.0
Sound quality not good,2.0
Not so satisfied product,2.0
not ok,2.0
The product is not that great you can go for MI in the same price.,2.0
It will work only few days,2.0
Working is not,2.0
"Not comfortable, it pains after using for sometime",2.0
Disliked,2.0
Sound quality is bad noise cancellation is ok.,2.0
Ok,2.0
Sound quality is poorNo bass,2.0
Manageable,2.0
Poor sound quality,2.0
Average,2.0
Decent quality.not that much good,2.0
Not comfortable for ears,2.0
Sound quality and bass is not good,2.0
Cheap platic quality,2.0
bad quality,2.0
Poor quality materialAndAverage sound quality,2.0
Wire quality is not so good,2.0
Poor,2.0
After a month it's one side speaker not working,2.0
So so,2.0
Base is decentFitting should be improved,2.0
Its mic doesn't work.,2.0
But one side is not working,2.0
It disconnect phone many times,2.0
Price is good but not the product for my taste,2.0
Not great,2.0
"It's not a BASS Headset, Sound quality seems as Techno and Treble",2.0
Worst product,2.0
Dislike,2.0
Not worthy,2.0
Average,2.0
Poor bass,2.0
Ok quality as compared to price paid.,2.0
Not upto the mark,2.0
Not worth for money,2.0
Sweet,2.0
Hi for better,2.0
worst,2.0
OK ok only,2.0
Not happy,2.0
Not good product,2.0
Good,2.0
Good Product,2.0
Bekar,2.0
Not good!,2.0
Very rough sound.No Bass their.,2.0
Ok,2.0
I was expecting more,2.0
Not a good product,2.0
Better buy Mi in ear,2.0
The button stopped working the very next day...,2.0
Not bad,2.0
Sir It have not Base provided.... And build quality also very poor,2.0
Good package....,2.0
Just ok,2.0
Not bad,2.0
The sound quality is not good,2.0
Make sure will buying this product,2.0
Nice but his pin was damaged early,2.0
Stops working in 7 days only,2.0
Okok,2.0
Bad choice,2.0
Ok,2.0
The button in the mic is not working properly,2.0
Nothing special,2.0
Tight in ear,2.0
Not good,2.0
It's good,2.0
Hard sound,2.0
Third grade product,2.0
Nothing worth recommending,2.0
Sound quality is not as expected. Not worth for money,2.0
Worst,2.0
Ok,2.0
Worth price,2.0
sound quality is ok but ...bass quality is poor,2.0
Not recommend,2.0
Sound quality not good,2.0
Sound not good,2.0
Useful,2.0
Avg,2.0
Dont,2.0
Not good enough,2.0
Not bad,2.0
No beats,2.0
Not good sound quality,2.0
Waste of money,2.0
Not good and not bad,2.0
Phone call to much. Noise,2.0
How to get my invoice number,2.0
Quality excellent,2.0
Quality is not good,2.0
So so,2.0
Extremely poor sound quality,2.0
No extra bass,2.0
poor sound quality,2.0
Poor product,2.0
Dislike,2.0
Its ok,2.0
Headphone is not working after 3 months,2.0
Not good upto the price,2.0
No bass effects,2.0
Not a good quality,2.0
fhfgh,2.0
Not worth,2.0
Not up to the mark,2.0
Ok,2.0
Hhu,2.0
Birds,2.0
Not too good,2.0
Sound is so flat,2.0
Bass,2.0
Not bad,2.0
No bass,2.0
Low bass,2.0
The left one stopped working,2.0
Dislike,2.0
Left side not working,2.0
Liked the sound quality.but just aftr 5 days i m returning the product bcz pause and play button (the reasn y i choosed) has stopped working ..and i this is happening with me 2nd time on amazon....( losing the trust.),2.0
"I'm generally a fan of boAt products, but this set of headphones is just not worth it.For one thing, the sound quality is pretty poor - those free headphones that you sometimes get at promotions or events have had better sound quality than this. It definitely does not provide the clarity that forms the base of good headphones.It's not all that comfortable to wear either. My ears start to hurt shortly after wearing it.The microphone works well and everything else (if there's anything left at all) is all well and fine, but to me, this product just seems like that kid who's just trying hard to fit in with the ""cool gang"" - with it's fancy hawk design and all - but failing in performance.",2.0
"Very poor in quality. The amount for the product is too high. The picture of the product shown in the amazon store is not real, because the 3.5 mm headphone jack is golden color in that picture, but actually it is poor quality steel jack.I never suggest this headphone to buyers. If this will get for some 150 or 200 Rs. it is okay....",2.0
I have no doubts on the sound clarity and beats. It doesn't fall off often from your ears.But the bad thing is you can't listen songs for more time as it gives an ear pain and headache.I have still faith in boat products but this one is not that worth.,2.0
"Sound was good but One side stopped working with in 2 months, it's very frustrating. Go for some other great brands, help me to replace it please.",2.0
One of its headphone has stop functioning and it is under warranty period so how can i get it replaced.,2.0
Felling some pain in the ears after some using it some time.,2.0
"The headphones are fine but not good enough. I wish the base was more, sometimes sound irritates in ear because of low base. And most importantly, tge mic sucks.",2.0
Well one ear piece has got stopped working and not happy with what I had expected,2.0
not at all good .,2.0
"Sounds clarity not good and bass poor,waste of money.",2.0
Doesn't give a much good sound output and bass is terrible and flat.....,2.0
In 7months wire broke on its own,2.0
Quality not upto the mark my mic isn't working and amazon is not providing me with the option of refunding but replacing only.,2.0
The product worked pretty decently for 4 months and today right ear stopped working. It can be covered under warranty I guess will update later but when I checked we have to go to their service centres to get it repaired unlike what they did last time I have BoAt rockerz 450. They picked my headset and repaired and gave it back to me. But mind one thing this whole process took 1 month like seriously!  I live in navi Mumbai and when I tried to track the product I came to know that they repair it at Thane one can reach Thane from Navi Mumbai in 1 hour. Their service is good but very slow!,2.0
"PLEASE DON'T BUY THESE EARPHONESLiterally a week after I bought them, one side stopped working.The wire is absolutely flimsy and tears very very easily.Sound quality is okay but very disappointed with this product",2.0
after not even used for like 1 year properly..just after completion of a year it stopped working. I exchanged it once which took time to come after 2 months and then the other one arrived also stopped workingworst experience,2.0
These earphones stopped working within 4 months. Sound quality was okaish considering the price range. But expecting good noise cancellation & bass quality from a product this range is not fair. Highly disappointed. What's the point of marketing a product when you can't provide a decent quality.,2.0
"Wahiyat. It was delivered long back ago but I opened the packet in first week of July and only left side is working. it seems like complete dead by one side, clear cut. As if it was designed just for left side",2.0
"Product quality good,but warranty and customer service badGhatiya,warranty policyKabhi Matt kharidna kyonki koi problem hone ke baad jaldi nhi deta haiMera headphone service hub me 1 mahine se pending hai",2.0
"The cable is tangle-free for the most part and sound quality is average. The thing that disappointed me the most was the fit. My ears start to hurt even after 30 minutes of use. Also, the receiver button doesn’t function quite often.",2.0
"Sorry but not good bass and even though sound is clear .Very small earphone, that's y sometimes difficult able to put out from ear..Normal mi ear phone ( 350 ) is better than this boat earphone..",2.0
Quality of wire is not too good.Sound is okay.wire got tangled.look is stylish.Bass is okay.only i m disappointed due to wire quality,2.0
GUYZZ I'm a Gamer . So I mainly use for gaming. Dont ever buy a wired headset it is waste of money. You can buy but you have to give much care to the wire of headset. Buy wire less headset it is better,2.0
It was only worked good for 15 days onlyNot worth for money!!! Simply waste!!!1st one side earphone Stopped working next mic stop working then finally another side earphone Stopped working,2.0
"one side stop working after 20 days and both stoped working after 1 month. Poor bass, not comfortable can't use more than 2 hrs",2.0
Sound quality is not so good and at the time of phone call sound quality is very poor. Please improve,2.0
Good but get dirty easilyUpdate: 1 side ear phone stopped working exactly after 1year 2days..IDK what to do now 🙆,2.0
"I purchased it on 12th Jan,2020 but just within 4 months,it has stopped working.",2.0
"It’s okay okay not a goodAnd not support iPhones for calling, it’s really useless",2.0
It is a very wonderful product but the warranty infotmation provided is wrong.,2.0
it works max only for 3 months then it doesnt work i bought this earphones twice in 5 months useless product,2.0
Not so good for music,2.0
"Contradict to reviews seen here, the product is very bad. I had to return it.",2.0
Sound Quality is very good but the build quality of earphones is very poor. Left side earphone stopped working just after 10 days.,2.0
"It's one of the earphones stopped working after 3 months of usage. Warranty saves me. This, buy good and expensive boat products.",2.0
Build quality very bad. Sound started fluctuating and suddenly left earpiece stopped working the day I got the earphones.,2.0
Bass effect are very low.....that's quality look like low budget headst.....it's not comfortable,2.0
"It's just okay, Not as good as expected to be.Buds are so hard, can wear more than 2 minutes.",2.0
Today is 4 June 2020 I was buy this ear phone in sep 17 2019 now left  ear phone is not waking...,2.0
Broke within few days of purchase..both the ear pieces were separated.. very bad quality.. no use of f purchase at all,2.0
I prolonged for just 5-6 months. The Headset coil came out when it was playing. Moreover after some days only one part was hearing. Better to choose another one.,2.0
Good,2.0
Average,2.0
"After using of 1 month only.. One ear plug is not working, worst earphone, dont buy it, go for higher rang of earphones.",2.0
Stopped functioning after 6 months,2.0
Not up to mark,2.0
Average,2.0
No,2.0
"Sound is ok , wire quality is low",2.0
I Use Many Earphones there Good Bt after that my Friend Told me tgat Boat Earphones Ar Very Good after his recommendation I order This Bt I really Very Disappointed bass quality is not good at all Noise cancellation is just show off btter u can go for other earphones and other brand,2.0
Average bass while it's on high volume it's killing earPoor qualityAlso seller send broken box means I do not know it's original or notIt's very poor quality with poor performance,2.0
"Sound quality is okay.Ya it has 'NO' tangle wire.Good and in working condition till now.But was having some distortion sound, I replaced it and now also some time during call distortion sound comes.",2.0
Although the sound quality is fine but the base in these earphones is not on point. I love EDMs and base is the real music for me these earphone make the music blant and without bass it sounds like there is salt missing in ur curry.,2.0
Sound quality not impressive. Build quality is good. Looks wise nice. I bought the red colour ones.,2.0
