review,rating
"Delivered on 9thfeb21,writing review on 11feb21,Only hype about bass...i wonder how worse wud be the non-bass version...I m using it with Samsung M21, music is worse than the wired earphones of Samsung...I bought only because of avilability of Oneplus service stations...Samsung U is around 5yrs old and with micro USB,Boat and others have horror stories as ther is no proper service...buying Sony at this price range is not reliable..So...these are the only quality headphones at this price available in the market...",2.0
"Used this for my iPhone 7 and no bass at all. It doesn’t sit very comfortably for me more so because I’m uncomfortable with the plugs which go a little into the ear. Still I thought I’d give it a try and I’m very disappointed. No issues with packaging though. Also, it’s very difficult to figure out if it’s an original piece based on the very mixed reviews here. I returned the item and the refund is initiated. Have placed an order for another brand’s ear plugs.",2.0
"It lasted for a month, yeah you read that right.One night as music was playing the music stopped coming to the left side. Pretty sure it's a loose connection, but still ! 2k for this is worth it if you consider what you get.Sound quality, passive noise cancellation, low bass.All the above are top notch. The build quality is top too. Materials used are fairly high quality.I guess I got a defective product. Will have to go to the store to see if they would replace. If they do, I'll let you know.If they don't replace, i don't think I would recommend it. Sennheiser provides replacement for their earphones which have loose connection.TBH this is the last time I'm buying any headphones or earphones with wires on it.",2.0
"The product was delivered the same day I purchased (Yaay! Amazon prime). But the earphone failed to impress me due to low vol in its right ear. I usually listen music at 60-80% volumes. So as soon I listened through these earphone I could tell there is some mismatch between volumes in the ears. So I listened again at low volume (30%) but could not hear anything from Right but the Left worked fine. I have opted for a replacement due to the right ear issue, although I wanted to return it but no option for it. Will update whether the problem still exists in the replaced earphone I get or not.Update: Received the replaced earphones, they still have the issue. I'm keeping it because of no return policy. However, the sound quality is good but bass is low, but okay.",2.0
"There is no issue with sound quality or battery,they are amazing.. BUT IN BASS EDITION THERE IS NO MULTIPLE CONNECTIVITY OR SWITCH OVER DEVICE TECHNOLOGY... SO IF YOU ARE USING 2 DEVICES ( MOBILE +TAB/LAPTOP) AND PLANNING TO BUY BASS EDITION THEN IT WILL GIVE YOU A BIG HEADACHE, EVERYTIME YOU HAVE TO MANUALLY SWITCH OVER BY DISCONNECTING ONE DEVICE AND THEN CONNECT ANOTHER ONE... THIS IS EVEN MORE FRUSTRATING WHEN YOUR EARPHONES ARE CONNECTED WITH TAB/LAPTOP AND YOU GET A CALL ON CELLPHONE...So if you're going to use it with a single device then Bass edition is  perfect for you otherwise choose normal one, you won't even notice bass difference..",2.0
Used it for 2 months after that it began disconnecting. It says 1 year warranty but doesn’t show how to claim. One plus website claims that warranty for products bought on their website will be given but not for those bought from elsewhere,2.0
"If you are an iphone user like I’m;Music listing in this: frustrating:Why ?Ans: when you play music in it you will listen glitch sound in every bit,Im having spotify premiumWhere they provide clear with beat quality music but i wont be able to enjoy such quality because of this negligence of product testing,If you are planning to buy it only for call purposes then good to go but,Hey its 2000 rs,You should have your demands like i have ,As i dont have any option as i dont know what to do,I already return a product and get another one but same problem,Look like manufacturing issue.1+ if you are reading this ,Please work up on your testing team,You can’t launch such product in market without proper premium quality testing.Disappointed..🥺",2.0
This product is looks good but I don't know there is issue in voice of you hear there is some voice cranky ness is there. You will definitely notice after use of a day or 2.I have got replaced item then also in replaced one also same problem is there don't now this issue with my product only or others also noticing this?I suggest go for wired one if wireless is not that much useful for you.,2.0
For media playing activities like watching videos and listening to music it's fine. The problem steps in when you make calls or receive one. There is an unusual noise along with the speech that both people hears which degrades the audio quality very much. I confirmed with a friend of mine who also has the same one plus bullets wireless neck band. He addressed the same issue. I started using the unit little late so I missed the product return window.To all folks out there I suggest you to go for the realme ones or maybe boat for hazzle free calling. For listening to music and playing games one plus ones is good.Battery backup is ok. I don't use it continuously. Lasted me more than a day. It's decent.,2.0
"Sound quality for audio and video files are very good. But these series of headphones are poor in call quality. Static disturbance and the other side cannot hear well. The internet has similar complaints but no FIX from the OnePlus team. DO NOT BUY IF U ARE LOOKING TO USE IT FOR CALLS. BUT if it's for audio and video usage, then perfect.",2.0
Doesn't have Quick switch option or button to switch between two paired devices.,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Left side headphone not workingSo pls kindly check and revertPls help meI used Just only 3 month's",2.0
"I first gave 4 stars as it had good sound,  but the serivce is awfull  one side stoped working in 2 months and service center dont have pic up options",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Liked battery back up....But it's painful in my ears...not comfortableSound good",2.0
Aotomatic pair is so delayed 2 to 3 times we should stick the magnet and realise untill it didnt connect properlySound and bass s ok but magnet not up to mark,2.0
"Not working properly, gets disconnected within 1 hour, and within 2metres only, disappointed, sound quality also not good.I think I got a defective piece.",2.0
Boat Rockerz 255pro plus better than one plus bullet wireless z bass edition,2.0
Battery backup is not as expected. I tried to replace it from service centre but they can't accept the issue.,2.0
Best things=====sound quality+bass+design+blutooth rangeBad things====battery life is very low .. after full charge maximum 6hours at full volume.,2.0
Overalp Sound quality is good but the vocals tend to distort at  sometimes which I think is not acceptable at this price range.,2.0
I have purchased 10 days ago and now mic is not working well. How can we replace it ?,2.0
"Not able to listen with Right ear phone, Only left one is working. This happened after 5 months of purchase.",2.0
It's been 2 months already and right side of earphones sounds low.,2.0
Need to improveI think my I got damage product,2.0
Pros - Sound quality good for songs and othersCons - Noisy sound for Google Meeting and normal call.,2.0
If you have a poco f1 don't buy this.Has some issues with mi devices also .,2.0
Battery capacity low,2.0
Left earpiece automatically stopped working. It's been 6 months since purchased. How to claim warranty,2.0
Calls and meetings and sometimes songs.. was delivered on March 2nd and May 3rd right side not working,2.0
I buy this neckbend for running but after 1 day neckband loose is sound in a winter morning during fog sounds is breaking,2.0
"Neckband disconnect 5-10sec and connect again ,poor connectivity of neckband",2.0
Everthing is working fine except noise getting break while using in laptop.,2.0
Battery life is short it's less than 10 hoursEven I charge it for 1 hour,2.0
Worst product after using for 4 months it stopped working it's microphone.,2.0
The more sharpen side the name bid bass edition but it's not true,2.0
There is cracking sound while playing music after 3 months of use,2.0
My both ears becomes painful. I have no option but to return it.,2.0
1 hours later right side earbuds🎧 not working..,2.0
"Not of good sound quality,not autoconnected in videocall",2.0
In game sound is slow and delay voice in my mi note 5 pro mobile,2.0
"After 20 days, headphones started glitch sound on calls.",2.0
My headphone not working...how can I return and replace?,2.0
Somedays using this product sound quality is nothing good,2.0
Mic stopped working in 5 months,2.0
Realmi is suparb base...,2.0
"Performance is not as expected,",2.0
"Received faulty , can’t change due to lockdown",2.0
"Sound quality is good,but the microphone is not working properly.",2.0
Not recommended noise cancellation is poor...,2.0
"The sound of one ear bud reduced after a few days of using it, dont know why.",2.0
Very bad on nahi horaha 4 mahine mein hi kharab hogaya,2.0
Not as better as normal edition,2.0
Only one sided sound is hearing,2.0
Not it is not working properly,2.0
"Quality is good but ,connectivity is very bad",2.0
Jitna  suna tha utna acha nhi,2.0
Lagged a lot,2.0
It is getting damaged,2.0
Right side not coming sound,2.0
It is not working after 2 months,2.0
Got damaged within a month,2.0
Sometimes it's not working,2.0
"Pathetic, broke after a month",2.0
Mic problem in two months,2.0
Battery is not up to mark,2.0
Nothing that should like,2.0
Bass not so good,2.0
Sound quality not good.,2.0
Sound quality was good.,2.0
Average quality,2.0
"Google assistant doesn't works at all, sound quality is decent...low base....the only good thing is battery backup and it also charges quickly!!!",2.0
After 6 months this product have many problems like switch off on nd also sound problem and after more 3 months this will not work properly.,2.0
Worst sound quality compared to basic edition is the best .Call quality totally bad.my money wasted 2000 rupees .Bad base quality,2.0
Very bad experience. Not working after 2 days of use. Going to change this. I felt like looted by one plus.,2.0
"Battery drained early, not price worthy, even I didn't used it for 30 days, it's drained early, so don't buy it",2.0
"Poor mic quality...make too much noise while in a call,for other stuff its ok.but call qualiy is very poor. We",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Calling problems",2.0
