review,rating
"Delivery was fast. Received within a day even though estimate said later. Packaging was good. Contents were intact and there was no damage. Purchased it for Rs. 1281 from the amazon seller ""Appario Retail Private Ltd"". MRP on the box was Rs.1399. It was manufactured in China and imported for sale by Dell. Batteries are included in the box. I am happy to see Duracell batteries and not some local brand which might not last long. 2 AAA batteries for the keyboard. 1 AA battery for the mouse.My initial impressions are it does not give a premium look and feel. However its functional. Dimensions are little big for my taste. I would have liked them a bit smaller. Its a full keyboard with number pad and arrow keys. Function keys are also present with some additional multimedia keys. keyboard layout is in English. Mouse is little noisy when clicking and scrolling. Precision is good. I am used to Logitech mouse which is much quieter compared to Dell. At this price range it is a good deal. Tested all the keys to check for any manufacturing defects. Everything seems to be working fine. There is on-off button on the mouse but there is no such option for the keyboard. So I am not sure how long the batteries will last for the keyboard. Better to keep couple of AAA batteries handy just in case.Key press and travel is good. Distance between the keys is adequate. Keys are little hard to press at first but I am getting used to it. There is not much delay from key press to displaying text on the screen. Sometimes it is noticeable as I am used to wired keyboard.There are no LEDs on the keyboard for NUM lock and CAPS lock. There is one very small LED for indicating low battery.I did not check the wireless range yet. Box says it should work up to 10 meters. We get a single unified nano USB receiver for both keyboard and mouse in the box. Its small in size and will not protrude much outside the USB slot.  I did not face any issue with the connection on my Win10 laptop. No additional drivers needed. I was able to use both keyboard and mouse from the very instant the USB receiver was plugged-in.Verdict: I am happy with the performance of the Dell KM117 keyboard and mouse combo. I will definitely recommend it for people looking for good wireless keyboard and mouse combo with good performance within budget.",5.0
"For work purpose it's good and simply does the work. The USB connects to laptop and both mouse and keyboard works smoothly. You put one AA battery in mouse and two AAA batteries in keyboard. I tried to usethis wireless mousee with 5 feey distance, it was working fine. This is an affordable wireless keyboard and mouse combo.Found this review helpful? Hit helpful button.",5.0
"ConclusionThis is a good keyboard for people who generally use their computers for browsing and light typing. Not suitable for people who intend to type several pages a day as the ergonomics are not good. A mechanical keyboard is better in that case.ProsThe product seem well made and finishing is very good. The keys are fairly responsive and the mouse is very comfortable to useConsThis is not a mechanical keyboard and does not have the same level of responsiveness. Keys are close together, may cause errors. Keys require more pressure to ensure that the desired symbol is typed and causes more errors.",1.0
"If you are a serious typer, then this keyboard is not for you.I use mechanical keyboard all the time, I had to buy a keyboard immediately so I choose this one. It was a very bad decision. I'm a software developer, Keyboard is a big part of my day to day job. This keyboard is causing nothing but pain for me. a lot of keypresses is not getting register. key are ver hard. I'm making a lot of typos due to this keyboard.I have tried other rubber dom keyboards as well but this one is very very bad",1.0
I am using this keyboard and mouse combo with my Macbook Air 10.13.6. i had to use an external keyboard as i extensively use Numeric pad for my work. and due to limited USB port i specifically wanted wireless keyboard and mouse. there is a single dongle for both keyboard and mouse. the pairing was a breeze and took me less than a minute. the mouse had reverse rolling on MacOs because of its inherent windows alignment. However it can be corrected in setting and its working without a problem. just two issues with Keyboard. it is not back lit and it has not light for Caps lock. other than these two issues i have no problem with this package. the key combination for MacOs will also get a day or two to get used to. After that its much simpler to use. would definitely recommend it.,5.0
Issues with the key. Many of the keys that you type don't get registered. So you have to be careful and see which letters in the word are missing. At times it's frustrating,1.0
"Keys are excellent. However, there are gaps through which dust can go in - which is NOT shown in the product images which show full keys that block dust or visibility to the insides. IF I cover with plastic, I cannot even feel the keys when typing - so a cover is useless. I am not sure if those silicon keyboard protection applies here or not - extra cost - have to seeThere is no Caps lock light or Num-Pad light. You'll have to figure out yourself. A minor nuisance especially if you are in a hurry to get work done. There is absolutely no lighting of any sort so IF you want to work in the dark - Impossible unless you're very used to the keyboard and even then it will be difficult.Wireless Is a Boon. Seeing the clutter of wires OFF my desk and the option to place the keyboard wherever I want to is a welcome addition after a long time. Typing especially is a delight. Love the Layout of the Product. Mouse is good - as expected, no major standouts there but it does its job and that is more than expected I guess. This is a purely office purpose keyboard, can be used for gaming sure but I would suggest get a proper gaming keyboard for that like Cosmic or any other that comes with customizable options and leave this one for office work alone, it will thrive.Finally - Amazon Product Page says the Keyboard was Made in India which is why I went for this product in the first but the product itself SHAMELESS advertises that its Made in China. I don't like Chinese products but if I can't help it, I'll buy it as they are imported by Indian Companies. But why falsely advertise? Yeah, I can return it, but I need it - hence the review, else wouldn't have bothered to do so.",4.0
keys are very soft and mouse is perfect fits in handi got is 1100 and its very niceall full size keyboard keys are availablematerial is amzingand smooth feel while typingi recommended for all laptop users this keyboard,5.0
"This is my second pair of the same wireless keyboard and mouse. I really like it!The mouse fits perfectly in my large hands! It's not tiny like some other wireless setsThe battery life is amazing! The keyboard battery lasted longer the 6 months with daily usage! Even the mouse battery life is pretty decent.They both look premium and good quality products.The range is sufficient for slightly better than average distance.You can always buy a usb extender for that if required!Now for the bad thingsThe keys are a little hard to press. It takes a little time to get used to it. But they are comfortable. Good travel speed and once you get used to it, it starts feeling fasterOverall great product. Would surely recommend to anyone wanting a good quality keyboard and mouse!",5.0
"The key operations on the board are not properly given most important think we can't identify the caps lock option is in ON or OFF state most disadvantage and @option which is not on the key of button with 2 number. It's is present near "" option as @ which is the worst think. Remaining is OK.",1.0
"We cannot ask more from a wireless keyboard for a ~1100 INR.However, if you are a huge keyboard shortcut user then - beware, the apps key (for right click shortcut) is placed on top of the keyboard instead of beside the ctrl key.The spacebar is oddly placed, a littler far from left hand, making us press alt instead of space.No light indicator for num lock, caps, or scroll lock.Also, we cannot use to for long time, fingers seems to be tiring too fast on these.  Keys are a bit hard on press.Just typing this comment itself is tiring my fingers.",3.0
"The keyboard and mouse look great on your table, but that just about it. When it comes to ergonomics and performance it fails miserably.Let's talk about the keyboard first. It looks great with its flat keys and is extremely light weight, but once you start working on it you'd quickly notice that your fingers slip off the keys too often and you tend to make a lot of typos. The distance between the keys are also not ideal. Sometimes I also notice a bit of - albeit minor - lag during typing, which could be due to the latency introduced by the wireless link. So do not buy this keyboard if you plan on gaming - I don't.Now let us come to the mouse,  which is horrible. The mouse feet are too hard and they prevent smooth movement. I tried different surfaces including: ceramic tile, expensive mousepads, polished wood and plastic and the mouse tend to stick to all of them. In addition to this stickiness it is very laggy as well-  there is a noticeable rubber-banding. It is extremely annoying to use this mouse.I bought this for coding, and I had to switch back to a my old logitech USB keyboard. I have a mechanical keyboard but it is very heavy preventing me from taking it with my laptop.",3.0
"Keyboard and mouse quality are decent, but after 6-7 months of normal use, the mouse started dying all of sudden. I thought the AA battery died, so replaced with another new battery but after working for a few days it died again and then on happened frequently. Now after 9 months of use, the mouse is actually become useless, works for 5 mins and then you need to open the battery panel, remove and re-insert battery again to make it work.and there isn't a way i can claim the warranty. the product comes with 1 year warranty but thre is no way to claim it.@Amazon Please help",4.0
"Well the keyboard is easy to connect and works seamlessly. I don't see a way to power off the keyboard like I can the mouse. I'm using this as a wfh device so I can keep my laptop screen propped higher. Some of the key keys I instantly miss are the mic mute button, projector shortcut button and screen brightness buttons. I see no other competing brand also providing these keys. So maybe I'm expecting too much. Now coming to what I hate, I think the keys are wobbly. They seem to be propped high on a stump and don't feel stable . They're noiser than those on my ThinkPad and far from the level of quality there. That's where this keyboard fails me. Is Chinese and sadly feels Chinese too.",3.0
"About usage experience - Just you would want in everyday usage, really god and keyboard is almost chiclet. Lovely.Product Quality - Really unfair!I have owned this combo for almost 2 years now but it just became faulty after 8 months of normal usage. By normal I'd say 2-6 hours a week.Initially mouse scroll became faulty but by the end of first year, some keys stopped working. By some I mean a complete diagnoal strip from Esc key down to A,S. (Esc, 1 Q,W,A,S,CapsLock,Tab). I guess this was some sudden circuit failure.NO I never mishandle my gadgets, I've been doing regular cleaning coverning when not in use etc. out of habit.Searching new combo again.",3.0
"Worth investment for regulars office and general use. have not tried gaming (don't play it actually). using for daily office work, normal tasks, browsing, etc., and don't see any issue. keyboard keys are silent (not pin drop but not problematic and is normal). The only thing I feel about mouse clicks are a bit noisy (yes they are not silent, if you want a silent one, go for Logitech or the other with almost double the cost). I was using the silent mouse earlier so initial this was a huge change for me but slowly got adjusted to it. can't ask for more at this price. keyboard keys are actually very good and are easy to touch (due to spaces between the keys)LED light indicator is only for the low battery I guess, Haven't seen it blinking so assuming as soon as the batteries are low, it will blink, can confirm only after seeing it.Been using this for more than a month now and satisfied.",4.0
"Overall OK keyboard. but if you are type very fast you may miss characters. The key hit needs to be little hard. Mouse works well. USB integrator is small enough so that you can leave it connected. Dell is US company but this product is manufactured in China. Using it for more than 2 weeks now and working well till date.---------------------Rewriting this after months of review.1. The mouse did not  stand to the standard after months of use. The mouse roller has become slippery in months and need lot of effort to slide . Logitech mouse are better in budget segment. I had no issues with logitech mouse. Given a chance I will not buy this set now. Mouse itself has visible redlight, while logitech moves with almost invisible light.Kind of ok with  keyboard but at times I miss some letters at but is ok if you get used to it. As you can figure out I will not buy Dell keyboard in future. It is not worth. Go with logitech.--------------------",3.0
"Dell products seem to have lost their touch of quality as this is the second DELL product I have faced issues with within 3 to 4 months of purchase. The optical wireless mouse I'm writing about stopped working within 4 months of purchase. I'm still unable to search Amazon on how to apply for warranty claim. I did browse through Dell India website but the product is not found there upon searching. If someone has any idea on how to claim warranty for Dell products on Amazon, please help.",2.0
"Very bad experience. I spend most of my waking hrs in front of a computer. I purchased this almost a year back. I am writing this review now to help others planning to buy this for its ease in doing heavy duty coding. This keyboard is not the right choice for coders !!  The keys are hard to press and even after thorough cleaning, opening the casing , it simply is not smooth enough. The keys also gets stuck during coding , much to my annoyance. The mouse is also nothing to feel happy of. Overall a very disappointing deal. Since the last 6 months, I have packed it and kept it and using my earlier bought wired keyboard.",1.0
Pros:-Dell does a pretty good job by keeping the design clean and the chiclet keys give a great typing experience - also you get a premium feel just by the appearance!-The travel in the keys are good and the built is sturdy. Can't comment on the battery backup but there's just one indicator(battery) which probably glows only when the battery requires changingCons (some design flaws)-The letters printed on the keys are in low contrast - difficult to use the keyboard under low light.-The stands(pegs) behind which elevate the keyboard for better typing experience are rather short/small-The keys are spaced out and the arrangement of certain keys like the space bar can be positioned better. hence I won't say it's very ergonomic.-Does not give a compact feel(compare with Logitech mk215/220) and people with smaller hands might have difficulty to reach out for the keys and will need getting accustomed to.-No caps lock or num lock indicators-No multimedia keysNot too happy with the seller(Appario)- made me wait for 10days and delivered on the scheduled last date of delivery.,3.0
"- Good to have the switch on mouse to preserve battery life, on top of already a great battery life.- Soft and responsive keystrokes on keyboard- Bought this after older Logitech Mouse and Keyboard combo stopped working. This one has better keystrokes as compared to Logitech.No cons so far.",5.0
"The Keyboard and Packing is Good.The only negative I felt is about indication lights ""the key board doesn't have any indicators to identify the caps lock, number lock or Scroll Lock"".But there is a solution, Just search google for ""Dell keyboard indicator application for caps lock, scroll lock"" and you can download application software from dell itself for windows. It is very useful.",5.0
"Product build quality is good. Mouse is very comfortable. Keys are very smooth and very good for typing. This not a gaming keyboard.Battery is included.There is no Capslock, Numlock... or any kind of  light indicator available. Only battery indicator is there.",4.0
"Keyboard gets stuck, is not fluent to type with and misses letters while typing at times. Not a good product from dell. The caps lock indicator light is missing, other functions too like print screen need to be first learnt. the main problem is that it gets frigid at times and letters get skipped. Mouse is ok.Update after use of 3 months:Had to replace the keyboard ultimately due to it being non smooth and often getting stuck.Don't buy it.",1.0
"~~Long term review - The keyboard and mouse combo was all fine at the beginning. Keyboard was silent and smooth at the beginning. but as months passed, the keys became increasingly hard and I started having pains in my fingers, that too only with around 4 hours usage PER WEEK. Exactly after one year many keys stopped working. Did everything I could clean and resurrect but to no avail. Really disappointed with this purchase.~~ Giving two stars just because the mouse had no problems and is still working.~~ This review I am typing from my old iball keyboard which I had before Dell. This keyboard seems pretty good compared to the the experience I had with Dell.",2.0
"Dell Wireless keypad with Mouse.Pros:As it is wireless, it can be used from far off the screen.Keys are soft and make feel of laptop keypad.Cons:There is no ON/OFF switch on keyboard like they provided on Mouse.There is no light indicator for caps lock, num lock. This makes it difficult while keying in password.No light indicator to identify keyboard ON or OFF.",5.0
"Good keyboard , quality is very well, and over all experience Is also amazing . the battery backup of mouse is good but the backup for keyboard need improvement.I put the battery given in the box but after one month the cell got dead ,so because of this keyboard got switched off.The reason I think for this is the auto cut option, in mouse after having in idle position it get auto off but in keyboard this is not their .Overall it’s good for home use and even it can use in ur TV also .",5.0
"The product is very good and one of the best keyboards available in low budget especially for typing. The keys are very tactile and responsive.The battery provided in the keyboard was not working so had to replace the battery on delivery itself. Other than this, there is no issue with the product.I suggest Dell to check the batteries before installing them inside the keyboard and mouse.",4.0
"Keys doesn't get pressed easily, have to hit by hammer .I dont know its generic problem or with my piece only.Mouse battery last only for a week.I feel dell is not good for wireless stuffs.Don't waste money. I could not return it due to lock down.",1.0
I had purchased this combo seeing a lot of positive reviews but feel should  have gone for separate wireless mouse and keyboard. The mouse while works fine but the sliders at the bottom are not smooth hence there is resistance while sliding the mouse. I even tried a mouse pad but still no improvement( and yes this is after maintaining the sliding plastic at the bottom super clean). Very frustrating to use this mouse. Have been using since last 6 months and waiting the mouse to go bad so i can buy a Logitech mouse next time. The Dell standalone wireless mouse available for around INR 799 is much better quality than this mouse in combo pack.,3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Great product for the price.. i got it for ₹1149 (previous cashback from a pay ₹400 --> ₹1149-₹400=₹749).. I felt great Power saving efficiency.. I am using with rechargeable batteries.. getting long battery life.. keys are smooth..Keyboard has a negotiable drawback that is no indicators for caps, num and scroll lock.. it is for powet saving..",5.0
"It's just a cheap product. I believed to brand Dell. But mouse and keyboard doesn't work seamlessly. Mouse lags a lot so I kept aside and using my Logitech mouse. Coming to keyboard, given price point it's fine. Typing smooth and ergonomic.But always think could have spent little more amount for a better keyboard and mouse.For mouse I would give a star less.",3.0
"If you want to punish anyone, make them type on this keyboard. They'll be scarred for life.Jokes apart, this thing is ""that horrible""!Keys won't work if you type faster.Keys won't work if you hit harder.Keys won't work if you hit it lighter.They'll work only at a precise amount of force. Probably, world's most horrible keyboard.",1.0
Excellent for it's price ... Excellent typing speed  built & finish very nice decent looks VALUE FOR MONEYOnly one ( - ) minus point NO auto off or POWER OFF button on key board - the mouse does have an on / off buttonOver all good experience using it with no problems at allNice 👍❤️,5.0
"Ok, eevery spelling mistke you see here is actually the keyboard's fault. This kyboard has keystroke issues.Keystrokee issue: While you are typing fast, you'll find a single keystroke results more than one characters. if I type a, it becomes aaa. Sometimes, the keystroke is not registered at all. For example: Typing becomes Tyng.It is also plagues wth Latency issues. You can literally see the output late sometimes. If you are buying this laptop for gaming, it is goodd. If it is for work, particlarly for programming, I'd say spend some mor money and buy a good keyboard. Thiis my personal experience and review.",1.0
Received wrong porduct as you can see box is of model 117 and product in it is of model 118. I was already using the same model earlier so i found that i got another model which looks similar to 117 but is not good for use as the mouse is really bad and the sensitivity is not good. but in the actual product is is good,1.0
"Nice tactical feedback from the keyboard and it is silent as well. The mouse has an on/off switch. Keyboard though does not have any indicators (neither NUM LOCK, nor SCROLL LOCK or CAPS LOCK).But not a showstopper issue as most software and password entering websites warn if the CAPS-LOCK is on.  I have just received it, so can't judge the battery life. Oh and the package comes with 2 AAA Duracell for the keyboard and 1 AA Duracell for the mouse. So you are good to go after unboxing it.",5.0
"The product is okay for programming if you'd prefer a silent keyboard with a decent key travel and you likely don't like mechanical keyboards and dont like membrane ones.Pros:1. Meh, nice typing feel, worked out of the box on most Linux systems.2. Silent keyboard, good for working from home.3. Has a Fn lock key, helpful.Cons:1. Dell lacks a caps lock, NumLock indicator. This is basically poor product design. This is a major issue for some people.2. The function key is between the control and windows(super key); so it takes some time to adjust. But if you are a power user you know how to swap them ;)3. Okay-ish build quality. One cannot expect super premium at such aggressive pricing of ₹ 1.1k. It's a bit better than Prodot one and a bit average as compared to Dell KB212.",3.0
You need a Wireless keyboard and MOUSE to be having a single reciever and like sleek and Ergonomic mouse then you are looking at right product.Just go for it . Don't remeber any Vendor including a Battery for both Keyboard and Mouse . This one took me by surprise even Logitech has its run for money.,5.0
"Sometimes there's a delay between keypress and actual text appearing on the screen. I don't know what's wrong here. For eg: if I wanted to type ""hello"", when I type it fast only ""he"" will appear, and after 3-5 seconds, ""lo"" comes. Still missing an ""l"". Sometimes the full text comes, most cases it will definitely miss some letters. I'm not missing the keys while typing(I checked to verify).If I use thi Keyboard for an hour, I have to deal with this delay for like 45 minutes. Also there's lag while moving the cursor. I don't know if this is due to interference with other devices. Overall very bad experience",2.0
"The mouse has on/off button, which is very important to conserve battery . The maker somehow forgot the same for the keyboard and you end up changing battery of the keyboard in 2 months. Also, if you are using good keyboards likes of tvs keyboards, typing in this one will be painful. Dropped the mouse, I think I broke something ( I can hear brown parts when the mouse is shooked ) but still works, so sturdy design I guess.",4.0
"Hi I purchased this product on 14/Jan/20202 for my home computer, but i used it seldom only. Now most of the keys are not working i have repeately press for 3 or 4 time... sometimes its works, sometimes it's not. I have tried with new battery also still same.It's still under the warranty, can i get a replacement for this. Kindly updateThanks",5.0
"The mouse is awesome and it feels and clicks so good.The keyboard needs some getting used to, but it is sturdy and looks top quality.There are no LED indicators for caps lock, num lock etc and the keyboard doesnt have an on/off switch as well, but for the package that we're getting, these are minor discomforts that we can live with.The mouse has an on/off switch",5.0
After using of more than 7 months .It is very good and working fine. It will be better if they keep any light indicator near battery to show nums and caps lock .it will be more better. It is useful for normal uses very well .i like it. Mouse and keyboard are working fine. They given battery cells are not worked so long . I used myslef new once very long life,5.0
"Keyboard is sturdy and keeping up with my beating. Bear with the key sounds when you are typing. Key strokes are not that silent and mouse clicks are also bit louder.Length of the keyboard is bit on higher side. Tough to keep in your bag,in case you want it with you all the time.Having a separate number keys is a boon and a disadvantage in size perspective.",4.0
Bought logitec 270r based on great reviews. Keyboard was lagging. Got it replaced and the other one also had similar issue. Finally ordered this Dell combo. Couldn’t have asked for more from a keyboard that looks great and feels great on typing. Mouse is comfortable enough for a whole day at work. Loving it.,5.0
"You need to type ctrl and tab with your left little finger and middle finger for tab button because you cant use thumb to switch betwen tabs in chrome. besides that this keybaord does not have caps indicator and num indicator.But the design is beautiful and sleek, battery is good though lets check it, just now got it from amazon.Only thing if you are not used to function key on left of space button then it would take time to learn how to press ctrl and tab for tab switch, it will  need you to use left little finger and middle finger for tab button.Mouse is little heavy than usual mouse.Would recommand it at this price it is a good one, but need some efforts from you as well to learn.",4.0
"Worst ever experience I had with this, it works well for 2 months, but after this it started automatic scroll issue, up and down Arrow getting pressed automatically.Battery backup is worst I have changed batteries within gap of 20days.There's no switch to turn it off for keyboard.Forget about Battery indicator I never seen that light turns on till now.Don't expect any Warranty, they won't answer your calls and respond on your issue.Finally realised I wasted Total money on purchasing plastic toy, which is not useful at all...",1.0
"Very poorly designed keyboard and mouse. The spacebar is starting almost close to the start of 'V' button. The left thumb is not falling on spacebar sometimes. The spacebar on the right is extending way beyond 'M"" button. I don't know who can put their thumb on the spacebar beyond 'M' (on the right side). When we hit the keys with little more pressure, it misses. Also, if you are off the centre of the buttons, again it misses.The mouse is not comfortable for long use and way too bulky.",1.0
"I used a dell wireless keyboard and mouse and the keys were study, good feedback, and easy to type. Fo this model the keys re toooo soft, the feedback is not good When we type and accidentally touch on another key it is also entered. Not good for typing enthusiasts",1.0
"The mouse is not working properly may be it is laser problem or lens problem, not moving smoothly, it feels very sluggish movement and since 1 year 7 months warranty period is gone cannot replace or claim on the warranty. For durability only I bought at this price but last same as low-cost wireless keyboard and mouse.",1.0
"Does the job well, looks sturdy. Earlier I got a faulty one which had to be replaced. Only improvement or missing function I could see is it doesn't indicate if caps lock in or or off. This feature would have helped.",4.0
"This Dell wireless keyboard and mouse combo was received today and perfectly matched both my Dell Latitude E5530 laptop and Sony KDL 43W950 smart TV.The product was accompanied by Duracell batteries for both keyboard and mouse.The chicklet keyboard was a pleasure to use (after struggling for a while with my friends miniscule logitech), and the mouse was ergonomic too.Love this. Will update feedback after using them for some days.",5.0
"This Product Deserves All 5 Stars and Nothing Less!The Keyboard & Mouse are Stunningly Durable. It fell many time from my table accidentally. Not a Scratch.Even Though Build Quality Doesn't Seem Strong.The Mouse Is Very Comfortable to Hold. Only thing is Could Not Click Very Fast in games (it's not a gaming mouse anyway so its totally fine).On the Battery Side . Its Been Stellar. Im Still using this set for Over A Year Now. I didnt need to install any new set of batteries for A Whole 13 Months. Then i needed to change the Keyboard batteries but yhe mouse is still powered by the stock cells.I Use My Pc Everyday. I Do a Lot of Photoshop,Lightroom,Premier Pro,Aftereffects. Played a Lot a Games including GTA V,MGS V,FIFA 18 etc.",5.0
"Recently I am not getting good products from amazon, everytime I need to replace the item. Neither keyboard keys works nor the mouse. When the replacement asked, replacement date is given after two weeks where first time it delivered in a week, will this be a strategy?  Highly disappointed, need to think twice before ordering.Update: when I got the replacement, Now I recieved the damaged pack, when opened it was a used damaged product. I highly recommend not buy anything from this seller.",1.0
Amazon provide wrong information product is made in China but Amazon described “ Origin of country- India” so I bought it,1.0
The board was tilted and the surface level was not balanced and therefore it is extremely annoying to use it. The keys are noisy (like the keys used to come 15-20 yrs ago). I do not recommend anyone to buy this.,1.0
"First keyboard had issue, when person came for delivering he was so hurry took the wrong mouseNow mouse is not workingOr Dell teck support have troubleshooting stepsOrdered one more mouse",3.0
"I purchased this product on mid March 2020. Within 2 weeks, the mouse scroll stopped working. I thought of replacement, but due to lockdown couldn't do anything. Also, I had to somehow manage without scroll as outside nowhere I was getting keyboard + mouse.But this week, Keyboard too stopped working and had to order another keyboard.Tried reaching Dell service center as it is still under 1 year warranty. But couldn't find any help online for how to get replacement.",1.0
"Data transfer from keyboard to computer is very slow. Its not work like logitec keyboard. While you typing in keyboard fast, it is not displaying the character in screen as you type. So its waste of money",1.0
"Overall the product is good, but it misses on one core thing, there is no toggle button to on/off the keyboard, being a premium price, I have expected to have this. I have a similar model in office, which has all the features and looks sleek too, where as this item is bit odd.",3.0
I did not test the product soon after receiving and this was a big mistake.I find that the keyboard is not working and unfortunately the return window has closed.,1.0
"The keyboard & mouse worked fine at the beginning.Had to change the keyboard batteries twice and once for the mouse in the last 6 months, guess its normal (the keyboard does not have an on/off switch as the mouse)Now, the scroll wheel is not functioning properly.Apart from the above, all is good. :)",4.0
After 12 Month mouse right clicks not working. And Keyboard Working Fine. This Product is not worth of money. I don't recommend this product.,2.0
Same as display. Mouse is smooth to use. Comes with batteries for bothLacks caps lock and num lock indicator which is manageable.. Has a battery indicator though for keyboardMouse has off/on switch but keyboard doesn't.Decent buy for 1399/- range,4.0
"The keys are soft....Okay product.Mouse wheel is very loose not properly set, can hear the rolling sound while using. Also the size of the mouse is small compare to Logitech.",3.0
Keyboard getting noisy after a month of usage. When i bought from that time onwards keyboard light not working.. they say warranty is for only year.. its very difficult to claim it..  I'm okay with Mouse not with Keyboard.,2.0
"1. Used it for 4 months, mouse roller stopped working2. Impossible to reach customer care3. Called service center, they said it takes days to replace mouse, who has time to go to service center first and then wait for days and then go back for collection, warranty is just gimmick, i bought a new mouse rather.",1.0
Best keyboard and mouse combo for daily work option. Mouse is very sturdy and feels when you hold. Keyboard is also very smooth and easy to type.,5.0
"The keyboard is good, sturdy & smooth. The keyboard layout is such that less possibility of dust getting accumulated around the Keyes and in turn less possibility of keys getting stuck because of it.Recently I have seen mouse size has been substantially reduced and becomes difficult to handle the mouse. However this one is not very small in size, hence is better.",5.0
Mouse is pretty good. Keyboard is not worth it. Don’t buy this product as keyboard is not good enough for typing if you have moderate to heavy typing work. Mouse is very smooth though.,3.0
The key clicks are a bit stiff and loud. I am yet to see how they behave once dust inevitably gets in. Otherwise it is a good compact keyboard and works well with my MacBook.Tip : Don't leave the receiver plugged in if you have a habit of just closing the lid of the laptop after use instead of shutting down. I have found that it drains the battery.,4.0
It stopped working with 2 months.I guess it is not an original product from Dell. Now I cannot download the warranty to get my replacement.,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   This product feels good.Mouse and keyboard are both designed perfectly.Worked well and compatible to windows 10.However there are no indicator lights are there.",4.0
"It has a manufacturing defect. The keyboard is not straight and slightly bent. Because of this, all four legs of the keyboard will not stay evenly on the desk. So when you type, the keyboard itself will shake vigorously so that typing is noisy and not able to work productively.",1.0
Started giving problems after 2month..mouse is not working properly..keybord does not have battery or capslock indications so much difficult to useBattery consumption wrost..,1.0
Just not so good. The keys are hard to press at points of time. And the most won't respond. If you are gaming it won't flick far enough. Higher send required for that. Not helpful.,1.0
Loved the product. I am using it for software development and is very useful. Keys are smooth. They don't make too much sound and gives a good feedback on every button press. Looks premium too.,5.0
"Using it for a more than a month and its serves my purpose. I got used to the flat keys in the laptop keyboard and so wanted to buy similar one, this dell keyboard is soft and very comfortable for typing. Only disadvantage is no CAPS lock light but now a days u see the indication on screen so it is okay and worth for the money",5.0
"Keyboard is fine.- plastic seems to be semi cheap quality.Mouse is a big disappointment-very sturdy, noisy scroll, hard to click.DOT BUY IT FOR GAMIN !",3.0
"It has been 3+ years and they are still working fine.Only drawback is that, sometimes, some keys get stuck and you have to press them hard.But I got used to it now.",4.0
Overall styling good is as advertised.Mouse clicks are bit noisy compared to Logitech M170.Also mouse uses light sensor laser.,3.0
Good utility keyboard and mouse combo in this price. The only drawback of the keyboard is that it doesn't have a power off button.,4.0
"It's really plug and play, there is some negligible lag but I don't have to worry about wires anymore, I feel free! Except my manager makes me work for 10-12 hours a day",5.0
"Great for general purpose! Nice and quiet keyboard, feels really good. Battery life is somewhat acceptable, numlock and capslock light is missing but overall keyboard is good.Mouse is okay-ish, not so great but will work just fine. Overall good but won't recommend for gaming due to latency issue sometimes.",4.0
"This by far the best wireless keyboard and mouse combo available,this product is so smooth and easy to use. You can buy this product without worries.",5.0
"Rugged, ergonomic, works in a fair distance. Perfect and smooth performance.Only con: Doesn't comes with Keyboard on- off button.Review after 6 months: Keyboard sucks. Its stopped working.",5.0
"Less than a month - THE MOUSE HAS STOPPED FUNCTIONING.The keyboard is good and the buttons are also soft, the minus point is that there is no led indicator showing CAPSLOCK on/off or NumLock on/off.Therefore it creates a problem while entering case sensitive details.Overall a good product which can be made better.",2.0
This product is good . But if you look for ergonomic design you can have options Because of key placement .Not good for gaming purposesNOTE: this product doesn’t have caps lock indicatorWhich is a very disappointing one,4.0
This has served my so well . Been using it for past 3 years.It's range is good 8 feet and works really well.Mouse and keyboard both are good and sturdy.Recommended.,5.0
"First impressions, box was damaged a bit by delivery. Contents were as advertised, the key layout resembles a laptop keyboard. Both, the keyboard and mouse have a premium feel. Highly recommend seller and product both.",5.0
"when I start to type something very fast it cannot take the commands and types wrongly or doesn't type at all. Totally useless product. Sometimes control+Z,  C Commands don't receive. We have take the help of mouse do these commands.",1.0
Having a wireless keyboard and a mouse will make your tasks easy. So I’ve purchased this a month ago. Initially I got a damaged product and then replaced with a new one. After ten days or fifteen the keyboard stopped working and I don’t know what’s may be the problem. I really got disappointed With the keyboard.,2.0
It's been 2 months I have changed battery also now it's stopped working I think it's a fake or duplicate product,1.0
This keyboard does not have a caps lock and numlock led! Who even makes a keyboard without the that!?!,3.0
"Happy with the product, received in very good condition and key board n mouse are working perfectly, received 3 Duracell batteries with them..",4.0
The keyboard is wonderful. It's soft touch and perfect in case your work involves a lot of typing.The 4 star is because of the mouse. A silent click mouse would have made it a perfect combination to work with.,4.0
"There is NO CAPS Lock LED Indicator... It creates a problem entering Password , you cannot know if it small or capital letter... I found it a big disadvantage.. Other than that it works perfect keyboard. looking is premium and class, easy to use and installation, very comfortable typing, value for money, worth buy it feel very happy with this product thanks to DELL & amazon",4.0
"I have used TVS, Microsoft and other Dell keyboards and I am 100% satisfied with that one. Here with this product I am not eve satisfied with 10%. Please check with others before buying this one. If you are an IT guy then please do not buy this one.",1.0
decent quality.... there’s no indicator for caps lock ON/Off which is little strange and impractical,3.0
"Keyboard is portable and comfortable to handle. Quite a good range of both keyboard and mouse. Make sure you don't leave it switch on forever, switch off after use. It will increase your battery life and will maintain the quality of the product for a longer than your expectation.",5.0
"Mouse scroll not working properly after 5 months normal use. product have 1 year manufacturing warranty , , can some one help me know how to claim it",1.0
"The key are unusual, I am not able to type properly, make a lot of mistakes , type wrong key every time, there is something wrong with the keyboard .Mouse was really good but within 1 year it got damaged ad was unusable",1.0
Overall a good product. gets the work done.Although the mouse could have been better. The clicks feel a little hard compared to logitech mouse in the same range,4.0
"There are on/off indicators for caps,number and scroll lock which make it difficult to use.Rest about the quality its ok not that good.",2.0
Built quality and design...thumbs up. Only thing that is missing is...indication lights for caps lock and num lock.,4.0
"Very elegant, keys are soft, properly spaced and have large keys. Easy to install. Yet need to test battery life as I received it today. I'll confirm that well after the batteries drain out. Overall amazing product...",5.0
"Really bad quality. The mouse stopped working within a month. Keyboard is ok, but expected Dell products to last few years .. did not even last a month",1.0
"The design is sleek and and clean. The USB stick is small hardly that is 2 cm long. The keys also work fine with no issues.Just like all wireless keyboards and mouse, it requires battery cells to work. The mouse requires a AA Battery and the keyboard requires 2 AAA batteries. The batteries were included in the package. Hence, no need to buy it in the beginning.",5.0
"Feel is good but they don't hace led light to show the power status, not even light for cap lock or num lockOnly light below battery mark which I think will apper when the battery is low",2.0
"The batteries need to be adjusted even when the keyboard is disturbed a little, some keys turn stiff after regular use.",3.0
"Product delivered is not wk117, instead wk118.+ Very good build  quality.+ Delivery was pretty quick.- Keyborad is little bit noisy.- No power off button for keyboard.Very good product overall for price range.",5.0
Dell delivered a defective mouse which doesn't open pages with mouse clicks despite correct mouse settings... DELL for Defective piece which cannot be replaced due to Amazon's terms & conditions!,1.0
It's a mid range input device.  Do not expect very high end performance.  Build quality may disappoint some.,5.0
"Product is good.but packaging was not good, not expect from Amazon supplier. Product was not properly packed and not in Amazon packaging. Only in transparent polythin.",5.0
Not good . There are no Cap lock and num lock . It is difficult to write a passward if it is hidden,1.0
Keyboard and mouse are of good quality and works well,5.0
"I was using this keyboard, but later on using loptop. Of course, I can connect to loptop. But haven't done it. I can vouch this is one of the best products.",5.0
Lightweight. Easy to handle. Only keyboard with chiclet keys in this price rangeGo for it if you looking for keyboard for office work or daily use,5.0
I ordered a replacement for the original order since the mouse wasn't working with the given usb pin. The replacement I received today did not have the transponder or batteries. This is the worst experience I had.,1.0
"The scroller has stopped working in only  a few months of very mild usage. don't know what is yet to come for this not so well built item. Do not buy this Keyboard and mouse set at all, go for another one and may be save your money.",2.0
"go for it, thanks to amazon for fast delivery and deliver the product safely.",5.0
mouse wheel not working after 4 months and keyboard is also not working sometimes,1.0
This keyboard looks amazing however the keyboard is just fine with low quality plastic.The mouse buttons are not smooth and are hard to clickYou will not be comfortable for long use,3.0
Buttons are a bit rigid. Speed gets compromised in this process. Ends up with incorrect spellings if auto-correct is not on. It's compact for sure. The mouse is very good .,3.0
Keyboard and Mouse Both Are Very Good but in keyboard Ctrl key Is in't Proper Position it's very Loose  when I was open the packet It was Separated of the Keyboard,3.0
very nice keyboard and mouse..no need setup...just plug and play..,5.0
"It's not an ideal pad for gaming. Keys could be better spaced. The edges of subsequent keys irritate the finger sides. Otherwise, it is smooth",4.0
"Looks really nice, works alright even for gaming. I bought these specially for their minimal yet functional approach. The volume keys are really helpful for me. Lets see how long it lasts.",5.0
Overall a good keyboard. Not exactly chicklet style. But the key travel has a good feel to it when typing and better than the one's available at this price range.,5.0
Its good. Easy to.use.  only con is.. wish there was an on off switch in key  board  just like  mouse. And capslock indicator too. Otherwise worth it,4.0
Shipping quality was poor. There was no shipping box. Item was shipped with brand packaging alone. This is not expected. Unprofessional service.,3.0
"Keypad is too smooth for pressing, it should be little bit hardness, but is good quality",5.0
"This product is of no use, scroll bar of mouse is not working at all , please buy it and feel free to be disappointed ."" Dear dell your products are not that well"". Thanks to all.",1.0
Nice Product and i am happy to buy it.,5.0
"Worst of the product. 1st time, Enter key was not working. Got replacement and after 10days, now other keys are not working..... Thought Dell is a good company but they are not manufacturing good products.",1.0
Product working great. Been 4 months now and running smoothly but distance mentioned in description detail for Bluetooth range is not true what I found out maximum 8/10 feet only...  Otherwise everything is good lightweight and easy to use,4.0
"The mouse of this product is not performing, after only 3 months of use.",1.0
"Receiver always gives issues, very troublesome",1.0
Couldn't find anything negative. It's a good product.,5.0
Good,5.0
"The distance between the keys is less, but as I was looking for a wireless keyboard with full size arrow keys it fitted my requirement.Although I would have preferred Microsoft 500 sth wireless keyboard combo, it has palm rest also.",4.0
Good,4.0
Keyboard is easy to use i.e.  you will feel ease while typing .You get a laser mouse with this model  so you  don't need any mouse pad  while using it.All this justify its  cost.,4.0
Lags some times,3.0
Mouse is better than keyboardKeyboard is OK for use  but not giving wow factor.,3.0
Using this product for official purpose for more than 2 weeks. Very impressed and I love working with this keyboard. Very smooth and quick to response... Loved it..,5.0
I am facing some problem in this combo..Mouse is working very slow compare to other mouse..Keyboard has no caps indicator..This is Major problem..,3.0
I have been using this for 5 months and i am getting a very smooth usage. I haven't replaced the battery till now. Superb battery life. So i am giving it a 4 star .,4.0
VFM,5.0
"I am a computer science engineer so, I am likely to work 15hrs a day on my computer. Well, this keyboard works amazing and so it’s mouse. If you’re looking for a durable keyboard at low price. This is the best choice",5.0
Good for casual gaming I play pubg lit and have played battle feild n call of duty good for normal use also,5.0
its very good to use for office use and the mouse use is 85% OK  some time its little lagging in response but over all is good & value for money. one drawback is is has no indication for caps on&off,4.0
Moderate,4.0
Up and down arrow key is not working... Pls advise,1.0
the product is good. Giving one star because amazon charged me more than the printed price. This is not fair,1.0
"One side mouse click is worst, it need to press much.Unfortunately i thrown the main cover so i cant applied for replacement. If im able to replace, plz tell.",1.0
Makes you feel comfortable while typing as keys doesn't make (tik- tik ) sound..... Hardware is robust,5.0
"Worst product , bought 2 ,replaced both , all 4 peices were faulty .. go for logitech , even 300 rs higher it worth eaxh penny",1.0
"Keyboard is Ok, capsoock light 💡 is not provided, mouse built is average, product is Ok",3.0
"Everything is good, should have added caps lock light. Battery is ok",5.0
Mouse no longer to use bcz of light gone everytime you hen you are working ..,1.0
This keyboard is of no use as it requires you to press keys very hard and slowly otherwise it keeps on skipping some keys.,1.0
had to change my opinion within a month. keyboard does not work properly. keys work at random. unable to type without correcting several times. POOR PRODUCT...! DO NOT BUY...!!,1.0
Poor build quality. Used it for 4 monts and Mouse turns off continuously.Keys rattle.,1.0
ONE DAY DELIVERY...little upset with the sink wrap packing luckily no damage to keypad and mouse just now received will update soon once checkedin my system.,4.0
It's good but after 6 months of use the keys don't work properly.The battery life is great I wold give 3 stars,1.0
"Good product, works fine.Build quality is also good.",5.0
"Everything good quality and product suitable for laptop. The battery status and caps lock indicators, a separate on/of button for keyboard and mouse would have made the Product 5 🌟",4.0
Very easy to install. Keyboard does not have a switch off switch so battery drains too fast. Duracells last for a month without taking out the batteries in keyboard. Be ready to Expect a lower performance from other batteries,5.0
"The keyboard keys feel only okay to type on. The keys seem to wobble a little too much. Moreover, the mouse is just the worst. Feels very plastic-y.",2.0
Good,4.0
Good battery using for 6 months now no battery changed,5.0
After 3 moths mouse is not working properly,1.0
Not for gamingNormal keyboard but yes it's a good quality product by DellBattery life is so far good,4.0
"Good quality, good range",5.0
"Mouse not working , it worked only one month..later it's not working ..Keyboard too hard ..feeling like type writer",1.0
keyboard is not that great but yes its ok like no switch off button in keyboard nor any led on it,4.0
Very nice,5.0
The quality of the product isn’t as expected. It worked fine fir first 6 months and then it stopped. Tried changing the battery but it didn’t help.,1.0
I have used the mouse and the keyboard for a few months - Keyboard is Ok. Mouse consumes too much power. I have to replace the battery every month with limited use.  This is not normal.,1.0
Nice quality product,4.0
This is the best keyboard under ₹1500I bought it for ₹1399but in sale you will get it in ₹1350 so don't hurry wait for the sale..,5.0
Mouse scroll stopped working after 4 months of usage,2.0
Good product gives a comfortable user experience and gives a better wireless distance,5.0
Good product,4.0
Good. Value for money,4.0
no prnt option . no indication of caps lock or others,4.0
Nice product. Does what it's intended for.,5.0
Far more comfortable size and keys. Using it at home on my desk,5.0
Overall product is very good. Keys are placed in a good manner and very easy to operate once known. Till now no issue and about battery let's see,5.0
Excellent. Used more than months.,5.0
Good product but not bestKeys are not that goodYou cannot get that feel as you get the rough and tough feel of other wired keyboards,1.0
good product,5.0
Better to get wired keyboard and mouse along with one USB connector.Same price wired keyboards are much better to use.,2.0
Keys are tightly spaced. Very less gap between two keys. Many times I type wrong key.Not expected from brand like DELL,2.0
On Off switch not provided in keyboard. Battery getting discharged quickly.Mouse is ok and good,1.0
Serves purpose. Would have been better if there was keyboard backlight,4.0
"Easy to use and very lightweight.. but it's like a laptop keyboard,you can't feel like a mechanical keyboard in this product..so you full aaye mechanical keyboard lover then this is not for you.. but otherwise its best..!!!",4.0
The product stopped working with in a month and doesn’t have replaced option,1.0
Very nice quality provided. Totally satisfed as the name suggests Dell ☺️,5.0
Moderate,4.0
It consuming lot of battery as compare to my anthor Logiteck WKeybord,1.0
Dislike about this product the range of wireless is less,4.0
Gaming can not be supported so easily,5.0
Received fake product. Dell refused to give warranty. No S.No. mentioned in invoice.,1.0
i like the easyness to install very comfortable mouse the range of the device is also good overall satisfied one should must buy,5.0
Product in good work condition .....very good.......keys are very smooth ..Blidly go for it....without thinking,5.0
Keyboard fell once from around 6 feet height and a few keys popped out. I then pushed them back in and it was back to normal. Really good quality.,5.0
Good to buy,5.0
Very Good and excellent and comfortable product.,5.0
Mouse turned out bad. No point in writing a review as the return period is over,1.0
Mouse is not working. I request you to kindly replace the whole set immediately.,1.0
Battery life is not as good as expected.,5.0
"Noisy mouse on clicks, feels heavy.No status keys on keyboard.Always battery on for keyboard.Keyboard is not compact.",1.0
"It's easy to install, and best connectivity not sure about durability but looks like premium quality",5.0
Great product. I am using it for one and half year and really like it.,5.0
"Good Dell product, quality are also good but there are no light of showing your caps lock on or off, so need to check while entering password other hidden details.",4.0
"I used my keyboard, like iball, logitech, Lenovo but dell is winner because good range and good quality",5.0
Within a month keys are stopped working. Its not expected from Dell. This type worst product manufactured by Dell.,1.0
Product was working till 3 month post purchase. Post which I had any issue with mouse,1.0
"NO CAPS Lock indicator LED, also no Number Lock Indicator, and the keyboard is too lengthy.",2.0
Nice keyboard for gaming.I play Gta vice city with this keyboard It is very comfortable for me.,5.0
"Bad product....such a very bad product....That's not connected to my laptop, not working. Totally disappointed..",1.0
"the best keyboard for the money you spent. typing is great,",5.0
Office kind of look. Soft keys. Bought recently hence cant say about durability,5.0
best product quantity,4.0
Dell is always super.,4.0
good product,4.0
very nice product. working fine.seller not use amazon packaging to cover product.,4.0
Well it's been 4 months of usage and there is some issue with mouse functioning. Key board is working fine till now.,2.0
Writing after appx two months of usage. The product is average. when typing fast letters gets typed twice.,3.0
Awsome keyboard but rough mouse but its just meant for rough and tough use just go for it,5.0
The keyboard and mouse were well packed and works well,5.0
I disliked these products after 3months usage both keyboard mouse stopped working,1.0
Dell product . . no complaints . . Uses less battery. . Handy and accurate to use,2.0
"Really good quality keys, feels good. No lag.",5.0
Ok,4.0
"Working fine. Buttons are very soft touch type, not making too much noise.",5.0
Decent keyboard and build quality.However mouse clicks make quite a noise.,3.0
Nice product,5.0
Battery life of mouse is much more than battery life of keyboard and its easy to use,5.0
"Not up to the mark, as Mouse is now not working In six month period and not working perfectly from day one",2.0
I purchased this Dell Keyboard at GREAT INDIAN FESTIVAL SALE and It's working flawlessly from the day one.,4.0
Worst keyboard batteries gone very second day of purchase it seems like I have to keep changing batteries.,2.0
The product is really good and the seller is genuine it's a original product overall I m happy the product,5.0
OK,2.0
Very good product,4.0
This is very good keyboard. The only thing missing is that it should have a switch to turn off  the keyboard. Mouse has got a switch which is good,4.0
Pros: Chicklet keyboardCons: Auto turn off feature will be good for the mouse. But it's not there in this mouse,4.0
Only problem is Cap' s lock lights are not showing in keyboard,2.0
No caps lock or number lock lighting... totally confusing... no return aswell ... disappointed..,2.0
"Been a year almost, battery still working and the hardware too!!",5.0
This product is lasting only for a year. Not a reliable product.,1.0
Excellent product.  Look is very good.  Keys are very soft while typing.,5.0
Mouse was a bit heavy plus when the computer is off the mouse still blinks it will lead to fast draining of battery.  Otherwise the product is great,4.0
Good one. Still running after 3 years,5.0
So far no issues,5.0
Descent product. Worth buying it. almost 1 month no issues at all.,4.0
"Good and quality product, working good and smooth",5.0
"Pros: easy to connect, fast responseCons: no led indicator, not recommend to typist, left alt key has diffrent space on keypad, keyboard doesn't has on/off switch.",3.0
Good,5.0
Mouse drains the battery a lot and need to replace battery every 2 weeks.,1.0
This key pressing is very very smooth and also wireless mouse works well.,5.0
Ok,4.0
Awesome,5.0
"Very average product, you pay what you get.",3.0
I use it for stock market trading. It is good for the money paid.,4.0
Good product value for money but need to be careful with receiver,4.0
Value for the price. thank u for your best service,5.0
"Nice tactile kbrd + mouse, yet to see battery life :-)",5.0
The battery provided along with the keyboard drained within 1 month.,1.0
Keyboard battery doesn’t last longer. Otherwise it the best.,5.0
Excellent for price. Sealed and clean product. Happy and satisfying.  Thank you seller...,5.0
Its rubbish  dont buy it ber they did not gave me refund in replacement time,1.0
Super nothing to say just proceed,5.0
Nice product very useful in many ways,4.0
excellent product,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   No mouse",1.0
Mouse is not working in 15 days it’s not good at all,1.0
Country of Origin is China not India as specified in product description.,1.0
Battery lif of keyboard is good battery life of mouse dropped in 4 months,1.0
Simply great!!,5.0
satisfactory  service till now,5.0
Worst packing ever seen from Amazon. Apart from that the product is working fine.,4.0
Good but no led Indicates,4.0
Returned within one day because of big size keyboard which doesn't fit in any of my laptop bags but a nice set with good quality,4.0
Perfect use for WFH purpose,5.0
Nice product,4.0
damn good battery life . ok for gaming,3.0
I hope it's for gaming and ergonomic... But it's not suitable to my pc.. So...,5.0
Amazing Keyboard with Soft Keys. Worth product,5.0
Some keys are not working.......waste of money,1.0
"Noiseless, but lengthy key board",4.0
Good,4.0
Good quality product . .,4.0
Best quality,5.0
Good product,5.0
have been using it for past 8 months. Working flawlessly. Good build quality.,5.0
"Superb, I like it .. reliable and easy to connect and operate",5.0
Nice and Worthfull just keyboard need a on off button like mouse it may useful for battery life it's ok good product,5.0
Nice product.. but give a led indicator for on off button.,4.0
All good like key and battery life.Battery depend your uses.,5.0
"Not good , keys fitting are very loos , not good at all",1.0
Very poor.... Most of the keys not working in the keyboard.. return request also auto cancelled,1.0
"1 star less bcuz this keyboard doesn't have LED for capslock, numlock & Scroll lock",4.0
Mouse scroll is not working,1.0
Vardy good and best product,5.0
Good ☺️,4.0
"operating very smooth,connected automatically,only thing is made in china",5.0
"comfortable and easy to use, The mouse is good in hands.",5.0
4/5.... Sleek... Smooth... Instant delivery... Works fine... Go ahead...,4.0
"Connection is poor. While typing, it misses some of the Characters.",1.0
"Keyboard is good condition, but num lock light is not working, and printing on keyboard also not good.",3.0
"Best product buy from amazon, i bought 10 keyboard on Amazon but this was best, # best",5.0
"I 100% would recommend it for the use of office, college, coding, etc. But wouldn't really recommend for the gaming purpose.",5.0
Good product..,5.0
Perfect,5.0
Perfect,5.0
Easy to use and very perfect for office use.,5.0
product is good but there is no indicate light for caps lock and also the mouse little bit heavier but its not deal breaker go for it,4.0
Good and excellent 100% +++++,5.0
The product is very bad. Not at all for gaming and typing fast. The keys lag a lot when I type. Don't buy this go for Logitech instead,1.0
Perfect Item.. The Packaging Was Good.. Working Great..,5.0
Unlike any other BT devices this thing is much more precisely best,3.0
Keyboard light not available,3.0
"Simple, comfortable and quite effective, very good for daily use.",4.0
Good,1.0
Genuine product,5.0
Value for money,4.0
Very Very Awesome product by dell work very nice in my PC,5.0
Overall nice product.,5.0
Very nice product.,5.0
Very good product and value for money,5.0
Very comfortable. Soft click buttons,5.0
Dell is best in computer Parts,3.0
produck is best but gaming in not use for phone,4.0
Good product,4.0
Product isn't good. seems a duplicate Dell. stopped working sometime.,1.0
Useful,4.0
Easy to Install. Just plug and play.,5.0
Worth for money,5.0
This long time work for,5.0
Makes too much of noise,1.0
Nice product slim and good,5.0
Power light and caps lock light not working of keyboard ...i got the defective product,1.0
"I like this keyboard very much but there is no indication light for caps lock,num lock,but it's not a major problem it's good...",4.0
"Best ,very good",5.0
Not comfortable,4.0
Good to have it,4.0
It's a amazing product in minimum prices,5.0
Pros- smooth buttons and made of good material.Cons-no caps lock key.,4.0
Good keyboard and mouse.,4.0
comfy to use. keys are perfect.,5.0
"Easy to use, user friendly",4.0
Very good product. Keep my expectation levels satisfied.,5.0
Best buy,4.0
very good,4.0
"Good , but battery life was not good of this product and no on/off button in the keyboard.",4.0
Nice product,5.0
"Esc key not working , bad product",1.0
Some time its not working,3.0
Not as per expectation...,3.0
All working fine,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Well done working super still 👍 after one year used,5.0
Good quality.....,5.0
AWSOME EXPERIENCE,5.0
Great great great,5.0
Waste,1.0
No switch on off button on keyboard,3.0
Awesome,5.0
go for it.,5.0
"Unlike the wired dell keyboards, this wireless keyboard is very difficult to type in. Your hands hurt after a while.",3.0
"Nice and cool, very soft keys",5.0
Mouse is damage .. sensor ray not working,1.0
This combo bast for working,4.0
No indication for caps lock,3.0
"Sleek keys, connect and play and compact!",5.0
Very Good productIn this budget!!In love wid the keyboard 😘😆😍💝,5.0
Nice,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
Nice,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
Good,5.0
Defective Product !  Stopped Workig Within  8 Months Of Purchase,1.0
Good quality and experience.....)),4.0
Nice worth the cost,4.0
Keyboard is not that good,3.0
Not comfortable too light,1.0
Battery consume very fast,2.0
Good working. No damages.,4.0
Keyboard is really beast.,4.0
Very good product,5.0
ergonomic was not that great,5.0
"too high latency, not able to play any game using this product, not even chess on chess.com",1.0
Nothing liked. Not even half star,1.0
Typing,1.0
I like,4.0
I like this it have good sensitivitie,5.0
Love it... The keys are like butterThe mouse is like a real mouse 😂,5.0
"Nice keyboard easy to type , no struck of keys, smooth n soft pressing keys, happy to get this product",5.0
Love the quality,5.0
Great,4.0
Only disadvantage is not having indication for capslock,5.0
The best produt anyone can find in the online market and that too in such a reasonable price,5.0
Good,5.0
Nice product,4.0
Good quality,4.0
Good product,5.0
Good product,5.0
Nice Service,4.0
Good product,5.0
Good product,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Great for daily use,5.0
Slowly slowly working,4.0
Best design,5.0
It's good and easy to use,5.0
Nice,5.0
Life less battery,4.0
Worth the money,5.0
Not working,1.0
I want to return the item as it does not indicate about capslock and NumLock. Or replace.,1.0
It lags battery gets loose and doesnt works properly,3.0
Best Quality and Best Packing.Thx Amazon,5.0
Good product,5.0
Good product to buy,4.0
Keys punching is not smooth. The get stuck very often and it's annoying when you want to type a lot.,2.0
Buttons placement was so far not good,3.0
Keys are cheap quality,3.0
Plug and play device,5.0
best,5.0
Overall is good .,4.0
It's good for most of the things even to the gaming also,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
Nice,5.0
nice,5.0
Nice product,4.0
Its good product of dell,5.0
Waste productCaps lock inigative light always off,2.0
Good,5.0
Good,2.0
Excellent for daily office use.....,5.0
Loved using it.,5.0
Very good battery life,4.0
Easy to install,5.0
Good one.....,4.0
Must buy,5.0
Mouse very bad,1.0
Buy,5.0
Good using more than a month,5.0
Good Product,5.0
That's all you need to know.,5.0
Nice product for multiple reasons,5.0
Great,5.0
Compact portable and comfortable to use,5.0
Good product and worthy,5.0
Amazing product In very low price,5.0
Excellent Amazon Delivery superb,5.0
Good,5.0
good,5.0
Overall fine...,5.0
its good in quality,5.0
1,5.0
Very good product,5.0
Nice,4.0
Good product...,5.0
Just loving this,5.0
1 word only... Fantastic,5.0
Good,4.0
"Good one, only it has no 'menu key' on it using which we can quickly correct spellings.",4.0
Good product.... For movey valuable...,4.0
Worthy,5.0
Great Product. Mouse is a bit on the sensitive side but overall product feels great.,4.0
No dislike,5.0
It's good,3.0
It is a good product for me,5.0
I enough it 1.3k,4.0
Very good product,5.0
Product was good and met the expectations.,5.0
Mouse needs some upgradation,5.0
Excellent,5.0
Nice working and smooth buttons and light wight,5.0
best key bord,4.0
Stop working within 60 days,1.0
Nice Good Work,5.0
Quality not par with price,1.0
Worthy,5.0
Nice,5.0
Nice,4.0
Good,5.0
Is excellent,5.0
No idia,5.0
"Started using it, one of the best product received from Amazon. Excellent design and worth for the money.",5.0
Good,5.0
Super,5.0
Thanks.,4.0
Excellent product i use superb working,5.0
Waste product,1.0
Best performance,5.0
Nice,5.0
MOUSE IS NOT WORKING  FROM THE FIRST DAY . DISAPPOINTED.,1.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Product is ok but packing very bad,3.0
Light weight key board nd mouse super working.,4.0
Battery life is waste,3.0
Must buy product,5.0
Super,4.0
like it,5.0
Good buy in this price,5.0
It's a good product,4.0
Feels good while typing,4.0
Not very good quality. I am disappointed.,1.0
Slim keyboard like laptop awsome,5.0
Not Bad at all,3.0
very nice product,5.0
Product quality is good,5.0
Awasome,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Waste Product.,1.0
Ranges is very poor,2.0
Nice,5.0
NICE,4.0
I like it,5.0
Good typing speed,5.0
Everything is rubbish,1.0
Good,5.0
Working well,5.0
Very good keybord and mouse,5.0
Very good product,5.0
Goog,4.0
On time delivery and working perfectly. Value for Money!,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Value for money!! Must buy it...,4.0
GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT.,5.0
nice product loved it,5.0
MRP of the product is 1399,1.0
semmaa prodect,5.0
Good,5.0
Good to use,5.0
gud product,5.0
Very nice quality,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
👍 nice,5.0
Nice super the money afford it,4.0
Hi,5.0
I like this product,5.0
Nice to work,4.0
💯 T R U E 💯,5.0
Good One,5.0
Met Expectations,5.0
Good.,5.0
working as expected,4.0
good keyboard,5.0
nice,4.0
Great product.,5.0
Very good,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Not bad,2.0
Nice productWorking perfectly,5.0
Nice,5.0
good working,5.0
Excellent,5.0
Great combo,5.0
Great,4.0
luck best,5.0
"It's awesome ,....",5.0
good product,5.0
"I went to a computer shop near by which was a not cheap side, and I got it 300RS less as to what was shown on Amazon.For 2 months the mouse and the keyboard were fine, even after that the key board is awesome, but the mouse wheel is malfunctioning, I'm not able claim the warranty online since the Service tag is not mentioned anywhere.The design of the keyboard is little wide which do not fit in my backpack.Overall, I believe this is not a good product.",1.0
"Great product, especially for the price. I have mostly good things to say; so, I will start with the worst part--which is that the mouse clicking noise a little loud. Other than that, the wireless works without delay or difficulty from around my office, although I haven't tested it for distance. Key's are thinner than your average keyboard, built in and flat on top to somewhat resemble the mac-style boards although they feel like a normal keyboard with the springiness you would expect. That being said, the keys are easy to press and especially quiet for such a cheap keyboard. Your noise level will be somewhere in between tapping and clicking (unfortunately, it's the backspace key that's the loudest, haha), To add context onto my review, I am used to Mac keyboards and wanted something wireless for my work PC that would look a little cleaner. My work PC had a pretty basic Dell keyboard that wasn't wireless and had the trapezoidal keys. It worked fine, but I figured for the price, why not try this one? I am satisfied. I am a little bit particular when it comes to keyboard typing but I'm not extremely sensitive. So, those who want a mid-level keyboard that isn't a complete piece of junk will find this to be quite nice but, obviously, has no special features and is the same size and structure as any average old keyboard.",4.0
Value for money,5.0
"It ia just one of he best product froM Amazon BENEFITSits available for Rs 2050 in market hence i saved almost 750 bucks buying it from AmazonPROSVery soothing keyboard and mice go use,  i love playing my desktop more tha  earlier now..Its having the caps lock key light button too and the best way to thing keyboard and mice both were shipped with the batteries in it.USAGEit depends upon how much  you use it but still batteries will last long.CONSI didn't find one but if you are siting at considerable distance from your smart tv/desktop and the sensor is plugged in back side of it then keyboard/mice performance might lag.VERDICTNo second thoughts to buy it from Amazon.",5.0
Excellet design and smooth working,4.0
"The product i received is giving a feeling of like a copy product. I've used the Dell products for a long time and I'm well aware about the product quality of Dell. But, It not looks like a genuine Dell product. The USB receiver was damaged and needed repair. The mouse is not as fast as it should be. The delay in your command to the can easily be tested on screen. Overall, in just two days of usage,  I felt a huge loss of money after buying this product. I'm sure it will not last even for a full year.",2.0
"If you are looking for no fancy, simple keyboard go for this! It works fine. Keys are soft, works nicely. No light or any other kind of indicators or fancy features. There is an indicator for battery, but it has never worked from day one. (I tried two keyboards, both of them had same problem with battery indicator.) But it is not a critical feature. It wont affect much.I loved the wireless mouse that came in this package. It is full size, fits nicely into your palm. The mouse wheel works nicely with clicks.Final conclusion: Go for it, if you are looking for day to day regular use keyboard & mouse, without any fancy features!",4.0
I have been using this keyboard for a while. The typing experience is not smooth at all. I bought the keyboard falling for the lure of it being a chiclet keyboard. The keys don't go in smoothly like they should and get obstructed by the frame while pressing.I am trapped with this keyboard but my humble suggestion is to look elsewhere.,1.0
i purchased the product from a local store instead of amazon but the product is so bad i wanted to write a review the MOUSE has the worst response time and feels bulky its not good for doing regular stuff either :/ the mouse receiver is VERY weak plus the dpi of mouse is like the worst u can possibly get and same goes for keyboard.you can find much better response time and with companies like red gear or razor or even or Logitech has much better option at reasonable price TOTALLY NOT RECOMMENDED im regretting buying it THINK before u buy. :),1.0
"In case, if you have a doubt regarding a wireless keyboard-mouse combo  works with Pi 4, then this review is for you. In the official website of Raspberry Pi, they mentioned that for the first configuration of the Pi, you need a USB wired keyboard and USB wired Mouse.The Dell KM117 wireless keyboard and mouse combo works well with Raspberry Pi 4 model B. [Perhaps Raspberry Pi 3B+ too (Not sure. i didn't check)]. Connect the USB receiver of the KM117 on one of the USB ports of Pi 4 and it works. This keyboard-Mouse combo works for the first boot too (i.e. before configuring any network connections). I checked with ""NOOBS Offline with Network Install"", ""Raspberry Pi OS (32-bit) with desktop and recommended software"" and ""BerryBoot v2.0"".Pros:1) Keyboard buttons are smooth2) Mouse fits in your palmCon:1) Keyboard doesn't have CAPS LOCK indicator, NUM LOCK indicator.",4.0
Mouse gets jumpy and keystrokes go missing beyond 3 feet distance (no obstructions). Would rate as 0 if I could.,1.0
"I got KM113. I find this products are completely waste of money. The dongle part is lost then they dont provide any replacement with more charge. So then the only option you are left with is throw it in ewaste bin. I believe Dell should be forced by govt regulations, to provide solutions to reduce e-wastage in highly populated a country like India.",1.0
"Good one. Excellent precision, Good battery life. Slim and fit. Best companion for Work from home jobs. Go for it.",5.0
"Working smoothly as expected. I will update this review, if I face any issue in future.",5.0
Overall so so productBad connectivity and lot of cursor lagMouse stops working sometimes and have to turn off and on again and again,3.0
"Overall good product.Not as smooth in typing , but overall does a decent job.",5.0
Good product and delivery fast best in quality no sound instant response easy to nstall better in price buy bell product,5.0
nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice,5.0
Still needs a lot of improvement ... Typing is a big issue.... many times its takes up 1 letter two times or doesnt take at all... not at all satisfied ... eyes always needs to be on screen to check for errors,3.0
No indicator light for caps key... Makes it very difficult to work with because of that. The keyboard typing is very silent so that's the best about this keyboard,2.0
"Using for continuous office purpose, very convenient to use, least stressful",4.0
"Good and fast,  looks gentle musr use for wfh in this pandemic situation where we have to work lot ..",4.0
"Very Good product, but priced very high here at Amazon.Maybe try looking at various other websites. original price is 1400.",5.0
it is a genuin product by dell. I'm setisfied with this product and highly recommend you to buy this product if you are looking for any 2.4ghz wireless combo. keys are very smooth and mouse responce is also good.,5.0
Nice product good quality super system this product is very attractive and very nice all systems Kay board mouse dongle,5.0
Keyboard is good  and keys are smooth and keyboard is light weight am recommend the product to buy value for money,4.0
Very bad QualityPaisa waste hai,1.0
It is a very nice keyboard and mouse I have used it from more than 2 years and I have not issue. Very nice keyboard and mouse,5.0
"𝘽𝙚𝙨𝙩 𝙚𝙭𝙥𝙚𝙧𝙞𝙚𝙣𝙘𝙚 𝙬𝙞𝙩𝙝 𝙩𝙝𝙞𝙨 𝙘𝙤𝙢𝙛𝙤𝙧𝙩𝙖𝙗𝙡𝙚, 𝙨𝙢𝙤𝙤𝙩𝙝 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙫𝙖𝙡𝙪𝙖𝙗𝙡𝙚 𝙠𝙚𝙮 𝙗𝙤𝙖𝙧𝙙.",5.0
Ctrl key stuck and keys are not smooth. Very bad quality keys.,2.0
"Have always been using the dell, logitech or microsoft keyboard for the layout and even though this has that extra function button on the keyboard its well out of the way and does not interfere with normal typing and using the Cntrl and Alt button. Always select the right layout, go for the one with the full keyset that the small keyboard which has smaller backspaces etc and makes typing difficult as you keep hitting the wrong buttons.This keyboard and mouse is great as they both share a single reciever dongle and doesnt use up USB ports. I have a laptop connected to a monitor setup and the wires were getting pretty messy on the table. So wireless was an obvious choice. Had selected the logitech wireless but the DELL beat it on price and the key layout was what i wanted. Duracell batteries included, so you can get going immediately after opening the package.Removed two wire clutters of the mouse and keyboard and now time to get rid of the wired speakers and put up bluetooth speakers for a wirefree desk. Arriving tomorrow :-)",5.0
"The mouse is heavy and would drag on most of the surfaces.even a mouse pad wouldn't help!Being little heavier than usual, the mouse would flow as smoothly as others would.The movement of the mouse on screen shows a little jerks as well.Not recommended , not at least for the price value!",1.0
"I like the product much for gaminf as well as for children studies the keyboard is very soft and super soft mouse , that fulfill all your needs according to your fullfillment i like the product very much and doing my office work also with these ,i like the rpoduct very much economic and elegant , with a great battery life and it is a perfect combo for mouse and keyboard and i suggest you to buy this also.",5.0
"It's really compact for an extended keyboard and the keys are smooth and almost no noise when you type away. Mouse is an average, not so smooth as keyboard. Good combo for the price.",5.0
This is average quality product with very small mouse. It's not comfortable for longer use. Thinking to change it soon. Spend some extra and go for logitech.,3.0
Sometimes key do not work. It is not an as good keyboard from a company like DELL.I did not return this as it is too much of effort in doing so.,3.0
Of course we have the Dell branding which is pretty trusted. The keyboard / mouse combo is good. Keyboard is soft to the touch and silent. Mouse is functioning well as expected. No issues found ... just plug-n-play.,5.0
"I ordered two sets to compare, one was dell and one was logitech...But personally i found Logitech very comfortable for my daily usage...",3.0
Love the Build Quality of the productNice key travelGood mouseeasy to contactprovides batter for Mouse and Keyboardas always Dell is quality is awesome,5.0
"It's connectivity is perfect and It design and textures are perfect. It can be used for multiple purposes. It's Keyboard and mouse, both are amazing and best in comparison to different brand available on Amazon store.",5.0
"Realy very Nice product.First I received Defective pcs, Imidately i return that product and ordered new product. And know it's perfect. Don't think too much jst go ahead and continue buying",5.0
Best Dell original product...Thanks For AmaZon.in,5.0
This mouse and  keyboard are having good battery life and easy to use.Plug and play device,5.0
good product and nice easy for typing also really great buttons,5.0
Meet the expectations,4.0
best one for this price range,4.0
The keys get hard after 9 - 10 moths of use. Cleaning doesn't help much.,5.0
The battery life isn’t great. Otherwise good products.,2.0
Working price high,5.0
A very nice product,4.0
Good,5.0
"This set is good for nothing.... For sometime it was working fine, but now its malfunctioning. Really poor. My work is really gettimg tampered due to this",1.0
original product,5.0
Great product,5.0
