review,rating
"Hii, got this product as shown.Nice sound quality, with balanced mid and lows along with balanced set equaliser.160 watt model is wireless, thats really good. Range of conection is good between bar and subwoofer.READ MORE",5.0
"Best Sound!Bass is best.(I have boAt rocrz 400 headphone which is best and love it!)Audio clarity may have been a little bit better but good.I have Mi TV 4a pro 32 inch TV and connected the sound bar with HDMI Arc and working best.Many of you reviewed HDMI Arc not working. I also faced that problem. Here is the solution.1. Connect HDMI through Arc port on your TV.2. Remove the Aux Cable, if you connected.3. Go to tv settings, input, select HDMI 1 as input source and on all the othe...READ MORE",4.0
"Awesome Product. Loved the sound quality and design. Convert your hall into home theatre. Bass Bass Bass. Very reasonable price. I’m sure you will enjoy every paise of your hard earned money. Thank you flipkart, seller, and manufacturer for this lovely product. Only bad experience I had was with Jeevis technician who did not know how to drill properly but that’s fine. Overall good quality product!!! Again Bass Bass Bass!!!READ MORE",5.0
"boAt AAVANTEE BAR1550.120w sound bar from flipkart delivered yesterday and install today by Jeeves... sound is good bass is high,who loves more bass go for it.you may reduce the bass level. design and look is pretty good. at this price range this satisfy you,but if you compare with high value sony bar so you may be disappointed. sound and volume is high. If you want a mid range sound bar with good quality go for it.  The installation boy is really good in behaviour.it may depends on location....READ MORE",4.0
Excellent sound quality. No distortion on maximam volume. I never expected this quality. I'm just surprised. Bass is excellent. You will be 100% happy with this.N.B. Ontime Delivery by flipkart  and also proper FREE installation by authorized expert.**YOU HAVE TO USE FREE DEMO AND INSTALLATION SERVICE TO ACTIVE WARRANTY POLICY.READ MORE,5.0
"Ground shaking BASS....Never Before...Ever AfterThis sound bar comes with wireless 160w subwoofer, you can place it anywhere. All connectivity ports like optical, hdmi arc, aux, usb port availble its really awesome sound quality  u can feel cinematic theatre bass effect.looking premium finish, compare to sony SA- D40 4.1 this soundbar more better. am sure deafnately you satisfy with this punchy bass and sound. trebles also good, overall am happy with this product,  go for it undoubtedly.BU...READ MORE",5.0
"excellent, Cristal clear sound bass very good surround sound is good , connect  your smart tv berry good theater feelings , total value for money tanku Flipcart tanku seealler.READ MORE",5.0
the bass is really good and sound is also very good. premium quality speakers. feels like surround soundonly the grill fender was bit of sound bar. not proper handling. very good to connect with smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Though the product is OK but Remote is very poor in qualityMostly it malfunctioning .Boat should improve it's quality.My remote is not working properly I have contacted Flipkart, jeev and they r not responding properly.Boat people you have to work on your product quality and aftersale to make your brand a leading one. You cannot be SONY OvernightREAD MORE",1.0
Excellent product from boat. Was in search of right soundbar for almost 15 days. Finally bought boat 2000 160 watts for good reviews in the market which didn't disappoint me. Those who are looking for a good music can blindly go for it.  Dth also works fine . Movies sound clarity is awesome like theatre effect. Can challenge 5.1 theatre effect. Am already  user of JBL home theater but its equally competitive with that. Timely delivered from flipkart and ontime installation and demo from the e...READ MORE,5.0
"one of the best soundbar in this price range..... perfect match for my philips 43"" smart tv......  with bluetooth connection it has great sound, but with arc connection it's like a sound blaster..... if you are searching for a great sound in less price according to other brands then blindly go for it..... thank you flipkart for this awesome deal......READ MORE",5.0
"Grab some snacks it is going to be a lengthy review with a few tricks and tips.Initially when i opened the box i couldn't wait to test it so I connected it to my phone via bluetooth and played a song. OMG! The bass was hitting so hard if you set the volume to 25 and bass at level 4 you can feel the vibrations in the ground. Then I played a classical song in the system via bluetooth the sound seemed muffled to me, the dialogues weren't clear while watching movies, the bass would everytime ove...READ MORE",4.0
Many many thanks to the FLIPKART company for giving me such a beautiful product...Awesome quality of sound super duper product like a king of music.. I like it so much. If you don't buy it in life don't buy anything excellent product . Thanks for Flipkart and board company thank you so much for this nice product..👍👍READ MORE,5.0
"Review after 1 week of use, Amazing subwoofer with crisp base effect and clear audio fro. 2.0 speakersAux, Bluetooth and optic works wellHDMI not supported on few devices (not working with my MI tv)Premium quality audio experience Plastic remote but works well from distance as wellPoor Audio quality with normal setup box, the tweeter makes noiseBought on flipkart sale for rs 5400. Value for money purchaseREAD MORE",5.0
"Tested and just want to say that this product has shaken this segment with kind of price tag and quality like never before. It's under 10k but not to mistake, It's better than many sound bars in range upto 20k. Although it doesn't offer Dolby Digital, but for a 2.1 speaker system, it's nothing more than a gimmick. It's 3D surround sound does the job very well. And the subwoofer is enough to vibrate the window glasses of your room! I tried but couldn't play with it's max capacity for more than...READ MORE",5.0
Sound good and Original Bass osm 3d song Rimot qantrol quality good Sound bar good pirce Boat Soundbar Movie bass good song good Sound super 1550 120 w  Boat Sound quality Super BassREAD MORE,5.0
"best product not just in price but also otherwise, pros..... almost every type of connectivity options are available for different devices.  for my Mi TV 4pro 55 in HDMI connection is best, Bluetooth connectivity respond near to accurate with TV.Base is very good more than expected in this price.sound from the bar completely changed the the viewing experience, suddenly watching TV come to live.  Other than pre-set, you can adjust base and treble to get sound of your choice.cons..... I am...READ MORE",5.0
Good build at this price range.. sound and bass both are sufficient. Bluetooth range is good. It would have been still better if aux cable length was upto 2mtr. short length aux couldn't connect to TV. rest all is good and worth the buyREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product no complaints at all amazing quality if any one is comparing between the creative stage and this then its a clear win fro.the boAt 😍🤗READ MORE,5.0
"Was Really Impressive with the bass, it made the mark as i played the first Bass Song. The quality is real good and the output will be just as you expect. I’ll give 8/10 for clarity ; 9/10 for Bass ; 9/10 for Treble ; Overall experience for me would be 8/10. Just hoped that there could be more loudness but still this setup will make the party litREAD MORE",5.0
"got this in the recent sale for 5400 net after cash back. for this price i think it's pretty decent. bass is very strong. very easy connectivity. i tried connecting using all options like hdmi arc, optical and bluetooth. best output came with hdmi connectivity. hit unfortunately an having problem with hdmi connectivity options. have LG 43in smart tv. hdmi connectivity giving trouble. not sure whether problem with HDMI arc port in TV or the sound bar. hdmi connects after several attempts. but ...READ MORE",4.0
This is so cool and the sound quality feels premium. It has a best bass with many modes. i love the 3d and movie. it feels cinematic in every way. It is awesome.READ MORE,5.0
"boAt is always provide premium sound quality whether it is earphone or soundbar. Performance of this product is beyond expectations. Really amazing for music, movie and gaming. it has160 W RMS soundbar with 400 W subwoofer. better than home theatre actually. if you are love bass then buy it. thanks boAt.READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is superb. 160w is more than enough for 20*18 Hall. I think design may be improved by Boat. But overall product is awesome. Flipkart delivered it in time and within 2 hrs. enginer comes to install the music system. Highly recommend product.READ MORE,5.0
"awesome experience, its really superb one, in fact the best in the market, fully satisfied with boAt Avante Sound BarREAD MORE",5.0
"superb sound quality, excellent bass overall very very good product for this price range, thank you flipkart. (demo &installation company's service is very bad)READ MORE",5.0
very awesome product that have powerful bass and very clear sound and the shipping and installation was perfectREAD MORE,4.0
"Its a great product, bass is just awesome will recommend highly for the people who r thinking of buying it , you will fall in love with the sound.READ MORE",5.0
this product is very good quality and sound effects.bass is to good  so....I am happy purchasing this boat avate bar 2000.READ MORE,5.0
"THE ONE THING THAT I HAVE NOTICED ON FLIPKART IS, ALL THE REVIEWS FOR BOAT AAVANTE SPEAKERS ARE ON THE SAME PAGE IRRESPECTIVE OF THE MODEL THE USER HAS BOUGHT. IT CONFUSES USERS TO UNDERSTAND WHICH REVIEW BELONGS TO WHICH MODEL.hence, here i am mentioning which model I have bought, it will help others accordingly.Model : Avante bar 1550 120wPROS:- Good bass. Bass is sufficient to satisfy your ears.  If u go for other model ie. 2000, it has more bass frequency than this one but it could ...READ MORE",4.0
"Soundbar and SubWoofer is Suberb And bulit quality,Sound Quality is best bass is extremely highWoofer is also good~~Bad part is Second day onwards remote control is not working properly (Volume high low button mute button Not working,Very Bad Experience,on that day I went to mechanic shop &they said everything is good but why soundbar remote not working properly I want to return this productFlipkart Sent Fake Remote Pls Send Genuine remote to my Address Its my request #SAiNAThREAD MORE",3.0
"Affordable, Premium bluetooth sound speaker and woofer. Worth every penny. Crystal clear treble, Punchy bass, all possible connectivity options. Sound clarity is excellent with ARC-HDMI, so is bluetooth. Flipkart sells genuine products with great discounts. Delivery was fast, demo was also quick.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product in this price range. Best of best for Bass lovers. Love it.READ MORE,5.0
I buy this sound bar now running big savings day just 4999/- only. I am BOSS lover my exptation is fulfilled. Awesome low budget sound bar. I love it ! great job Boat !READ MORE,5.0
Good sound with heavy bass but I was expecting loud sound as compare to my old I ball booster home theater. Price was high for this sound experience. I recommend to go for home theater system but if you are a bass lover go for it just like me & also i want to tell that door delivery is not provided to me & I visited to their stoping point which was total 8 kms that's why I am giving 3 stars.READ MORE,3.0
I like this product and the packing was nice. The sound quaility is good under 7999.Bass is punchy to hear.The product came safely to me without any damage. My Expectation were true so u can also buy this product. #boat.aavante.bar.2000READ MORE,5.0
"Design Awesome, Sound Super Awesome, Bass super super super super awesome... Recommended.. Please buy this 120w Soundbar... Purchased at 4,999 from Big Savings Days. Low Cose, high sound... Awesome bass.... Superb bassREAD MORE",5.0
First of all ... Bass..!!! heavy bass..!!! deep bass..!!! The entire room will vibrate if you play some heavy metal songs..I got this for Rs. 6698 on Diwali sails.. Thanks to flipkart for giving this beast at this price.. Ordered on 21/10/2019Delivered on 24/10/2019Installed on 26/10/2019Again thanks to flipkart and Jeeves for the fast delivery and installation.Now coming to Pros and cons1. Deep and clean bass. The woofer is producing heavy bass at very low sound itself and it is ...READ MORE,5.0
After the long use of product things verified as below............ Best sound... Best looks... Good made quality... Full satisfaction... Just the delivery was very late by GATI... This kind of service providers should be parted out from flipkart... Better if this product would have delivered from ekart itselfREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product and excellent music, bass is so nice. I just got this product for 5000( boat aavante bar 120w). The size of the product is exactly set with my TV place. Worth for money.READ MORE",5.0
Delivery is little but late but it's OK. The boat is name enough. Fantastic sounds and Bass are awesome. I am happy that i have chosen boat. Thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"excellent product from Boat, didn't expected this from boat, ARC and Optical option helps me alot to connect from tv.. where this option is available in big brands only...Really Loved this product after 15days of use...I recommed this product for the people who need sub woofer with bar and that too under 10k rangeREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome sound. Bass is terrific even at maximum volume sound doesn't crack. Remote has all features. Overall i am super satisfied with the product keeping in mind it's price.READ MORE,5.0
"superb sound quality, excellent bass overall very very good product for this price range, thank you flipkart. (demo &installation company's service is very bad)READ MORE",5.0
"The boat soundbar is very good and this sound and bass awesome. I got this 4100 rs. Only. The sound voice is very clearly. This is my fourth sound bar, before this I have used three diffrent sound system but this sound bar is very good compare to other three sounds. I use this soundbar in my hall, where the sound is mind blowing. I always suggest this soundbar to all my friends and relatives.READ MORE",5.0
"Now I am using this sound bar for four months. excellent product. movie mode, news mode, music mode works great to give the best experience. Bass is amazing, just go for it.READ MORE",5.0
The best premium soundbar.. class leading fit and finish ... crisp and clear sound with ample bass for its compact size...and a useful remote control too..READ MORE,5.0
"I have used many brands speaker like Philips, Samsung, Sony but now boat is awesome in this budget.  Bass , voice clearity everything is awesome. Go blindly and buy and I am a bass lover thumping is also wow.READ MORE",5.0
"Really it was awesome product at this price,i have bought it on BBD sale it got it for a good price when compared to other brands,really it was good and good sound for hall enough for small budget.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome buy and very much satisfied with the product. Sound n woofer quality is excellent in this  range.I got it for 5400.Thankq Flipkart n Boat.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound is too good and clear, I never test it in full sound because it’s too high, you can enjoy song in low sound too, bass is too good and we love bass+, but if you don’t like bass, you can control using remote. Product delivered within 2-3days, Installation is so fast with in 30 minutes of delivery by Jeeves. Looks is too good feel like premium product, I recommend use to connect HDMI cable, which is far better then Bluetooth connection or AUX connection, it has 4 different mode, “Music”,”M...READ MORE",5.0
"Very good but not canected hdmi arc port to my mi 43inch smart tv Only cannect with aux cable but sound quality is very bad, Bluetooth canectivity with mobile, laptop is very good, But i am dispointed about hdmi port boat avvante soundbar to mi tv  not working so Totaly i feel very badWhat can help me boat soundbar team..?READ MORE",5.0
product is very nice worth for 4400/-sound quality is very good package is also good over all satisfied with productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbars....Bass- Bass- Bass 🔥🔥🔥Very good looks nd premimum quality...if u r bass lover then don't think ..just go for dis......This is totally extraordinary productREAD MORE,5.0
Please don't confuse with Battery back-up details. This sound bar directly works with the power supply.The speaker is best for home purpose.One will get a complete theatre effect completely if you play a video with best audio quality.Really loved it !!! 😍👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾READ MORE,5.0
":::PRODUCT - BOAT AVANTE BAR 2000 160W :::Over all nice sound quality. The vocals are good The highs are great and Bass is Extraordinary.No distortion on high volume Has decent channel separations.Over all nice product. ::::::The issues I faced with this product :::::::*the wireless subwoofer sometimes goes out of sync and mismatches the rhythm.*it has bluetooth 2.1 and this is very misleading at least they should give 4.2 support. *remote is not durable, looks cheap.READ MORE",4.0
"Very deep powerful thumping bass when you place you subwoofer at any corner of ur room ,ultra crystal clear clarity sound bar,vocal super,bass no words,sound very loud,bass and treble adjustable, treble awesome,connectivity very very good. Just shut ur mouth and close ur eyes and go for it. Iam a bass lover and i loved it.READ MORE",5.0
"boAt is the only brand i am loving for the past 2years. Their product's build quality and sound quality is just like wow! That's why i have boAt bassheads 225, boAt Rockerz 510, boAt aavante 2000, boAt AUX cable, boAt Micro USB cable. boAt is company where you get awesome products at your budget. but, I am facing auto connectivity issue with this sound bar. Everytime i have to unpair this device and research it, add it again. but, still a great product to buy.READ MORE",5.0
Treat for bass lovers .. excellent sound quality .. it's truly amazing product and thanks to flipkart for making it available at such a low price.READ MORE,5.0
Best In PriceI got it at 3860I am super happy with the product and My 2nd Day experience also same Happy Shopping With Flipkart And Installation Process Also Good And Fast...READ MORE,5.0
"Super Soundbar From Boat, I already have 2 headfones from Boat, So again decided to buy a soundbar. Got it for 6000/-. Now Sound review - Bass - 5/5, Treble - 5/5, Vocal - 4/5, Loudness - 4.5/5 & Overall Sound Quality - 4/5. Build Quality - Woofer 5/5 , Main Bar 4/5. Connectivity - 5/5. Bass is full but without depth as F&D But enough to rock. Treble is average but clear, Vocal is OK type but without depth.Zero distortion,3D mode is awesome.Wooden woofer cabinet. Fine remote control.But at 6...READ MORE",5.0
Day 1 ReviewI Have connected my device to my Mi TVI deal with music so hope you find this review useful.Boat Aavante 1200 80W The Bass is just Wow. You can organise a small party with this device the whole room gives a superb theatre effect The sound gets a bit suppressed due to basss or whatever. The voice sounds a bit low that can be configured a little bit with the treble.The volume resets to default where you power off the device.I played in all the modes but the most conf...READ MORE,5.0
"i got it for 4999rs, one of the best soundbar for this price range.At first i was so confused to go for boat avante because of the doubt about how will be  bass performance, after getting it guys it has a superb thumping bass with good level of sound clarity with lot more connectivity options(optical, HDMI,aux,usb, Bluetooth).bass -    9/10sound -  9/10connectivity- 10/10design and built- 10/10(pwolli item anu.kannu adachu edukaam)READ MORE",5.0
"It's worthy for money, great product with in this price range. If you are using MI 4A Pro TV, first time using the sound bar with blutooth mode it won't detect, you need to update the TV os, then it will detect for for blutooth mode. Feel the   great sound experience 😊👍👍READ MORE",4.0
i bought this sound bar connected to my samsung n4300 smart tv via HDMI as well as optical i can hear sound from my channels thru my set up box but while playing USB im not getting sound from sound bar but it plays mp3 .. kindly guide meREAD MORE,3.0
"Excellent product and I just got it at rs=4999 . very happy, thank you so much flipkart, I recommended all of u plz go for it if u look for good quality and want bass as well as sound and looks very premium . extream performance of this sound bar,..... and the installation and demo process of jeeves is very good, the installation done next day of deliver the product, good behavior and very much satisfied with purchase from flipkart, and at this time during covid 19 flipkart takes more securit...READ MORE",5.0
"This is Fantabulous product. I am extremely happy bcos I got it in just Rs. 6999. what a deal on the Sale ! Thanks a ton Flipkart. Just one feedback. I haven't seen any serial number on the Boat Product which I received and I have also shared the feedback on it and awaiting for the response which I am very sure that, I will get it. No complaints.. no sweat. This team Flipkart was way way too ahead of all other eCommerce platforms. I promise to shop from Flipkart always now because of the gr...READ MORE",5.0
Boat is a decent product. I feel this soundbar is ideal for Music lovers and for people who would like to have a mini club at home. The bass and treble are good when songs are played.The audio quality when you watch Movies is pathetic. I have tried playing with the audio controls but no hope for watching movies. You would need to set it at high volume to hear any dialogues. The audio quality also goes out of control if its being played at high volume. I'm sure its designed to become the ult...READ MORE,3.0
"Here are pros and cons 120W variantCons.1  Sound is not clear only bass,bass and bass. Voice quality is poor.2. HDMI arc is nightmare3. Even on news channel you will feel like to dance (loud bass)4. Disconnecting subwoofer not helps in reducing bass. Even soundbar produces a loud bass. .5. HDMI cable is not with the package.6. Equilizer modes are not proper. Gives nearly same soundPros1. If you are music party lover, go for it.2. Look is premium.3. Bluetooth connectivity is good....READ MORE",3.0
Boat 1550 120 watts good  sound bar and bass awesome super sound really nice thank u boatREAD MORE,4.0
As per me the product is good you want find much bass in normal songs but yes when you will watch movies 🎬 amazing feelOverall I would say if you planning to buy then buy in sale not on regular price because you might regret later that i would have spent some more money and purchased something more better or best as per your expectations I would suggest one more product you will like F&D T60 of T80.Rest is your wish 🙏READ MORE,4.0
Good budget bar got at big savings day so good soundbar at sale daysBass and sound quality for rate payed But no display indication showing volume increase or anything Rest its a good soundbarDelivery  unit good😊READ MORE,4.0
Best soundbar at this price range. Really nice bass. You can't expect high volume. But good sound quality as well as build quality.READ MORE,5.0
One of the best sound bar in the modern segment.. Dont think just go for it you will love the sounds.READ MORE,5.0
Very much satified with this purchaseBoat is ruling in this sound worldtotally happy with its basd and soundit gives perfect party scenario like DjEasy to move from one place to otherREAD MORE,5.0
"I use the product with my 55"" 4K TV that enhances my viewing experience a lot. It has a good sound output with deep bass and clarity. It gives theatre like sound experience at home. Looks is elegant so also the delivery and installation. You can register the product on website for extra warranty as instructed in product guide book.READ MORE",5.0
It is really a good sound bar. Very useful to improve watching TV experience. Both Bar and Woofer has their own wire to connect with main power supply. There is no connection between Sound bar and woofer. It is corrected wirelessly.Worth to buy it.READ MORE,5.0
"Review for 160W version ( as people are not mentioning there version while reviewing)Product came in time as mentioned. Soundbar is surprisingly smaller and compact than previously thought. However, subwoofer is quite big, but as it is wireless, you can place it anywhere(I haven't tried placing it far as some mentioned in there reviews that it will create a sync problem between subwoofer and soudbar) Sound is loud and clear and bass is also great if you are bass lover. Different modes given ...READ MORE",4.0
"Sound is awesome with more than enough bass, sound clarity is superb without any disturbances, simply go with it blindlyREAD MORE",5.0
"Awesome sound quality with crystal clear sound, it's amazing products I swear. Bass, Treble, surrounding, it's all perfect Thank to Flip kart and specially bOAT 🙏.Only one thing I tell to bOAT. it's all operate on Remote control, but when it's damage what I do that time,  can it available easy to us.  but overall good, better, and best...READ MORE",5.0
অসাধারণ!.IT'S A CLASS...GO FOR BOAT...NOW IT'S A BIG PROBLEM FOR SONY (ABOUT THE PRICE)...PROS:SOUND QUALITY IS JUST ANOTHER LEVEL * (MUCH BETTER THAN SONY UNDER 10K)*BASS IS VERY MUCH POWERFUL...if you play 320kbps songs or musics then u will actually feel the level ...TREBEL is also very goodBASS & TREBLE  control is very goodBUILD QUALITY - 5 out of 5..metal grill of speaker and matte finish of woofer with stylish X design is attractive...REMOTE has a sexy look with full control but...READ MORE,5.0
This is an awesome product. The sound and bass as well as the design and quality are awesome. I love this product so much. It's the best soundbar for this price range. Just go for it if you want a good soundbar at a low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"Pros: Satisfactory bass and Quality budget music system.Sufficient enough for 1000 sqft flat/apartment.Although FK provides free installation/demo, but it's installation is conveniently easy and hassle free.Wireless sub-woofer- no need to keep them coupled together at the same place.Awsum deal  and delivery by Flipkart.Cons:Remote build and quality could have been more better.It doesn't come with any HDMI/AUX/Optical cables, which is mandatory for TV connection.Sometimes, few high b...READ MORE",3.0
"design is good....sound quality is good.....bass is not so good as compared to other low budget 5.1channel speakers like zebronics, intex...overall it is not a waste of money but if u just need a bass not design then go for low budget speakers they will do it fineREAD MORE",3.0
boat soundbar is very good music system ....but flipkart is very bed because filpkart delivery timing so long 14th to 21st day ......i am not happy flipkart delivery work . product is very good but filpkart so bed.READ MORE,3.0
"best sound bar value for money,  superb bass,  bill quality is awesome,  sound quality is really amazing am really satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
"1. Better sound may be due to better signal processing with digital inputs.2. Voice clarity good with 3 levels. (default mode is Movie Mode on initial start)3. Sub woofer and sound bar sync well, felt better with movies and EDM4. Bluetooth works well with auto shifting when enable Bluetooth peer.HDMI ARC out port works with TV) consumes one HDMI of TVREAD MORE",5.0
"well, I got this soundbar for 4400 during the offer and for this price, you will not find any other speakers coming to this quality. Crisp and clear voice. The base is awesome. Best for small parties or function at home. It is unbeatable at this price range.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice , sound is also too good. Superb design.But mind it you should buy it only when it is on sale. 7999 is high for this.So buy it on sale. Superb quality  bar.READ MORE",5.0
"Gys Don't look those are given negative reviews, I think they haven't any idea about sound, my opinion is to good, if you compare JBL, LG, SONY, SAMSUNG upto range 20000Rs, before I buy this product compare all those by listening showroom. Boat Cristal clear sound, Bsaa & Triable extra increase upto level5, and is super, my rated for this product 5/5, Bluetooth connectivity fine, and use all people those haven't smart TV, by using AUX cable, providing by Boat. Simply close ur eyes and buy it....READ MORE",5.0
Its an amazing product you can afford within medium range of budget .Sound quality is so good. Voice clarity is awesome and bass is also good.READ MORE,5.0
"Full paisa vasol and go for it with 160w model onlySuperb clarity superb bass and superb Connectivity.No one can beat this value for money product.For MI 55 INCH TV USER, HDMI 1 IS ARC PORT, JUST PLUGGED IN THE ARC CABLE WITH THIS SOUND BAR AND REMOVE ALL THE HDMI OR ANY OTHER CONNECTED DEVICES. THAN POWER ON THE SOUND BAR AND MI TV AND KINDLY ON THE CEC SETTINGS IN HDMI SETTINGS. INPUT SOURCE IN SOUND BAR IS HDMI AND IT WILL DISPLAY AS HD.NOW CONNECT REST OF THE INPUT SOURCES. RESULT IN...READ MORE",5.0
Best soundbar at this price range. suitable for basic house dimensions. good enough to annoy your neighbours with this beast soundbar. Thanks to boAt for not disappointing in terms of quality and thanks to flipkart for timely delivery.READ MORE,5.0
"Thankyou Flipkart to getting such a good product by Boat as in low cost. Clarity of sound is good, but bass is something low if your hearing in medium sound. But overall it’s to good to get this prise . Once agin thankyou to Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Bass is little on the higher side for this. If you have Bass on 5 then I think you will not be able to hear the mids and lows of songs. So its better to hear the songs with Bass at level 2 only for nice sound. I must if volume is full then it is same as somebody playing DJ in my house. Its really class product got this deal at 6750 which is a big steal. Thanks alotREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing sound. Mingblowing bass. If you love bass just go for it. Never heard such super bass from any music system. Its highlight is that it can give you significant bass even at low volumes which is a rarity.The installation process was a bit complicated as the jeeves are saying they move apart with flipkart. Boat said they do not perform installation. Flipkart executives had no clue who will install. Ultimately an Ekart guy came and installed the product. These speaker do not require any...READ MORE,5.0
"Its good quality soundbar,  very clear sound.  Best bass,  totaly its a prfrble prdct. Im totly happy. Volum after 22 its bigger sound.  This is more enough for a 14* 12 sqft room.  My windows are vibrating when its playing.  Deep bass is givs us a good feel.READ MORE",5.0
I am writing the review after using it 4 months. The sound bar perform at its best and i am impressed by the sound quality and booming bass. No distorted sound at full volume. You just need to place the subwoofer at right place to get the maximum performance. Just place the subwoofer at the corner of a room on the floor not on height. Sound is balanced. This was a steal deal at Rs.5000 Price for me. u cant believe your ears untill you hear the sound from it. Go for it without thinking. Make s...READ MORE,5.0
Everything good but not found HDMI port as I suggest you that if purchase for LED or LCD TV you should be sure about the HDMI port while purchasing any sound bar or home theater that makes you feeling like real home theatre experienceREAD MORE,3.0
If you are aware of the sound quality in Sony or any other branded company's then you will not like this product.It is a budget friendly speaker.If you need real home theatre experience then it comes with a cost for which you need to prefer Sony.If you need budget friendly speaker then this is the best one in this price segment.I got this for around 4500 and installation is done on the same day.READ MORE,4.0
The product is awesome till date..I bought it 10 days back and it's working quite good till date. One thing is that amount for this is a little high. Rest amazing product in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Wonderful and amazing product..i will really impressed ...bass is too good and voice is too clearance.. I like this product... And flipkart delivery  and installation is too good ...thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good product with best quality....and awesome base sound..... I loved it....best potion to choose.... Worthy... Great boAt aavente 2000.....totaly EXDRODUNARY product.....READ MORE,5.0
Speaker is awesome.. Feel like theatre experience which is awesome.. Installation was very bad. No proper explanation about the speaker. He was not patient to listen me for some clarification.ARC - Try with proper HDMI cable. I think 1.4 cable not working for me and tried with different one. Yes it was worked.HD mode is awesome than AUX. But AUX also giving superb experience.Connecting ARC in smart TVs1. Ensure your tv has HDMI port with ARC support2. Connect HDMI cable in that Tv’ ARC...READ MORE,4.0
"Overall great experience with this product!Overall sound quality - 4/5Bass - 5/5Design - 5/5Value for money - 5/5Ease of connectivity - 5/5Flipkart installation - 5/5 (done on same day when product was delivered)Rock music lovers may not like the sound quality as much but remember the next best thing is either a high end Bose, Sony or a Yamaha- 3x the cost of this one.If you are a Bass fan, know that the woofer is powerful!Use HDMI or TOSLINK cable for better audio quality.READ MORE",5.0
"In love with bass of boat, superb sound quality but i found little connectivity problem.Sound of bar speaker sounded less to me. Finally product is worth for payed amount.READ MORE",5.0
"bought this superb sound system for 6,755 rupees.it has clarity, different modes for sound(movies,music,news&3D), good bass,loud enough for small indoor parties and functions, good built quality, looks premiumif you need a great soundbar and subwoofer system for TV,Comp, etc... then this is the best under 10K.if you buy it , trust me, you won't be disappointed.READ MORE",5.0
Nothing can be better than this at such price.... awesome product... Strong build quality and amazing sound with great bass... I got it for only Rs 4499 during BBD saleREAD MORE,5.0
"I purchased product for Rs.4499/- during this offer on 02nd October,2019. I already well known about this speaker. A very very boombox quality speaker is this. Very powerfull bass, like DJ. Treble is very nice. Very high sound. Remote is very nice. We can operate it from any directions. I love it a lot. it is very very good for one room kitchen. Just go on & purchase it. You also like it.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product sound is crystal clear bass is sooper duper  jhakaas like a fire vibratre the things in room when u  play full bass beeter if give dolby digital 3d mode is availaible.READ MORE,5.0
"Gyus...boat avante 160 sound bar is totally amazing in this price. Sound bar sound output is very crystal clear & Bass is such an amazing with boom bash output...my house main hall size is 15*12 & when I played song with bass with only 1 level & Volume level just keep 10-12, I seriously feel my hall is shaking and if you watch movie then you must feel like home theater...I will give for boat avante bar 160 10/10...READ MORE",5.0
Amazing sound quality. Rating 4.9Bass is very good . Rating 4.8Sound is surrounding like PVR . Rating 4.9Sound is crystal clear. Rating 4.6So it is best deal for every one to purchase for home use.READ MORE,5.0
"Guys! I got my sound bar installed. Viewed many negatives but they are all unlucky to have a defective pieces/ products didn't meet their expectations. However, @ Dis range This Z an amazing purchase..its value for money...sound quality Z very good. Bass Z awesome!! Overall good review from my side!!. Yet to experience more in D coming days. Vl update its performance every 10 days. It's a Yes!!! From my side. Just blindly go for it guys!! It's a sound Beast!! It's more than enough for a mediu...READ MORE",4.0
"when we connected to au mode 3.5 jack it's very distabance and remaining things is nice Bluetooth is very nice connectivity and bass is very nice and sound is very nice I brought it 5,500 if any body buy itREAD MORE",4.0
"Really excellent product, just feel like movie theater, thank you flifkart... Amazing sound clarity... Great full of Boat company.READ MORE",5.0
Really a good one with the best price. love the sound quality.Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery and installation was done in the given time.5 star to boAt for build and sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
You can go with this sound bar blindly... absolutely phenomenal bass and treble too... superb highs mids and lows... connectivity is awesome too... just perfect sound bar can't expect more... go with this without any hesitation.... The subwoofer sounds just awesome and the bar is loud enough.... just expect an amazing home theater experience.. though not dolby digital still it's close to it... if I compare to blaupunkt (which I have in my room) boat one sounds better and crisp... go for it w...READ MORE,5.0
I am one of the critics who believed in perfection & this BOAT SOUNDBAR (AVANTEE BOAT 160 W SOUNDBAR) IS WELL DESIGNED & AT THIS MINM COST VERY VERY PROMINENT TO MARKET IN COMPARISON TO ANY REPUTED BRAND.I understand NOW that the beauty of BOAT SOUND BAR system depends on PLATFORM OF INPUT MODE. The MORE ORIGINAL SONGS  playing in RIGHT PLATFORM through Bluetooth gives you extraordinary beauty of this system.THIS BOAT SOUND BAR GIVING ME EXTREME EXTRAORDINARY SOUND-BALANCED WITH WOOFER SY...READ MORE,5.0
"M love in with the sound quality... Impressed specially with the bass... This is my 3rd boAt product...Now i agree boAt has the capability to to compete with big companies like Sony, Philips, JBL, etc...READ MORE",5.0
"1. on time delivery2. product box was not in good condition3. design and looks are good4. require two power connection, one for bar and one for woofer5. Bluetooth connection is bit lagging and out put sound is not as expected in Bluetooth connection6. In HDMI its rocking awesome bass but still feel sound is not enough as I expected from 160w ( Netflix & prime) sound DOESN'T play on my Samsung latest model was disappointed with HDMI connection7. In optical connection my issue was resolve...READ MORE",4.0
"Best soundbar like a Dolby sound. best Bass. awesome 3D mode. connectivity is also good. HDMI Arc port connected with my Mi TV 4X 43"" 4K in first time, but you have to use Arc and high speed enabled cable, that's provided on AMAZON> Brand- Bluerigger (price about under 400Rs.). HDMI Arc connectivity is so good.READ MORE",5.0
"its good product ,but the demo was not good product is good but demo  and fixation  was not goodREAD MORE",4.0
"No theoretical surrounded at all like it come in Marq sound bar , bass is good but not as good as Marq, better buy Marq if you would like to hear theoretical surrounded and bass for complete theoretical experience. I bought based on the review and star rating, but it proved me our satisfaction is important than others .Don't just go by name. Check the quality always and satisfactionI would recommend you to buy Marq sound bar subwoofer than this sound barREAD MORE",1.0
"Superb product, Sound+quality awesome.Bluetooth connectivity is too fast.Buy at rs.4949 on big savings day 120 w version if you have less money than wait for sales day it will definitely benefit you.Worth for money product.READ MORE",5.0
"Product is good No doubt.Crystal clear sound quality, bass awesome.But, one thing to say, it is designed in America and manufactured in China😡😡😡.Quality wise it is best 5 star, but for manufacturing in China I am giving it 0 Star....Thanks,READ MORE",3.0
"Sound quality is crystal clear. Bass is superb. For me the best sound quality comes om 3D mode and through bluetooth. When using AUX cable, thw sound quality is not good. There is no battery in the bar. It is easy to operate. And lastly I want to request the company to Make it in India only and not China.READ MORE",5.0
One of the best in this segment. i had researched enough and purchased this..and this turned iut to be a gem...I have seen JBL in my friend house and this is way much better at the super affordable cost..bass - 10/10sound 10/10design 10/10space 10/10compatible 10/10Perfect for home..I guess no compitition at this price point..Go for a buy without Much thinkingREAD MORE,5.0
Super bass at that prize range . I got it for 5000. It has good sound quality . It is a best sound bar at that range. But I am not happy with Jeeves techicianREAD MORE,5.0
I am in the mindset of buying expensive imported AVR speakers & woofer for 75k. Due to budget constraints finally I have changed my mind by buying boat aavante soundbar with woofer in Flipkart sale. Before booking I saw 100's of reviews about the product and after booking I personally went to a nearby local shop and heard the quality of music delivered by the soundbar. After hearing the sound I thought of not  cancelling the order. Within 2 days of booking I got the soundbar in sealed box. Af...READ MORE,5.0
"First of all it is made in China, though INDIAN brand but must be manufactured in India only, therefore 3 Star only. Since I purchased by mistake, so my honest review  for Aavante 1550/120W as below,- Bass is high & good but not smooth or soft.- Bluetooth/Remote working fine but distance is short.- Although music sounds good but somewhere      missing feelingness as oppose to CREATIVE brand.- Crystal clear voice as well as softness low but good for party or other entrainment.- Last but ...READ MORE",3.0
Its a good sound bar with bass woofer u r a bass lover definitely you like Looks like premiumAlso packaging is nice Flipkart good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and bass quality of this soundbar is superb. Bluetooth connectivity is also very fast. For indoor party this soundbar is perfect. No distortion in sound at high volume. Volume 20 is more than enough. Looks wise it's pretty good. At this price range it's a beast. I recommend it to all who loves bass. Boat is providing very good  product at a attractive price. Price to performance  ratio is quite impressive.READ MORE,5.0
It's a masterpiece from boat ... At this price range this is the best broduct. I am highly impressed ... Delivery was just one day after the order in the time of lockdown. I am so happy.There are diffrent modes as well ... You can control bass in negative as well. Thanks boat and flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sounds great boat company high bass collety clear sound beautiful sounds bur system this priceREAD MORE,4.0
The product is very nice as expected...but had a doubt about its connectivity with hdmi arc cable with mi tv which is working fine....So overall very nice product and deep bass with cinematic experience soundbar. In this budget range u can't get better than thisCons- Bluetooth doesn't work that well if u keep ur device a bit distant.READ MORE,5.0
best product with great finishing and clear sound. bass quality also very good. best product in price range.. buy it blindly..READ MORE,5.0
good product.. if you are mad about music go for 120  watts.. otherwise this very comfortable amd satisfying... sound quality is not that much good if you are looking for overall ok ok product.. you cant watch movies bcoz you will never understand the audio.. bass is too muchREAD MORE,3.0
After using for 1 year I am here for review  I get this for 5200 rupees on sale I love this all are good just go for it I think such type of quality on another products you had to invest 10000 rupees.. Better to go for itREAD MORE,5.0
BoAt aavante bar 1550 120 W. Excellent product. Love this bass its very Powerful 💥 i never expected this bass and sound quality. No distortion on high volume. Overall good product. Specially dedicated to  bass lovers😍💥💥READ MORE,4.0
"Pros:- 1)Fast delivery by ekart2) Heavy bass3) Sharp design4) Multiple connectivity option5) Fast Bluetooth connection6) Nice packingCons:-1) Its only for music. (If you use it for news, movies try to listen without the subwoofer)2) Aux cable doesn't support most of the devices.(for me don't know about others )3) Wall mount screw is not provided so I have to purchase them.😡Conclusion:- If you are a bass lover then must go for it. It really produce heavy sound. But at first when ...READ MORE",3.0
"Genuine review : overal product awesome just blindly purchase this product the base very neat and clear, sound quality also good, I am giving 4 star rating, I am very satisfied in this product boat company always rocking, thank you boat company and also Flipkart,READ MORE",4.0
Wonderful product finally got product for 4500 worth for money super bass and super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product  sound  and designed also good I got 4399 price in Flipkart boat Avante  bar 1200 super nice product.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent bass and sound quality. It’s sufficient for 12x12 rooms I’m using it from since 9 month sound quality is alot better go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"It was my first time ordering a Boat sound machine. The sound bar and sub look cool and the build quality seems pretty good too. However the shuffle between music and dialogues between movie is pretty bad. While watching a movie i have to hold the remote in my hand constantly to adjust the volume as it suddenly gets really high when a song or heavy background music comes up. Though they have provided a movie sound option on remote, the function does not do much. Apart from that the music soun...READ MORE",3.0
NICE PRODUCT AND NIC STAFF MR. JASVIR SINGH   COMPANY JEEVES NIC CASTMER SERVICES TIME TO TIME AND FAST WORK AND GOOD SERVICE FOR INSTALLATION STAFF WORK..READ MORE,5.0
"Sound bar : simply awesome nice output on movie, music, news modeBass: No words if you bass lover blindly go for it...Negative : some time that bass killing the voice which need to be improved.Some time HDMI connection to tv need to select each time it's not recognised by Tv or Boat need fix.If you need more bass 160w best option which contains wireless subwoofer which is cool choice.And 120w would be fine if you not love bass that much....8/10 for my rating for 160w BoatREAD MORE",5.0
"Have been using the sound bar from last 6 months. It is performing very well till date. Loved the bass, have adequate sound. Clarity of the sounds are great, some time feel the bass are boosted little bit. Great feature, let it be connectivity or controls,eye catching look and great build quality. Loving it.READ MORE",5.0
"I'm really Thankful to Boat, one my best purchase it's worth for what I spent money on it.go for it1) Quality of 🎶 music ultimate2)Bass 100% will you enjoy.3) Jeva instillation technician Mr HemanthHe was installed professional and explain about the system it made me more comfortable.Thanks for Flipkart and Jeva team.READ MORE",5.0
Reviewing it after 6 months of purchase. Bought 120W model for Rs. 5000 during big billion days sale. Worth every penny. Have ordered for a friend as well and he is liking it.Sound quality - 4.5/5 Value for money 5/5Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome i was searching best music system i am only satisfied with this boat..#Built quality#neat look# crystal clear sound and enough bass#while whatching movies it really gives theater experience Over all best in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"This 120w bar is awesome but when it's going to full volume, bass feels cheaper....nd when it's come to half volume bass is to much powerful but not in full volume... overall this bar is best in sound quality , build and design....I will not recommend for to much bass lover...you will get to much bass but you have to compromise with sound levelREAD MORE",5.0
"After discount and everything, bought it for 6999, after 2 weeks my reviews are below.... 1. Look wise very stylish2. .. It has great sound output. The Bass will literally shake the room. Great product... Highly recommend if you are on a budget and want good value for your mone y. 3. The soundbar and subwoofer is wireless. Bass is super powerfulGood volume levels and Multiple connection options to set up with in minutes4. Only flipkart provides Technician for installation - 5/55. Packi...READ MORE",5.0
"I will review sound bar, Flipkart & Boat service review in detail.1st as per flipkart there will be a technical personal or expert who will visit to install it. And guess what just an ordinary electritian visited to install it who doest know functions of TV & sound baar too. No demo given by him. He just asked sir chal gya ok hai.Boat 1550 review Sound quality of the product is top notch. Bass is really ground shaking. Loved it.Looks - awesome. But there are some issues.Problems -Co...READ MORE",3.0
Best in Market at this price range.. Top quality bass .. & very powerful bass.. I m totally satisfied.. ❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
The theater experience in home cinema best soundbar and extreme bass the 3d effect is best bass and voice quality this great product wireless subwoofer is easy connectivity easy installationREAD MORE,5.0
Sond quality is good but not great  some noise is comming from the left corner of the sound bar  at low volume and even increase in high volume ...boat need to improve sound qualify otherwise its a great sound system....Tips :- If u think vocal is low according to bass  then use a equaliser to play the song in Flat u will definately love the song with clear vocals and great bass ...READ MORE,5.0
"The best sound bar at the market, without a doubt. I got it for 5499/- really worth the price. The Bass OMG... damn out of the world. The sound is at its best, connectivity is good too.Recommendation - Connecting it via HDMI makes the sound compress and bit (It's definitely not a con, but if your a gaming peep like me you'll fine a difference) so it's best to connect via Bluetooth itself. It's simply flawless.I'd recommend this for everyone. Disclaimer : Don't try this with your regular C...READ MORE",5.0
Overall experience is good. I feel the Bass dominates the vocal sounds. There should be a night mode as well which can normalise the Bass other wise night viewing experience is going to be hectic...READ MORE,4.0
Bass lovers go for it.i got it 7.5 k and sound quality is amazing.quality of sound depends on connection port.Very good service by installation technician.given proper guidance to us.Thanks to him also.READ MORE,5.0
I can say 100% that a good product will not be found anywhere at this price. Such a great deal. I am so happy today with Boat Aavante Bar 1550 120 watt.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product from BoatBest soundbar you can get in this price range. I am a bass lover but I feel it is heavy and you cannot control even if you reduce it. So placement of your subwoofer is very important. It can even compete with 5.1 speakers which is offered by other brands. You can go for it!!!!if you like bass boostBass: 4/5Treble: 5/5Design: 5/5Overall: 4.8/5READ MORE,5.0
Honest review.... Please read and like so that it can reach maximum peopleBass is outstanding no doubt. Sound is not great for party but for personal and home use... If you are fan of loud sound and strong bass just go for other and if you are looking for strong bass and for individuals it worth every pennyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality.no distribution on maximum volume . I never expected this quality. I'm just surprised. Bass is excellent. You will be 100% happy with this.Delivery by flipkart and also proper free installation by authorized expert. Thank you flipkart and boat ...READ MORE,5.0
"Best Crystal clear soundbar in budget price, forget expensive and go for it, made in india, amazing bass, awesome sounds effect specially in 3D surround sound mode. no battery in soundbar so dont expect for battery, but perfect pairing wirelessly in any device.READ MORE",5.0
"Got this 160w model for Rs. 6300.00 at Independence Day sale. I am using optical cable for bet sound output from tv. Do not use aux or 3.5mm jack, those sounds very bad, as they can't decode and process the digital sound frequencies.use optical or HDMI cable for best sound output.  Bluetooth works fine. Now coming to the sound quality, the bass is awesome even in the price range of 12k nothing come close to its deep baas. Vocals and high's are ok but not excellent as bass also not average eit...READ MORE",5.0
"Bought it after reading some comments.My take...I bought 80W output 2.1 sound bar after reading comment that 80 W is more than enough for hall of approx size of        15 x15. However, that was not to be. Worst, no policy for return. Its replacement policy only.Given a choice, would replace it with 120W 2.1 soundbar by paying difference. Even ready to bear transportation cost.Pros...1. Sleek, wall mountable2. Decent connectivity with aux and bluetooth3. Bass is decentThats it.Cons...READ MORE",3.0
Avsome sound bar..i can't hear advice top up level volume because its very loudly.. 120 watt is enough for. Large room or hall its very sharp sound and bass. Bass is i put -4) it's also giving good bass levelREAD MORE,5.0
"I liked the product very much....I was looking for a good sound system in budget range since long but could not find one. Then I found these speakers in recent sale at flipkart. These are perfect for a normal size room, have great bass, good sound quality and most importantly pocket friendly. I purchased  Boat Avalanche 120 Watt and it costed me at around Rs.5200 after getting discount from my card.  U cant even think of JBL or other products with similar specification at this price range. On...READ MORE",5.0
I was in confusion before I go for it.. ( creative and boat )Finally I taken decision to go with boat..Which is great choice ...Amazing bass and sound...Cons : Aux connection is normal and USB is always start from origin...Anyway it will be not big concern...I have seen many review before I buy this ..it's like theater feel..Yes it's true...READ MORE,5.0
"It's been 10 days I purchased this product. Initially I dont like the delivery done by Flipkart. Also I got a box which is completely torned out. Just a single cut done by the authorised person it got unboxed. Points which I like:-I bought this product for 5 k. Basing on the price to Performance ratio it's a good product.But, I'm a bass lover. So, while I was listening to music through the Aux & bluetooth it's good till the volume of 25. And bass & treble are just avg. U can't feel like t...READ MORE",4.0
Amazing product. Serves the purpose of a sound bar. Absolutely perfect for the price range. Do not compare it with expensive sound bars. Design and built quality is gr8. Best part is the woofer can be kept at any corner of the room in bluetooth range with a power source around. Hazel free connection. Just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Worth for money I got this at 7k which one has good sound quality with good bass if u guys willing to connect to smart TVs Den go through with HDMI port it gives more detail with soundsREAD MORE,5.0
"Rs 4999 is actual price of this soundbar not offer, if I compare sound quality of soundbar (not bass quality).I think customers buying this product only for bass under budget segment but friends who loved sound quality don't go for it soundbar sound quality is not good it have no Dolby digital surround sound that'swhy do work like Radio I was know when I purchased, but I don't know like this quality 'coz I have boat 12 watt bluetooth speaker then i compared 12 watt and soundbar is 60w and su...READ MORE",4.0
"I bought this for 6,299 in sale. It's worth at this price, wireless woofer, smart design, clear sound. I compare it with other products as well but selecting this was right decision. Must buy.READ MORE",5.0
"It discovers a new level of immersive, cinematic audio experience at ur home itself. It delivers a clear mid and high range around ur surroundings. It has a sleek body which is glossy n attractive too. Provides a balanced sound n deep bass...Bass lovers would love this, recommandable sound bar.READ MORE",3.0
"Everything with this system is so perfect except the quality of remote!! I bought this twice. One for myself and other one to gift. If you're looking for a good Bluetooth speaker in reasonable price, there's nothing better than this in the market. Go for it!! I bought it for 3499 in flipkart. Thanks to them.READ MORE",5.0
"Purchased under the sale for 7300 including all the discounts and cashback. For this price its absolutely a great deal, the bass is really good while the voice clarity is equally good too. I have a big room where the soundar is placed under the tv and the sub-woofer is kept at a distance of 9 feet and the connection between them works perfectly fine. Big thumbs-up to boat for tge product. Highly recommend.READ MORE",5.0
Nice sound bar from boat little bit distortion in 120 words sound bar at full volume but in at 25 volume and lower are the best for the speaker this is good for a large size or a mid size haul for better bass small size is betterREAD MORE,4.0
I was blown by this sound and delivery was on time and sound is just awesome had great feeling of every beat with proper bass control and treble control and installation was done on same day by engineer and delivery boy was very polite Thank Flipkart i got for 3999 and remote control is fantastic i just loved this boat productREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass is really as expected from BOAT 🔥 Quality sounds goodMore than actually worthGenuine feel of music is always felt from boat products. I really loved it.Drawbacks are always with every product, quality doesn’t sound good at full volume of the bar, but medium volume is good at room level. Bluetooth Connectivity is a lill bit slow but there is no problem during the Bluetooth playback.A little bit heating is seen 😒 on the bar for longer use.Overall , it is excellent for its pri...READ MORE",5.0
"For this price, it's just mind blowing. When i saw it at this price i.e 4500,  I've ordered it right away for future purpose. Sound is just amazing you can get at this price. Best soundbar under 8k for sure. I've set treble at 5 and bass at 3 , tried this with every connection possible sound quality is best when connected to hdmi arc and through usb. But optical, Aux and Bluetooth Sound output was great too you just have to raise volume lil more when connected with these. I'm Amazed with the ...READ MORE",5.0
You are going to like it... Good bass and good treble... But connectivity is bad.. it connects sometime with HD cable and sometime not... Bluetooth connectivity drops intermittently.READ MORE,4.0
Using it since 10 days... got it for 4998. Go for it people. The best one. Am using the bar of 120W output. Great for home purpose and party. The sound is so clear and bass is just wow... undoubtedly the best one in market at this rate...Again reviewing after 2months. It's the best one. Go for it undoubtedly...READ MORE,5.0
"Bass is pretty good. Sound quality is nice. Sleek design and Bluetooth connectivity is also good. Overall it's a paisa vasool performance in this budget. Last but not least, this soundbar never disappoints u as well as a great compitition with higher budget variants of leading brands.READ MORE",5.0
"I got Boat 80w Sound bar 4300/- This is worth of price, Sound is good Iam using my Lap and mobile for movies and music overall goodREAD MORE",5.0
ProsExcellent build qualityCrystal clear soundTwo tweeters are there so you can't miss small sound alsoMore connectivity optionExcellent quality from hdmi cableConsNot all type hdmi cable is not supporting. I tried three different variant hdmi cable. Finally it's works with original Sony hdmi cable.I am a deep bass lover. In my point of view bass jus laging. Overall it's a excellent sound bar at this price so without hesitation u can go with this productREAD MORE,5.0
"If you have the budget for 160W version then better go for philips htl2163b. Cons:1. Bluetooth version is very old, you will face connectivity issue. It's good to connect only to its own sub woffer.2. 3d sound is actually worse than the normal equalizer setting. 3. Don't expect any type of surround effect, not even with aux cable. 4. Bass is too high for the 160W version, so high that you have keep it in -ve to be able to actually listen to anything else.5. Remote control is very flims...READ MORE",3.0
I bought it on big savings day for 4199 and it is simply awesome and perfect sound clarty and set to my hall.. And the sound is bhooom...... Loved it...READ MORE,5.0
"This is one of the best music system I have experienced.....Sleek and Beautiful design.... Mesmerizing sound quality....Awsome features...Remote control makes it user friendly.....Sound to bas Deewana Bana de.....If it is romantic, you once again fall in love..If it is rocking you will start dancing.....BEST PART IS YOU GET ALL THIS AT A VERY REASONABLE PRICE ...READ MORE",5.0
Brilliant sound quality and design! The highs and lows are best in the 3D mode. Easily connects through bluetooth and looks really good below my tv. What a beast!READ MORE,5.0
Excellent build quality and sound quality.Budget killer. One important thing to note is that you should connect HDMI/optical/USB input for the best quality. Sound through Bluetooth input is not good compared to those.Rich bass and crystal clear sound is assured.Also very good and prompt installation by jeeves team. Hats off to seller for faster delivery also.READ MORE,5.0
wow so nice looking and super 👌 👌 👌 sony quality  bess bess good I love you boat love you to flipkart  good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbar... superb quality and superb sound also Bluetooth connectivity is excellent...loge this product and Flipkart always deliver original product ...I trust in flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product. First i got a defective piece but kudos to flipkart, they replaced ot with a new fresh piece. Technical team supported and understood very well about the problem. After all this i learned that bluetooth connectivity may sometimes lag and due to wireless option the bass may also lag a bit. But if the connections are proper and the device is kept in range it would work perfectly.READ MORE",4.0
thankyou flipkart for very quick delivery with in 12 hours . this is my second product from boat . first i purchase the bt headphones then sound bar .   boat music device's having Cristal clear audio output with low cost and very stylish look  i love this sound bar  iam not recommend this for large roomsREAD MORE,5.0
very good product & service..!!!I'm very happy because very fast delivery and installation demo...!!!Jeeves engineer Mr Nandan Kumar ( emp I'd - IPJEPT0009) very soft skill and good behavior and very nice & good install my product..!!!I'm very happy thanks Flipkart.. and thanks jevees & Thanks Nandan kumarREAD MORE,5.0
"It's a good purchase for me, Good bass and clear sound clarityREAD MORE",5.0
"There is no battery backup that's why I am rating 1 but overall rating is good as per price and sufficient sound for home purpose sound clarity is excellent it is not connecting to my Sony TV via bluetooth ,aux input cable length is very short only one MTR , and  after wall mounting it is very difficult to connect aux in cable and woofer cable ,usb drive I think it should be given in left or right or bottomREAD MORE",4.0
"User friendly , works good , awesome sound and bass . Thank you flipkart for this amazing product☺️READ MORE",5.0
one of the best Bluetooth speaker in this price.Boat brand is reliable as they only deal in the speaker manufacturing.Go for this product and enjoy the sound.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product in this price range. Go for it and would strongly recommend for it. Sounds covers a full room with decent bass and gives a cimenatic experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice everything. Sound quality and clearity both awesome. 3d sound works nicely. In short worth the money . Not at all the bad product to buy under 4k. Worth the price 100%READ MORE,5.0
"It's the glossy finishing and the X-shaped look of the product that gives you the first impression. The 160W powerful output speaks the rest. Possible to hear all the details. Wireless sub woofer!! Bass is deep and clean without noises even in maximum volume. Control over bass and treble via remote. Four equaliser settings, each unique to its name. Bluetooth connectivity is also good. I couldn't say like how well it's gonna sound for a very larger hall. But it's extremely good enough for a la...READ MORE",5.0
"Review after 10 days of use. This is a Beast. A mind-blowing Speaker of Music Lovers.Sound: Very premium, you can hear every bit of music, hear every instrument, voice clarity is awesome.Bass: Just mind blowing, a perfect product of Bass lover.Treble: not making any difference from step 1 to 5.Volume: Enough for a big room, though I can't use not more than 15 steps in my 12x10 room, for outdoor party use it in step 35 and see what happened.Connectivity: I used it bluetooth, its awesome ...READ MORE",5.0
Awsome Amazing soundtrack effects blissful great gratitude grateful respectedREAD MORE,5.0
I am extremely happy about the product. it's best soundbar in this budget. sound quality is clear with superb boss. but not happy about retailer retailNet who packed my order on date of delivery. and Flipkart associated with gati courier for delivery. again gati services are worst I can say they delivered 7 days after promised delivery date. I have one more order ifb washing machine that also not delivered on time again same gati courier issues. Flipkart team please make sure you don't use th...READ MORE,4.0
It is one of the best product compare to all brand sound bar and subwoofer.Bass and Treble is very clarity and nice to hear.Design is amazing .It fit for 43inch TV Don't compare to other brands.One of the best product in Flipkart.It full fill my Home theater system.Guys buy it and enjoy ok byeREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome product by boAt, awesome bass and nicely designed..boat always amaze you, fully satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
"I purchased this soundbar recently. after using it for 2-3 weeks, i can sayprosSound quality is really goodBass is awesomeMultiple connectivity such as aux in,HDMI,optical and BluetoothVery easy to assembleoptions like music,news,etcConsBluetooth connectivity has issues, you will get distorted sound as there is some kind of obstruction between the source and destination device for some timeI have observed that sound is locked on your TV when connected with HDMI, and if you try incre...READ MORE",4.0
"Super quality, super sound clearity, easy connectivity.  remote quality not good, good for bass lover.READ MORE",5.0
incredible sound and specially 3D sound. i used philips htl2163B/Blaupunk SBW120 but this one is killer all among them. best thing is if you are using HDMI ARC it gives you full HD surround sound even in SD chennal of your TV. if you are a bass lover than you will fell in love also all other beats are crystal clear. Best thing is super sound effect (near to dolby digital plus) in SD chennal with HDMI ARC. go for it without any thoughts. Design built also classy.READ MORE,5.0
"For a small room like 16'X9' the sound frequency and bass reaches perfectly alright.Quality of sound: 4/5 the tunes,triple,low-mids,vocals are fine were sub woofer balances the sound in a neat order, no worries about the sound Looks and design : it's neat all plastic and wood sub woofer looks fine.Connectivity: it has Bluetooth,Aux,Hdmi,USB, every thing works fine except BLUETOOTH!! Bluetooth connectivity has no range, it only connects the devices which are only in 1 Meter distance if ...READ MORE",3.0
Just loved it. Truly a perfect sound sound bar from boat with awesome sound clarity an bass and best in budget under 10k.  Thank you so much flipkart for yor super fast delivery.READ MORE,5.0
"if u want to buy soundbar and you have budget less than 10000,,,trust me guys please go for it...it has best sound, & bass as well as premium design...Thank to boAt for this wonderful product...Also thanks to flipkart for such great deal...READ MORE",5.0
"I got this boAt Avante 120w Bluetooth audio system @ 4499 in BBD sale. MRP is around 8999/- this is must have deal for the price almost half. Sound is Amazing at this price point. It has almost all important connectivity options and ground shaking bass woofer. Ofcourse this is not an audiophile product but for regular user and regular listening purpose nothing would closer to this boAt Avante 120 w sound bar.Guys, I already owned this magnificent sounding machine and now it's your turn to g...READ MORE",4.0
"One of the best products delivered by Flipkart. Don't even think once whole buying this product, it's an absolute value for money. The bass and clarity is too good, btw I got the same system for 4299rs in big billion days.  Totally happy with the services of Flipkart!READ MORE",5.0
"Buy this sound bar ....it's worth of money ...Hi am purchase boat 120 watts sound bar it's mind blowing purchase sound quality is very nice and bass is excellent like JBL Sony,f&d, better than this. .READ MORE",5.0
"good quality sound bar at this price rate. really has good bass. woofers work like charm. only thing is that while operating it with TV it should show at what level bass, treble and volume areREAD MORE",4.0
nice soundbar nice audio output I got 4999 best of the best soundbar in that price sigment dont see another product in that price sigment  go head boat avanteREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome soundbar... Thumping bass, clear vocals.          Nice design. Looks really premium. For the price of 5k you won't find any better sound bar with sub woofer than this. All the connectivity option working nicelyREAD MORE",5.0
It produces less loud and crystal clear sound.Each and every thumping of bass can be audible in less vooume also...Got it for 3600/- rs in big bilion day sale... Don't think much just go for it.The name Boat is enough to rely on.READ MORE,5.0
"sound bar and sub woofer are rich in sound clarity but the length of aux cable is not acceptable, length is similar to data cables. better to purchase a aux cable separately wich will suitable for your use,  and the same time the aux cable is not looks like a quality one. a little bit scratch in sub woofer but its ok.READ MORE",4.0
"Filling bass, crisp sound, pretty impressive mids and highs, good lows, useful remote, compact, cheap!READ MORE",5.0
its awesome sound quality I like this product. Bass is very pure and clear value for money go with this productREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound is excellent and Bass/Treble is superb...The connectivity is very good as it includes HDMI, Optic and Bluetooth also.the installation by service agent is very fast ...Overall very good experience..READ MORE",5.0
"Last month brought, it is really a good deal for this product.Sound and build quality is above my expectations. Bass, treble and clarity is really good and can enjoy the music and effects.Only I had problem in connecting HDMI ARC to TV,. Brought new cable and replaced multiple times still no luck. This time I had very bad experience with flipkart team including installation. Both were never turned up to resolve issues, they just tried escape from commitment and they escaped by giving some s...READ MORE",4.0
soundbar is very nice clear voice good bass but hdmi not work properlyREAD MORE,3.0
"It's amazing quality value for money in the range10k it's budget sound bar for middle class people connects easy bt or aux or HDMI, its better to give aux cable 1.5mREAD MORE",5.0
"Excellent product at 5999, got this at summer sale, clarity and bass is very good.  Nice product to have if you are music and movie freak.READ MORE",5.0
Great buy at the price point. Good clarity and bass effect. Multiple connectivity options help as well. I don't think there's a better option under 10k.READ MORE,5.0
wow superb nice looking good for me to get to theREAD MORE,5.0
"I am totally disappointed with the sound quality. You cant hear clear vocals as always bass dominates the whole sound experience. Being a bass dominated device, even the thump bass is not clear and catchy. Overall: Please go for any other brand which provides cristle clear vocals + good bass.READ MORE",2.0
"Its really very nice product, sound is very high quality which i expect and the desing almost good ,best feature is its connectivity they no need to connect cable Bluetooth connect easy with in 30 second. design of bar and its style amazing. I am very happy to say that the demo done fast and before the date give me for that .The remote is not god quality thats only the minor defect its seems like local remote. The two pin only in these no earth connectivity given. And the volume  key function...READ MORE",5.0
"Sound quality is good, bass is above average, but isn't heart thumping. For a small room it's the best option, but for big living room it isn't a good choice. Overall it's a good product and wireless connectivity is awesome.READ MORE",3.0
"boat aavadte bar 120 w is best option. at this price. sound quality is good, delivery services good by flilkart on time in good condition. But installation services very disappointed. Installer came one day late by given date and time , for installation after many call to him,he  spent only 10 minutes at my home, he is in hurry, he isn't HDMI Arc, optical and other cable for demonstration, he commits came with HDMI, optical,cable  again but yet not came, so I am not satisfied given  installat...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product in this price range. I am realy happy with this product performance. No noice distortion. Build quality also very nice. Volume range also very high. ARC remains to check. Rest all ok. If i pluged in the headphone jack if the the system is get off then i couldn't able to hear sound on TV until i unplugged the headphone jack. Plz any one help me to sort out this issue.READ MORE,4.0
"Quality of the product is superb. As usual great product from boat. Pure bass and crisp sound. Only reason for giving 3 stars is for the Jeeves technician, who has come for installation was purely unprofessional and over smart. Doesn't know how to fit the product properly.READ MORE",3.0
I purchased this at Rs. 4950/- after getting discount. I am very much happy with happy with the product. Sound out put is very good but at high volume sound clarity goes down. So this product is good for medium volume. Product suitable for a 12*16 Feet hall. Overall experience is good.READ MORE,4.0
Supar Super Super Bass And Clear Sound And Awesome Performance Nice Soundbar Just Go For ItREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is now best in market in affordable sound. I m confused between sony d40 and boat avante and take risk  to buy boat avante after watching videos from youtube. But today i m very impressed by the bass and sound of boat . It is way better than sony d40.it also have bass and treble control.READ MORE,5.0
It was nice experience.* I got this Rs-4999 only 120W* Good bass level.* Sound quality superb.* Value for money.* little bit voice struck while connecting DTH set top box. * Fastly bluetooth connection. I think under 10k best soundbar. Overall superb. Vera level nanba.  9/10READ MORE,5.0
It's  just an awesome product . delivery  was on time . Thnx to boat for this wondrous product. The sound quality is far better than other home theatre's.  highly recommended ..👍🏻highly recommended product . Huge congratulations to boat for making such a nice products .READ MORE,5.0
"Have been using boat earphones and wanted to try the Aavante bar. As expected, a bass beast at this price range. Sound quality is also great as well. Great deal from Flipkart at a reasonable price. Will surely buy more Boat products in future..READ MORE",5.0
"The installation was not properly done by representative of Jeeves .A trainee person was sent .He was not able to connect Blue thooth with my  sony bravia android tv .Si pairing was not done. Even the jeeves person had know ledge of optical cable and its slot on sound bar .The bluethooth pairing is still not done .Though flipkart service is excellent ,the installation job is spoiling Flipkart image .I am not happy about the installation .Pl.note .READ MORE",4.0
"This is my first soundbar, the product is awesome compare than any other brand like - sony , mi , etc. The bass is suberb, sound is awesome , especially recommended for bass lover. I purchase this at 4499rs with bank discount during sale.  I rated this speaker.Best soundbar at this price.Bass - 5/5Sound - 5/5Clarity- 5/5READ MORE",5.0
"Best soundbar in this price range. Bass is very punchy. Vocals are great. Treble is decent. Premium look and finish. Products looks big but it is very light in weight. Perfect for room size upto 20 by 20. Watching movies and listening to music feels like we are in a theater. You can feel sound vibrations. You can control bass, treble. Also there are modes for news, music, movies, 3D. 60 w sub woofer is good too. If yout budget is under 10k, Go for this one.READ MORE",5.0
"Bluetooth connectivity issue with my sony tv..Mobile Bluetooth connectivity is good..Else sound is excellent..Bass & Treble is superb and we have option increase and decrease... I have one more device that's is Boat Rugby..Very compact & good sound, good battery backup, Bluetooth connectivity is superb with my Sony TV...READ MORE",4.0
"This product does not work well with Mi LED Smart TV 4A Pro 108 cm (43). I tried using HDMI ARC port, it was disconnecting simultaneously and once you restart it does not connect. Need to remove the HDMI cable from TV and connect again this need to be done only if you are using D2H connection through HDMI Port(I hope most of the users does the same). Also i had selected the soundbar as the primary output but it was getting connected after 20-30 seconds once the TV is turned on but the D2H con...READ MORE",3.0
Very Good product Osm Bass experience superb design and built good price also goodREAD MORE,5.0
Real loud and clear but don't expect the best sound quality. It's average at best but is completely worth the money you pay forREAD MORE,5.0
Great experience... Thank you flipkart... Thank you boAt... awesome sound quality... perfect bass... 🥰😍🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
"BOAT Aavante Bar 2000 is definitely a nice product in it's price range.The product was delivered on time and the installation for on the same day which was very fast.The sound quality is superb and the bass was beyond my expectation. It comes with wireless Bluetooth sub woofer and the quality of the woofer is very nice.Overall it's value for money what you pay.Any one planning to buy can wait till Flipkart big billion sale so that you can grab this product with in 6,500/-.READ MORE",5.0
"This is my first sound bar in  boat.Happy with this.My son's enjoyed very much.Daily verithanam songs played.Bass Good and decent sound bar Great clarity@ four source ( BT,Aux,HDMI arc, optical)all is Well with connection.value for the money.But only the issue is In pendrive mode when we see movie HDMI arc not supported MP4 format in music.that time we can connect BT or optical.Easy set up.my 4 years old son using ( connecting ) Hearing music from my mobile to boat.really...READ MORE",5.0
It's one of the reputed soundbar with nicely designed and built quality is good. The sound quality is simply marvelous. While wall mounted soundbar tends to inclined due to gravity. By providing inbuilt pad will make the soundbar sits perfectly on the wall. Hope the company will react to this so that their products stands competitive among many brands. Thanks to Flipkart for promoting boat products.READ MORE,4.0
this is an excellent speaker in this rate I am really satisfied with this superb sound quality superb design go for it .READ MORE,5.0
"1) Have modes like 3D, Movie, News which give additional effects through remote.2) As per observation there are more than 6 surround sonds in the bar.3) Woofer gives additional volume to bass.4) Soundbar alone is very powerful with 40 volume.5) I got it for 4999 which is best in this range.6) There are more connectvity options. Installation is free and in detail Demo also given7) Design is premium and looks very compact and stylish.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome music system... I have so many products from boat like headphone ear phones etc all are good..... I got this system under 7500 love it..... I love boat keep it up guys....... We are with you.....READ MORE,5.0
one more good product of boat... i cant affordable of bose.. but this gives me that feel. and very low price. thank u flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
I bought @5999 as it is a good purchase at this range it is awesome feel like theatre for small room.READ MORE,5.0
Super Bass very nice home theatre in 4300/- very comfortable sound quality too goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Boat Boat Boat a best class product Excellent, Crystal clear sound bass very good sound is good, Especially Jeeves Installation is so professional and the person from Jeeves ""MOHAMMED KHALID"" he was so polite and nice person he explained and given product demo very well loved it, looking forward to see more professional techy like him!READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome very good speaker bass is full tight and treble also good .over all pretty good speaker.superb clear sound no noise is there I love so much boat speaker,no doubt go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Product is good. It looks nice. My MI TV doesn't support HDMI cable. I connected through Bluetooth. Sound is clear and got cinematic experience. My  hall is big. sound is enough But  I am not feel so loud like 160 W. Initial impression is satisfactory.READ MORE,4.0
"One of best sound bar available in the market at very competitive price. I got this during Big Billion Days at 4499 with discount. Thanks to Flipkart for delivering on promised date and also Jeeves for demo. Close your eyes and go for it. I am writing this review after using for two days. Initially I was bit concerned about the quality of sound and Base effect, but now I am able to feel and realize the sound effect. The effect is similar to what you feel in Theaters. Most important, better bu...READ MORE",5.0
"righting this review after one month of use.i must say ,.am impressed.i got this at rs-8899, but you can find this product at around 6500 in tTata Cliq and 7500 in amazon...Not cool flipkart.PROS - ALL TYPE OF CONNECTIVITY OPTIONS            - SOLID BUILD QUALITY           -IMMERSIVE SURROUND SOUND,Especially for watching sports.               -DISTINCTIVE SELECTION IN REMOTE AVAILABLE FOR MOVIE, MUSIC,NEWS,AND  3D( I guess that's for sports) and the selection greatly enhances your TV w...READ MORE",3.0
after seeing good reviews of this soundbar I ordered and guess what I am amazed for what this soundbar delievers pure sound quality wt extreme bass I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Have been using this sound bar for more than a week now and here are my consideration about this one.--Cons- Lacks in sound clarity, could have been better.- Treable and Bass is also not that effective.- Remote quality is not up to the mark.- Size of the SW unit is too big.- Simple dual digit 7 segment led display which only shows the input mode it is connected to, could have been a better display.- In my opinion other simple 2.1 speakers From FnD perform way better than this one and t...READ MORE",3.0
"Bass is very good  I love itSound is also ok but not 60watt  it is equal to 40w speakerBut for the price "" Bought for 4999 "" It's more then enough  bass bass bass voice clearity it so detailWithout woofer you can't hear a single beat of bass with only soundbar     Sound bar only for voice not for bassI am happy with this productREAD MORE",5.0
Sound quality is good but sound is not laud 160w. Sound like 100w. Price and sound didn't match in this price.READ MORE,3.0
"First thing..I got 120W 1550 Bar for 5300 in sale and after using it for 20 days , I feel that's the best deal anyone can get. Sound clarity using HDMI ARC is awesome. Bass and sound clarity when we connect through Bluetooth is also fine. I am using it with a MI 43 inches Ultra HD TV.Only con I noticed is when you turn off the TV and switch it on again , the bar is taking a bit long to get connected(rarely).READ MORE",4.0
Good product for this price. As usual BASS is too high in boAt. Worth for this price.Pros:1) Best for this price with most connectivity covered2) Best budget for Bass lover* Don't expect JBL level real thump in Bass. Its like Boom level. But awesome for this price.3)Look wise good4)Nice (wifi) connection between Bar and WooferCons:1)Aux not working with my MI TV.2)HDMI automatically changed to Bluetooth sometimes.3)Bass is too high and not clear4)Voice is not clear even if we use...READ MORE,4.0
"Got it for rs.5500 -120 w. (Without bank offer) Installation done on time . Thanks to flip kart and Jeeves.  Bass sound is awesome. Cons: vocal sound is not good . Ive connected this to MI tv , couldn't hear the vocal sound loud and clear.Overall best to buy in this price to enjoy home theatre.READ MORE",4.0
This is the best soundbar with best subwoofer which I prefer to buy. It's 40 watt subwoofer produce deep bass with clarity. It's 40 watt soundbar produceLow sound but it's quite good with the combination of subwoofer.READ MORE,5.0
"Highly recommend. . GuysDesign wise super, bass too good nd i heard battery back up bad. But i used it it's  very good ... Nd under this prize segment it a better option... I means to say it paisa basool Product... I really enjoy it..🤘💯🔥🔥🔥😊😎READ MORE",4.0
"GREAT SOUND BAR AT 4999/-, worst installation person amd processAt this price this product is all amazing...Sound is deepBass is goodLoudness is upto 35points above 25 in a 12*12 room it gets uncomfortableBluetooth range is 12 - 15 feetSubwoofer is with a cable,(2 metres) not wireless!!Remote is responsiveBUT MY GOD I GOT THE DUMBEST INSTALLATION GUYHE NEARLY DROPPED IN 2 TIMES AND FIT THE SOUNDBAR AT A SLANT AFTER I TOLD HIM THAT IT IS TILTEDTHERE R 2 SMALL SPONGE PADS PRO...READ MORE",4.0
"Good soundbar from boats, I got it for 4k, at this price it is good, good design.But iam facing few issuesThe bluetooth ranges is lessIt frequently getting switched off when pressing other buttons quickly like volume buttons etcNo smartphone app availableREAD MORE",3.0
good ... speaker..... ... i loved it...for  a budget buy .....this is ok about in 5000 to 7000 range.... perfect finishingperfect design and uniquenice outputperfect audiobut i prefer .... little more bass( am a bass lover)its okky overallnice productREAD MORE,4.0
"Enjoy a lot with this sound bar, conctivity excellent via bluetooth, HDMI arc also... I am contacting to my samsung 43inch TV via HDMI arc , specially 3D option getting good quality sound.  Don't consider battary backup reviews before purchasing because there is no battary in this sound bar. Thanks for seller by sending good quality product.READ MORE",5.0
"Guys If u want to purchase bass soundbar under 10000 rs this one is only  great deal. Ekdam mast treble, 3 d cinemetic sound, crystal clear sound he guys, bass bhi mast he.. Isase best koi nhii.. So dont more think.. Only purchase this boat avante 120 watt soundbarREAD MORE",4.0
"Product build quality is good.You will feel premium quality at a budget price.I have been using since 1 week.Based on use, Sharing my experience.Product build quality is excellent.You will get HDMI ARC port here That gives excellent connectivity. Plz check ur tv, whether it gives HDMI ARC connectivity. Else rest other Aux., Bluetooth, Optical port connectivity options are there.Product gives nice sound , and excellent bass. Here you will get the features of four sounds mode Music, Cine...READ MORE",2.0
"This is a beast for any home entertainment. Sound output and proper remote control of various aspects(bass,treble)is excellent.Bass is amazing in this price range,no distortion of any kind even in full volume. Bluetooth connectivity is superb and instant.Looks terrific in every corner of your house,but wall mount is recommended. Not a full surround sound but it never promised that.I got it at around 4.5k,so wait till prices drop and grab it. It will not disappoint you in any way.Thanks to F...READ MORE",5.0
I bought it for 4299/- and this is the bestest price for any soundbar with a subwoofer whether it was a 80w output .it is just enough for a big hall and small parties at home. perfectly blend in home design is is sleek peek finished and service of flipkart and boat is preety gud. I got the demo on the same day of delivery or i can say after some hours only. I liked the product u can definately go through it.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound and bass everything good.vocals and tremble great , you won't  find any other  in this price (I got for 4599 in offer) . I purchased 120 W but to be honest without considering for the  price I got it , I don't feel like sound is 120W more likely 80-90W so you are planning to buy go for 160W  . For a small room 10x10 it will be good but for large size rooms it's not enough. So if you happen to see this in one sale go for 160w instead 120w.. And listen music in NEWS mode cuz for some reas...READ MORE",4.0
"Worth for money. Bass 🔥 loved alot conectevity is low fr BT the range is less. That one thing makes lit sad. All over the sound ,bass, is Awsome  For bass lovers in budget it's ❣️👌.🌀.READ MORE",4.0
"Superb very clear sound quality, bought only for 3900 rs for offer price, works perfectly,  delivery before expected date as usual flipkart best practices,  thank u for awesome productREAD MORE",5.0
I love this product....base is very good ....cheap and best product.......buyers I'm saying that this very good in that price ...don't go for more exceptences........but overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
No alternative choice if you have budget of 10000...I got it on big billion days Rs 7500 ....bass is beyond imagination.. sound is also crisp and clear... bass lover will enjoy it...READ MORE,5.0
"fully satisfied with the services from Flipcart, which includes, on time (fast) delivery of the ordered product & installation of the same. The product is very good one, for those who loves to experience the real thrill of music.READ MORE",5.0
"Worth buying..We bought it for 4499/- the sound quality and bass are too good for regular use, connecting it with tv or for partying.. Bluetooth connectivity is less good..but overall happyREAD MORE",5.0
"Worth buying..We bought it for 4499/- the sound quality and bass are too good for regular use, connecting it with tv or for partying.. Bluetooth connectivity is less good..but overall happyREAD MORE",5.0
This product is very good perfect sounds and Bass is powerful beats and delivery boy is good response .. And this product  life wait and watch ..READ MORE,4.0
"It's a good product for a small room size. Though you may get higher volume but it is not.a amazing product. For the amount you spend , I feel it is value for me.It's not outstanding but  it's good for a smaller  roomREAD MORE",4.0
Its been around 20 days I have brought this soundbar. Which is really Osm. Perfect sound with perfect bass. Thanks to Boat & Flipkart for such a nice product at feasible price.READ MORE,4.0
"I have bought in offer period in 4999 and 10%extra discount. It has very crisp sound clarity and high base. The delivery is made before timeline. So I am quite happy with Flipkart service as usual.More details are below :Pros:Crisp soundNice buildHigh bass, can be controlled using micVery good for house party.Bluetooth connectivity is 10 mRemote controlCons:Only Aux cable in the box, a HDMI cable is mustBass is too high sometimes, little tuning requiredStereo sound quality is mi...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome buy.. great bass .. clear sound. Loved it...READ MORE,5.0
"Wow , just awsome nice and pure bassREAD MORE",5.0
Very good product and good design.....I like it this product xpecial sound quality is amazing... thank you boatREAD MORE,5.0
I think Boat Aavante best sound baar bz it's soun quality brilliant and clear sound I buy it's rs 4899.00 in big days sale through Flipkart thanks Flipkart and boat I love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Boat Aavante 2000 soundbar delivers 160W RMS output and it did impress us with loud output. For both video and audio, the soundbar delivers excellent clarity while the subwoofer adds a good amount of bass. ... For bass-heavy dance music, you can set the bass to level 3 or select a different pre-set from the remote.READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing sound bar, perfect for a bass lover,  sound and bass is awesome, it's much better as you expect, and most important thing it is an Indian brand🇮🇳 ❤READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is nice but not soo much good but bass is veey good quality... Under 10000 is best quality product.. Installation process too lateREAD MORE,4.0
"Not the Best certainly not the worst. Only bass . Suitable for 10x10 Room. BT, Aux works fine easy connectivity . In between mid range  soundbarREAD MORE",3.0
One of best home theatre in this price crystal clear sound and decent bass I got 4999 in Flipkart big billion days normal days price is 7999 I got 3000 discount thank u Flipkart you are  awesome I love Flipkart service since 4 years I purchased 120000 rs  valued products all are original products once again Thank u Flipkart and Ekart teamREAD MORE,4.0
This is great budget sound bar. For a small size home it can provide with great quality of sound experience. Adequate base and trable quality. The sound quality is very soothing to ears. If you have under 6k budget definitely recommend.READ MORE,4.0
"Trust me, im that kind of person who goes with the reviews nd buys a product. Did the same with this one as well. Believe me, it blew my mind. Such a worthy product at this price range for a music freak like me. Don't hesitate, go with this 🤘READ MORE",5.0
"I have purchased boAt Aavante 1200 80w soundbar and it is really nice. Sound bar has crystal clear sound and it is sufficient for home entertainment. Bass is very good, i got this for rs 4299 and it worth the every single penny. If someone is looking for budget soundbar with good sound quality then this soundbar is the best option for them overall great deal under 4.5k. And last but not the list thanks to flipkart for faster delivery......READ MORE",4.0
Excellent build and bass. Sound is good. Bass is still much that we can enjoy even at  minus 5 level. Good for high bass loversREAD MORE,4.0
"This is an amazing product. Very loud and crystal clear sound quality. It gives you feel of theatre especially woth dolby sound. It also have different sound modes like Cinema, 3D, Music etc. Quality is worth of the brand. M very much happy with the purchase. Thanks flipkart for making this available in very less amount of money.😊READ MORE",5.0
The sound bar is awesome 👌👌 and sound quality is very good and aggressive bass I love it so much and thanks flipkart for fast service and delivery boys are also good manner and behaviour and also supporting.READ MORE,5.0
Superb product i m impressed and bass is also superb i m happy with this product this 80w is enough for 12*12 Room.READ MORE,5.0
Actually the installation service point didn't come my home he just ask send home system photo and bill copy but  I never mind because this covid-19 situation.... Come to the sound system First I choose creative stage because I love creative as well boat so read both reviews and specifications all both are so good but boat have Lot of Positive Bass effect l love Bass so I choose boat Trust me I don't know how would be creative stage but this one Bass fabulous l promise you I never explain b...READ MORE,5.0
The sound quality of the Boat Aavante Sound bar 1550 is up to mark. I am able to get the benefit of special price. I got it for Rs. 4999. 120 watts at price of Rs .5000 is a good deal.READ MORE,5.0
Super productJust awesome I purchased for 5000 in big saving days super product thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
This is a really good product and worth every penny if you buy it under 5k. The sound of the product is not crystal clear and there is a lot of noise which is clearly heard when you keep the volume high and doesn't play anything. If you are looking something in this range then go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Wonderful soundbar from boAt i loved it. This soundbar easily connected to my mi tv 4a through the Hdmi ARC Which cable was i got with my Tata sky hd box and its working very good sound quality of this soundbar is simply superb specially the Bass its bass is really nice. Thanks Flipkart for giving me this Zabardasst product Thank you.READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent product 👍, better than sony basic home theatre. My best purchase in flipkart.Plz go for it guys, u will rockz sure...READ MORE",5.0
Super cool power pack sound 10/10sound clearty - Best in sound bass- best in soundsflipcart service - bestREAD MORE,5.0
I got this product in good price of INR.4500... Good deal .... Sound quality was awesome and build quality was awesome ... Pairing with bluetooth was easy and simple.... Boat brand was extremely Good.. you trust it and buy the product.....READ MORE,5.0
"I have purchased 120 W model in 4499. It delivered timely by Flipkart. First, installation was scheduled after two days of delivery. but installation process was rescheduled by Jeeves and it get installed after 3 days of delivery. Product was good with super sound quality and bass. I have tried connectivity options Bluetooth, Aux and USB. It perform smoothly. Fit and finish of the product is perfect. It was perfect for this price point. Just Go for IT!!READ MORE",5.0
Product is as fabulous as expected.... Worth buying it... Boat is the best option for sounds in this budget.... Loved it...!!!READ MORE,5.0
"Very powerful, quality product from Boat. For music lovers 😍. If your budget is lower then JBL u can try it  . Very impressive I love it after use.looking premium. The sound quality is also premium like Sony .READ MORE",5.0
Good buid quality. excellent bass and sound for high beat music. bt if you love to hear soulful or slow music then its sound is not so crisp. may be i am. playing too old song of kishore kumar!!READ MORE,4.0
"Sleek and sexy design with premium quality material out of the box.Super easy to install.Great sound quality..Distinct sharp and deep sounds with nice highs and lows.For a room upto 200-225sqm, 120W is totally sufficient. Having a blast in the room is doable thing. Easy remote controls.. Smooth bluetooth connectivity.. 3D effect feature available for surround sound works distinctively well. Free AUX cable, but NO HDMI cable. I wish it came along too. All in all, absolute value for mo...READ MORE",5.0
"I am so happy with the Sound bar, best choice. pros: 1. Sound is loud and crystal clear2. Design3. Bass is awesome it's feels like theoretical.and( Flipkart service is good and installation done with in one day)Cons:1. Packaging was very bad it's look like damage piece but inside the packing items was safe.2. Remote quality was very bad, I got broken remote( remote quality need to be improved)Overall it's good choice. I am happy with this product.Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
I buy this one on offer 5000 so tq so much to flipkrt i love this product and must buy product and i love the brand boat such a wonderful brandREAD MORE,5.0
Really mind blowing pretty good sound excellent awesome thaanks  Flipkart I'm purchased  4800/only Super bass out standing really my Room shakingREAD MORE,5.0
"Day 1 review. Best product I have brought recently. All features 5 star, good build quality, bass, treble at a very reasonsable price tag. Bought the 80w one. Better than any other popular brands.  Happy to have a Made in India product. Flipkart delivery the best as always. BoAt packing was good, no extra packing from flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Super sound wonderful quality and nice base and awesome 🤩🤩🤩🤩😝READ MORE,5.0
"Beast without distortion...Vocals are clear, mid bass is strong, low frequencies are deep..Overall balanced product with a premium black finish...Not Better than sony or jbl.that i have but money wise its awesome..😎😎READ MORE",5.0
It is simply awesome the boss is excellent u can go through for buy this product. boat always better to buy low cost high quality.... I bought for 6000 this product.READ MORE,5.0
It's superb .Sound quality is awesome and best in this price range.i am highly recommends .I purchased 120w and it's enough for a party .thanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass is Awesome.Treble is not much better , but good .Sound quality nice but in Bluetooth and Aux cable both wise I connected , Aux is better than Bluetooth.HDMI and optical cable is working fine, hdmi is better than optical "" But sometimes automatically off when using and also usb playing has some huge noise problem sometimes.""READ MORE",3.0
"One of the best soundbar in this section.It is far better than JBL, sony , philips , creative soundbar of 160watt range . Even you can take 120w boat Avante model which is also a music monster.Pros:-1. Best thumping Bass2. Sound clarity is crystal clear , you can hear every single bit of music3. More than enough for a big hall 400 sq. Ft. For party and all 4. Bluetooth connectivity is too fast5. Packaging is best I must sayCons:-1. Price drop section disappointed me a lot. After 7...READ MORE",5.0
"I already had a boat rockers 400 headphone which was amazing and also I was impressed by the reviews of this 120 watt soundbar. So I expected a little more. What I felt is, bass is good but vocals are not crystal clear as I expected, anyway not disappointed because I got it for just 4499 on great Indian sale with 10% HDFC bank offerAlso one more thing, Flipkart delivery was so quick, 3 days before expected delivery and packaging was really nice, Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",4.0
"boAt Aavante Bar 1150 120 W Bluetooth Soundbar gives u thumping bass n perfect balance of sound,Its good for bass lovers,go without second thought i bought in june 2020 at Rs 4500/- and its a very good deal,Thanks Flipkart for the awesome dealREAD MORE",4.0
Perfect for base lovers and sound is also clear and crisp awesome design best deal in this price definitely go for itREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound and actual clearity received from speakers. I like   this product. Price of product is good for best product sale.READ MORE,5.0
Who likes the bass its perfect product for them.. good quality sound n deep bass. Really its an amazing sound bar. 🙂READ MORE,4.0
"I alrdy used boat head phones beliving on that performance brought boat Avante sound bars my belief was right, it was superb product . Within 10k price range I can prefer this was the best oneREAD MORE",5.0
Ok for it value of 4500 . Sound quality is good . It more bass friendly . Good for small room  over all 4 stars. Not grate as JBL lg or sony better than blupunkit and meryQ.  i have seen all the above mentioned brands . summary is it is good in its price of bellow 5000.READ MORE,4.0
"Product quality is Very Nice.I compared it with JBL Infinity, and Found boAt Aavante Bar is far better in Quality, Sound Quality and Looks as well.If you Love to listen good Music, Go to boAt.READ MORE",5.0
Good product. Connection with Bluetooth is a concern. Does not connect using WiFi. Once connected with sub via Bluetooth and tv via HDMI all works fine but Google Assistant has stopped working on my Smart TV. If I disconnect from the audio system the assistant works. Do and Don’ts in the user manual insufficient. User manual very basic. Not much info given in term of self troubleshooting or set up.I am unable to get the sound bar to work while watching Amazon Prime.While using Netflix you n...READ MORE,4.0
Writing this review after 3 days of use.Bought avante baar 2000 during unlock 1.0.Its just what I was looking for.Absouletly The best in this range.The bass is too jumpy.voice clarity undoubfully crystal clear with no distortion even in full volume.Total worthy buying this beast. Will surely recommend others to buy too.READ MORE,5.0
"Best soundbar in this price range, go for it without any second thought. Aux cable included in the box, but never felt like using it as the Bluetooth connectivity is just outstanding and the sound out put is without any lag.READ MORE",5.0
"Best product for bass lovers ,still need to improve in sound quality ,but in this budget u cant get better than this ,its awesome indeedREAD MORE",4.0
Awesome Product.SPEECHLESS I am giving my review after using it for months. Sound is clear like Cristal with decent BASS. OUTPUT is loud and heavy. GO FOR ITREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound.... At this price... Awesome sound clarity with good Bass...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product.. really liked it.  One major advantage is the bass clarity..  it will not distort at high sound like other subwoofers.  Bought at 7800.. could have saved atleast 1000 if bought during offer... Cons..  The installation was horrible and the guy came was not aware of even how to open the box.   wall mounting was not done. He didnt had a clue about HDMI ARC. Horrible.READ MORE,4.0
Value for money ! Very nice for home use ! Awesome bass and treble options ..my kid can't stop dancing ..specially Hollywood movies with blue ray feels like watching in theatres !!! RecommendedREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best product in budget price. I always research a lot and buy electronics products. This was the best in compare with other products. I bought this one in 7100 during offer period. It's been 6 months still Rocking. I recommend to buy this 100% satisfy.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome home theaterVery good product everything is nice except Bluetooth, the range of Bluetooth itself to short. Some time it irritates by Bluetooth connectivity...Because of its Bluetooth low connectivity, I m returning this product. But I can't because of his policy .And advising all friends if you are buying it then don't install yourself, please go through the company installation services. If you install yourself then you can't return any product of Flipkart...READ MORE",5.0
Nice home theater for indoor. Very good bass. And clear  sound quality. Happy to purchased this sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
Good product I like sound clarity & Bass also awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality 👌🔥👌 I love boat 👌 best price range buy good quality soundsREAD MORE,5.0
It's an ok product Not much impressive If you are an audiophile you won't like the sound barSound clearity is good but not that loud Bass is goodREAD MORE,3.0
This is the awesome soundbar in this price range .Sound quality is very fantastic and bass is 🔥 (best).Perfect  soundbar and  very awesome product.The package is so cool  & not a  single damage on this product  .READ MORE,5.0
Mostly I like very soothing sound not loud.. and when I heard it's sound quality I just fallen in love with it in a second.. Sound quality is just 😘😘😘😘If anyone planning to buy soundbar then just close your eyes and go for it.. you won't feel that you could have got something better than it.READ MORE,5.0
An Amazing product in this price range. I am a music lover and very perticular about the music quality and I am very satisfied with the product.My home turned into a home theatre now.Thanks Boat you saved my money and thanks flipkart for delivering it on time.😊READ MORE,5.0
"Very nice product , compact and sleek , consume very little space and sound quality is epic , just little overprice , othervise perfectREAD MORE",4.0
This boat speaker sound and quality is really good and base is super amazing must buy this boat speaker worth the price.READ MORE,5.0
Great product... Nice for bass lovers... I'm loving it.. & also loving BoAt... ❤❤READ MORE,5.0
"Positive:Better than any other.Superb basssmooth sound qualityBest audio effect in Aux cableVolume: 50% volume is sufficient for Party House.Bass: 0 Bass has power to boom the place(Min -5, Max +5).Negative: no mic, need power, Boofer size is to big.Overall I found this product best as compared to other products. Go it for 5399. :)Bass: 10/10Volume: 10/10Connectivity: 8/10Design & Build: 9/10READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is very very Best 👌 and bass to I I'm impressed boat is great and price 👌 BestREAD MORE,5.0
"After using boat rockerz 255. I trusted the company and their products, boat aavante 1200 sound bar is awesome, the sound bar made with  quality fiber and the sound was amazing. Bass was cracking the head like professional sound system totally it was rocking.I purchased this in BBD for 4999/- so dont fear to buy this one.... Happily u go for itREAD MORE",5.0
best quality nice products SUPER sounds surrounding I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very very nice product good sound and bigg bass I love this product awesome thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Outstanding Performance Awesome Sound Quality and Super Fine Sleek Degine of The boAt avante 1500, 120 watt overall once Again 10/10 boAt and Flipkart Both Thanks Flipkart and boAt for this Product.READ MORE",5.0
"Good product,   clear and super sound  I'm happyREAD MORE",5.0
"realy good product,bass and sound clarity is outstanding i really love it,thank you flip kartREAD MORE",5.0
Product is good but installation is ok and demonstration 0 because demostration can't done at all. Bass is too good but sound quality via Aux is not good. Sound and connectivity via Bt is good. good product in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Awsome sounds like 20000 to 30000 Rs soundbar & there is output of soundbar is 160 as per mentioned specification but I think is about to 300w RMS output amazing nut sometiumes breaks connection with blutooth and aux.... Anyway soundbar is owsome... When u listen song on it u feels woow like multiplex theater experianceREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product everyone who likes to hang with normal range of sound can buy this and you will really enjoy the quality of this product, if ur looking for surrounded home speaker this may not be a right optionREAD MORE",3.0
Awesome purchase @Rs.5400 net. Parents loved it. crisp and clear sound. Loving it..READ MORE,5.0
"I got it 5999 in this Price I am fully satisfied .Sound quality is very good ,bass is good ,looks Wise also good before 4day deliver thank you for FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
very good build quality. go for it if you want to enhance you tv like a home theatre at low volumes. sound quality is top notch. bass Is like a professional home theatre. value for money...if  you want theatre like effects at low volumes.READ MORE,5.0
23/01/2020 first impression is best..  deep bass is excellent . ontime delivery and installation👌 Bluetooth connectivity👌👌👌   crisp and clear sound clarity👌👌👌👌👌  sound upto 16 is enough for 15*15 room.Didnt tried above 20.👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
boat is a great quality sound bar. I love it. thank to flipkart. One of the best sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
very powerful sound bar in price segment..sound is very clear i like bass its like cinema experienceREAD MORE,5.0
"---good design and finish,metal mash net on sound bar, wooden woofer.---Almost all connectivity.---160 RMS output, excellent sound in all aspects (vocal and bass), crystal clear sweet sound.---good bluetooth range.--- suitable for 20x20 feet hall.----very reasonable price.---no regrets for buying.---LOVE THE PERFORMANCE.it will make your small parties in next levelREAD MORE",5.0
* bass nice *good quality* good affect sound * good Bluetooth totally niceREAD MORE,4.0
hi guys receive but I want 2000 last week installed in my room the bluetooth connection is very easy also show connected with my TV through auxiliary because the HDMI a r c could not be connected successfully even trying with various HDMI cables but the sound quality is superb especially through Bluetooth it is mind blowing and room shaking base is terrific shake the whole window and the floor of the room hi guys sorry steamboat i want 2000 last week installed in my room the bluetooth connect...READ MORE,5.0
sound Quality is at best mode with great bass.don't read any other reviews you go for it without any hesitation in mind.design is best ..READ MORE,5.0
Really awesome sound even at low nodes ..Specially bass is powerful and sound clarity is crystal clearREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome speakers. nothing can be better than this. The hall should be pretty big for this speakers. so clear and the bass is awesome.  in small rooms it will be very loud.READ MORE,4.0
Amazing Sound.....m really enjoying this sound.... and the bass is perfect....too good product... i happy with this product.😊READ MORE,5.0
clear and crisp audio with good bass.Was playing songs on a open terrace party and it was all worth it.READ MORE,5.0
"Best in sound quality, very pleasant to buy for a music lovers.Don't compare with High end product because, in this price range we cannot expect more,the way what we are paying that is so satisfactory.The Bass performance was good, it is not too high or not too low.Blindly you can purchase this... trust me!Thanks to Boat company for such a nice productThanks to Flipkart for fast delivery.READ MORE",5.0
Best valu of money . just amazing sound and the bAss quality are rocking ❤️ love to by this product love @BOAT ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Worth the Price tag. Good quality Sound & Bass. Sony has better Bass but they are double the price.READ MORE,5.0
Super Bass. 👌👌👌👌 & Super Fast Delivery. 👌👌👌👌 & Thank You FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
according to my previous experiences of soundbars I really appreciate this one this one is really nice looking having great sound ID it it should contain at least a another speaker connector with it to make it a perfect one.READ MORE,5.0
"I am a kind of person who like bass effect and this product delivered what I expected, theater like ATMOSPHERE.I have connected to my Vu TV full time, the audio output quality while watching TV channels purely depends on the respective Channel broadcast quality.For best output use optical cable or HDMI ARC which your TV supports, I used Optical and the sound is mind blowing. First I thought of buying MarQ but settled with this since boAt headphones produce deep base who is one of the well ...READ MORE",5.0
it is a great product.. nice sound and . I liked it and installation was quick and good. it was free. cheers to Boat it never disappointed 😀. over all a great smooth productREAD MORE,5.0
great sound and dynamic bass.wonderful and stylish design. Good connectivity of subwoofer and bt...Thanks to flipkart for in good prices....READ MORE,5.0
A good product for a small living room. The accessories like wires and audio input/output cables can be of better quality. Overall its a decent buy in this money bracketREAD MORE,4.0
"very good and fantastic sound bar i never seen like this price 5999 awesome friends, bass is huge then room fill for 11X12 experience like a theatre I'm garanteed for this boat aavante go for itREAD MORE",5.0
"Well it's a good purchase in terms of cost, I paid 5,700/- for it during sale. Sound quality is good, bass is superb. If you looking for crystal clear sound with musical distinction, then spend some more bucks. Otherwise as boom box and for Party purpose, this is perfectly ok.READ MORE",4.0
Good product!!Pros: 1. Value for money bought it for 4500rs.2. Good Sound and Bass.3. Easy Connectivity.4. 80Watts of speaker which is amazing.5. Bluetooth connectivity is good.6. Good Delivery by flipkart infact intime delivery.Cons:1. Just one concern it would have been good if the volume no is displayed on speaker.READ MORE,5.0
superb audio system.cant expect more than this boat avante 1550..at this price 6.5k.feels like theatre system.over all best in the business.Thankyou Flipkart for delivering nice product at right time for me.READ MORE,5.0
"awesome for music lover....if anyone one wants more sound than go for 120w or 160w, otherwise everything is good sleek & compact designREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice product . Excellent bass and crystal clear sound. It is truly value for money. I am a fan of boAt productsREAD MORE,5.0
super quality I really happy this sound looking really rich look and and auto off  if TV off then 3min auto off and it's works in inviter I am fool happy this product I give to 5 out of 5 rate low quality highREAD MORE,5.0
excellent soundbar with superb sound quality. more than sufficient for you living room (15*25is the size of my living room). very Happy and satisfied with the product 😊READ MORE,5.0
"sound is too good , base is too good for small hall it's better choice quality and design is superREAD MORE",4.0
"Excellent product, great quality sound. Very happy with this purchase at so great price. 💎💎💎READ MORE",5.0
"Powerful Bass,Clear sound,Bluetooth works well : average outputHdmi arc cable works well but low outputBut aux cable totally powerful performerGo for it..... For bass lovers...READ MORE",4.0
Good product for given price range .Sound and bass is perfect for party lovers and movie maniacs .Awesome built .Easy connectivity by both Bluetooth as well auxREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound quality with superb Bass. Best within 6000 budget. Only cons. I have found it's bluetooth range, but can be ignored once you heard the sound quality..READ MORE",5.0
Nice sound quality and bass also best I'm fully satisfied this product Low price and best home theaterREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product the woofer is mind  blowing i just loved it........  they would have given  the USB cable as well  and the scanner sticker on the  sound bar or  WooferREAD MORE,4.0
Written Review of product After 2 month Use.Best product Ever. Beat top most product of top brands.I purchased flipkart in diwali offer Rs 3499.Mind blowing .You can purchase without any doubts.User friendly various connecting option.Not any cons.READ MORE,5.0
amazing product.. with nice sound quality.. thank flip kart for this best productREAD MORE,5.0
This is really best in this range . i reviewed many views but the honest review is loudness in not high but quality is sweet . i main prblm is no coustomer support from boat. Otherwise lets see after 1 yearREAD MORE,5.0
"first of all thanks flipkart for delivering this product and for the free installation , the sound of the music system is good in this price range and 120 watts output sound i have noticed it as a bit trebly but is ok ie sounds get bit trebly in higher volumes and voices won't be that clear and talking about the woofer it delivers a good amount of base , more over liked it value for money got it at a range of 4000READ MORE",4.0
One cannot find a better sound bar at this price point any where in the country. I bought this at around 5300 during a sale. An amazing product. Stylish design. just love it.READ MORE,5.0
super  and  smooth  Bass  I  like  it  thank u Flipkart  for  giving  wonderful  product .all  Bass  lovers   must  buy.........READ MORE,5.0
"i expect more. but it's good only. not perfect. bass is high. but, the voice sounds are low. it's good one for listen songs. when watching movie voice quality is okay only. most of them telling delivery is too late. but, i got this product in 2 days what they said. and installation also done soon. overall product is good to buy. but, I'm not sure it's worth it... thank you...READ MORE",3.0
Good bass at this price range... Must have product at home...  works good with Bluetooth as well.. got it for 6kREAD MORE,5.0
"It is one of the best purchase I have ever had. Lookwise, soundwise it is 10/10. It has four input type. I mostly use AUX and Bluetooth. Have connected to my LG Smart TV and it works fine. 4 types of modes r there (music, movie, news and 3D). Based on your requirement if you set the mode you will get the best output. Overally it is a MUST BUY for music lovers. Thanx Boat and Flipkart. Rating: 10/10READ MORE",5.0
the best soundbar in RS. 6500 the sound quality is awesome. the bass is very powerful .. overall sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"This is awesome product. Did not trust earlier, however after buying this product I am feeling best. will recommend for all who wants a beast sound bluster in a small pack.READ MORE",5.0
nice product super beat and clarity is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"I have been using this boAt Avante 2000 160 Watt Soundbar for couple of months. The sound output is very nice at this reasonable price. Got this product at offer price for 7499 INR. Even the price without any offers is not that much compared to other brands with same range of sound output. No need to spend much on other brands, go for it. I had bought this soundbar after a thorough research on the internet and visited shops to experience the sound output in real. Hence, completely satisfied w...READ MORE",5.0
"Nice look, easy to get connected, the best part is it has a really good and loud noise, the bass is very good and clear also the treble is clearly audible so overall a good experience having this soundbar, it is definitely worth the moneyREAD MORE",5.0
sound bar is excellent. subwoofer's deep bass is good but not  good for kick type bass.wireless conectivity some time not sync proper. finally in this price goodREAD MORE,4.0
"good with some drawbacks as fallow 1. bluetooth range is not great a maximum of 7 to 10 ft. 2. cant mount on was properly, since the pin from woofer to bar project's out of bar body which results in proper wall mounting of bar. 3. sometimes if u use volume increases button then it switch off or mute or jumps to next music. 4. if connected to tv via bluetooth then my samsung smart tv starts buffering, if its disconnected from tv then tv works properly without buffering.READ MORE",3.0
One of the best sound bar in average price I'm so happy to buy this product such a nice sound quality & sound bass is awesome.....READ MORE,5.0
boat-aavante-bar-2000-160-w-bluetooth-soundbar : - Sound is really awesome- Wireless subwoofer is perfect- Great sound effects . No other companies musical systems satisfy you like BOAT product.- Fantastic cinematic sound quality at a very reasonable price. - Power full bass and i'm Extremely satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
wow amazing sounds and so nice and best offerREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Sound quality and undoubtedly the best option in this price range. Frankly found the sound better than JBL at a much higher (20k price range). Go for it for an area of 150-200 Sq Ft. for Music and well as home theatre Movie ExperienceREAD MORE,5.0
"Boom box. what the bass, nice Sound, treble could be a little better, good connectivity, overall very good product, I got it in 6299. Go for it, If you are a bass lover u wouldn't regret.READ MORE",5.0
"I am writing this review after using it for almost three weeks. Before buying this product I hv gone through few other products & reviews in the same range. Boz I am not a tech savvy, I only understand basic features which can fulfill my requirements. Lastly decided to purchase this product with lot of doubts in mind.But believe me when I hv received it & started using it. I found it really usefull and given me much more what I have every expected . I hv observed tht lot other people hv s...READ MORE",5.0
"bass is very rich, volume is also lovingly loud and the sound quality it gives with the tuners is amazingly clear both type of songs can be enjoyed equally on this product either old songs or new or hollywood songs....very happy with this purchase ...or can say #paisa_wasool_product..READ MORE",5.0
superb sound quality with excellent bass. fantastic purchase in such an affordable price..full value of money ..READ MORE,5.0
"B.O.A.T= Bose.On.Affordable.Trim.                                                                                                                                Great sound,highly economical, Crisp N clear audio and The oomph factor here is the bass, it’s eXplosive and u better control it before your neighbours does. Great BOAT keep rocking us.READ MORE",4.0
"One word review, Superb. bass,build quality, design is awesome. Prefer HDMI cable for superior sound Quality. 4 star rating because of vocals are good but not Excellent. Bass lover definitely like this product.READ MORE",4.0
"Surround Sound is Good and Bass is so High so not for your small room if u play so disturbed hevay bass, please choose right place for ur bass speaker or control ur bass with remote then u get a perfect sound. Many user complaints but choose right place bass n speaker and good sound quality audio file to play then u get real awsome sound, sound and bass quality is super in this soundbar, but only one thing so I disappointed, the packing of this package is too badly and my sound grill was pres...READ MORE",4.0
excellent product... music is crystal clear... 90s songs feels like heaven at the vol 15... I ve connected it to a 43 inch LED tv in 13x12 room and it feels like movie theater... go for it...READ MORE,5.0
"The bass is very good, sound clarity is ok, design is great, i got it with 5k only , so i am happy with this price range. Its good for drawing room and bedroom purpose.READ MORE",4.0
"Bluetooth range is very low in soundbar. I think it just works only for 5 meters range. One more problem is with Bluetooth connection you can't control volume from source device.  Overall it's a decent soundbar with good bass for a 1000 sft house. If you want better one go for 160watt as it gives better features.Downgrading stars, due to issues seen during last 6 months usage.1. When you play a music playlist, the bar stops working when next song plays. Actually music plays in laptop/mo...READ MORE",2.0
Nice product mainly pure sound quality was awesome i loved it and thanks to boat company.READ MORE,5.0
its better sound bar in 5000range .bass is not too good sound quilty is awesome  .cristal clear voice .without installation you can switch on it from blutooth.easy to operateREAD MORE,5.0
Trust better than other foreign brands.. Like Sony or jbl in this price segment... And bass control is also available.. Good job boAtREAD MORE,4.0
It's a good device having a good quality of sound and affordable to buy 😁I prefer to buy this amazing gadget 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
Thanku flipkart And Thanku Jeeve...!!! Today my product installed Mr: (M00702) Timely installed and His explain All the furthers and VV excellent person Thanku so much Thanku again and again Jeeves 😍🙏 I'm so happy with ur technicianREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is awesome..but if you buy products like these,have patience,my soundbar was completely installed after 21 days from when i placed the order...i buyed this product during big billion days..Jeeves service was too bad..they were too late for installation..so buy this product but dont expect some early Installation and all...but Good work by boat...completely satisfied by The product..little disatisfied by flipkart because of delivery issues.READ MORE",4.0
nice sound quality nice built quality i like it bass is superb worth for money nice options output is super.READ MORE,5.0
"Absolutely stunning sound output from the speaker. Extraordinary bass , clear sound. Preset equalisers are also good. Overall highly satisfied with the product at such an amazing price of 4k.I recommend it for a medium sized room.READ MORE",5.0
"Best  sound quality & bass, its perfect for my small room. 3d sound is amazing......For this prize perfect option. I am fully satisfy......READ MORE",5.0
Like always.. I am a bass lover.. Love you boats.. Bought it for 6700 under diwali sale.. Cant get anything better than this ar this range.. Just close your eyes and press the order toggle..READ MORE,5.0
this price range absolute recommended     ....  spr bass best clarity sound best in the rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Not upto the mark but sound clarity is gud, but it's not sufficient for music lovers with bigger room it's sufficient fro one room 10*10, not go for this if you planning for tv, better to go with 120w or 160w.READ MORE",3.0
Very nice product. Sound quality is very good. The installation was also done very nicely. The installation guy is very nice and he has nicely done the installation as per our wish. Thanks a lot.READ MORE,5.0
"Sounds quality is too good in this range. easy to setup, u will fall in love after...over all a good experience with this. But if your room is large then go for more watts.READ MORE",5.0
"It's quite awesome to begin with. The sound quality is amazing, after all its boAt! Totally loved it. The design looks a bit modern as well. Overall good and solid product, go for it!READ MORE",5.0
"the boat home theater is so good and very nice sound and good looking nice sound,,, it's so good,,READ MORE",5.0
"The product is excellent ,and bass is very clear and deep , quality is good ,but the Flipkart taken 20 days to deliver the product , delivery at correct time is very very bad from FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
im writing this review after a month...awesome purchase on the big billion days.. got  it for 4800 .... sound clarity is so live and more clear... bluetooth is bit breaking otherwise it's a wonderful product. i recommend this for who's looking for the great sound and bass...don't think much  please go for it... thanks to flipkart... and delivery is also good.... demo was not statisfied could be more better.. please work on itREAD MORE,5.0
A very good product with good bass and ideal  product for home . So loud that can also make full house like a cinema hall . This was my first boat product  and up to the mark that's what I expected with it.READ MORE,3.0
"Thank you flipkart for the best offer, I got this in 5250/- only on BBD, Sound quality is good as u can enjoy any song in this speakers but beat or song with more vocals are awesome to listen. Bluetooth connectivity is excellent and easycomes with remote that is also good oneREAD MORE",5.0
"boat aavante 120w 1550 is excellent Bluetooth speaker. it gives crisp and loud sound with great beats  I recommend this to all who are looking for great music videos and movie experience with their mobile, pendrive, TV using HDMI arc and Bluetooth connectivity. very happy and paisa Vasool dealREAD MORE",5.0
Highly Recomended. I was fan of boat earphone I decided to buy boat sound bar believe me i trusted in boat and it's amazing what a sound quality deep bass crystal clear cracking sound quality. It's just wow  for bass lovers worth buying superb product. I just got it in INR 6749 during offer.. love you boat...READ MORE,5.0
Best quality bass is awesome like boom boom 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
"Nice product, sound quality is good with bass, connectivity is good over all worth to buyREAD MORE",5.0
"From the price point of view very nice product and sound. Bass is nice but sound quality drops over bluetooth. Great value for money. Must buy!Update after 1 month Usage-Bass is really nice, not top notch but best you can have at this price.Issue, Sometimes the woofer is not in sync with primary soundbar and I need to restart. Also sometimes woofer unpairs automatically.Besides that I am satisfied.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome👏✊👍 simply good i like the sound effects it's worth for money paking is goodREAD MORE,4.0
thank you flip card i love it boat is very very good sound and bass i love itREAD MORE,5.0
I bought a this product for just 4999/- only at Flipkart big billion saleupset with its dilivary delay by 3 day by is deliverey date and but although this product is very powerful and clear so it fullfill this thing 1. this has 35 volume level and if you have use it in your hall of length 15*15feet then it give very great experience at just volume 152.it has many mode like music movie 3d news for sound variation and most likely it has 60w woofer with ground shaking experience thx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Firstly must thank Flipkart for one day delivery. Second thing is amazing bass. Cristal clean sound in soundbar over all best ever speakers i had. thank you so much BOAT as well Flipkart 🤗READ MORE,5.0
"First of all thanks to Flipkart for the early delivery ,the delivery person was very good in behaviour.Product is too good ,but the installation guy from Jeeves was completely worst like he was untrained ,he was unable to connect this speaker with my TV 😑😑.He started telling me that you need to buy the home theater of the same company of my TV . atlast he was completely untrained .But after he has gone I tried it and finally it worked 😎😎. I think/ suggest Flipkart to train the installatio...READ MORE",4.0
sounds quality is good and sufficient for 15 by 15ft room.bass is just awesome.looks very nice when placed near tv properlyREAD MORE,4.0
I am satisfied with the sound and build quality.its amazing.But the seller and courier person hampered the package fully.The bar and woofer works fine.. I am satisfied with the sound quality.5 star for the boat soundbar but 1 star for packaging quality.the service engineer from Jeeves was amazing..he helped a lot and answered all the quires.READ MORE,5.0
"Well!! These days you would find ample no. of choices that can be made in soundbars, but if u are looking for  a budgetary soundbar with a ambient range for good capacity Hall room ...no better selection can be made in comparison to Boat Avante soundbar...the sound output is exhuberant....the treble and bass delivery is outstanding..I have been using aux cable for my very old led television ...and Bluetooth connectivity for my other telephonic devices....and have no connectivity issue...sound...READ MORE",5.0
sound quality is brilliant bass very good and value for money thank you so good and Flipkart thank you for gati..........READ MORE,5.0
just awesome soundbar from boat.i think this is the best soundbar in this price range. i got it in just 6500 in dmiwali sale. happy with the product.bass is good 3d surrounding is also good anyway perfect soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Sound and build up quality are very nice. Supereb... Go for it ....only thing I didn't like is for treble and base is only 5 points ..other wise it is superbREAD MORE,5.0
PROS*Over all sound is satisfactory for this price*Conectivy options are awsome for this price range*Bass and and it's range is really great. Even at high volume level bass definitions are stable. *Clarity and details of sound escpecialy vocals and high frequency is decent. it could have been better. *Desing and build quality is great. *classy/premium look and feelCONS *Device got stuck while playing usb and using remote functionality *More like a closed sound. An open sarround soun...READ MORE,4.0
good product overall got it in 4300 in billion sale. design and build is good and sound is great as well. Had to buy extra wire for sound output. Jeevs installation was late as technician didnt tirn up even after appointment. It took 3 weeks to get installed but it was ok. Delivery was fast. Should go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is good in this price range. i bought this is amazing price 4500 including all discounts. built quality is superb. bass is good enough and sound clearity is also perfect. good if you can get this within 6500.READ MORE,4.0
boat is allwess great bass to good 3d mode superb sound quality excellentREAD MORE,5.0
loved it...sound quality is too and the bass is superb and the amount I got this is greatREAD MORE,5.0
"pros:1. best for bass.2. greater build quality.3. boat warranty (don't need to go anywhere, home repairing)neutral:1. loudness is enough (not lower , not louder)2. sleek bar and subwoofer looks good.cons:0. no cons because boat is boAt ;):::::::this is my view..i loved this::::::READ MORE",5.0
"When I received the package, it was epic.   And what I did to ensure my warranty:--i waited not to unbox otherwise warranted would be void. -Technician will visit and inspect for product.-click pictures and sends it to assign departments for ensuring.    Now It’s time plug and play, shake the ground with this 120w power soundbar. Reduce the treble to -5, +5 to bass,if you love thumping bass. Overall good experience. Note:- optical fibre not included, purchase separately (it’s benefit =...READ MORE",5.0
"mind-blowing music with bass , super quality...if you are music lover then must buy this product....but in sale 😝 so you get more satisfaction !!!READ MORE",5.0
"Worth to buy Boat avante 120 w, Good bass sound, worth for Money, flipkart delivery is too late more than 10 days waited . and not delivered in given date.READ MORE",5.0
"sound quality is superb tried varying frequencies and tested with all sort of sound effects. perfect for home use, very happy with the product. best in price and quality.READ MORE",5.0
"overall a good purchase, i connected it with my TV, easy to handle with good sound. Delivery was very fast with next day installation service.READ MORE",4.0
"I purchased this for 5200INR. I was wondering I should buy it or not, but indeed it was proven best, value for money. I am pretty much satisfied by this product by BOAT and also Flipkart for on time delivery.I assure you won't regret.READ MORE",5.0
"Bass feel is less compare to my Boat Stone 200. I found better bass enrich in that tinny Bluetooth speaker.Facing issue with 3D sound option which is not stable when i turn it on. Tried enough to customer care but failed to receive required service from them.so it's on your luck if your device is working fine otherwise don't expect for any replacement, service or any other technical assistance from Boat. Pathetic Customer Service.READ MORE",5.0
Nice bass... Excellent sound quality at this price.. Good connectivity..quick delivery.. Thank u flipkart 😊READ MORE,5.0
Sound is good but missing the smoothness  like sony... only bass is good and don't expect more ... and no volume auto adjust function i seen ...you have to change  every time as per the songREAD MORE,4.0
Good product worth for mony Flipkart service is very very good very fast delivery fast installation service installation technician also very professional he will do very good job he name is shashi Kumar (J01453) thanks for Jeeves service & FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I just purchased in 4499/- in billion day. bass is awesome. clearity of sound is good. feel like in theatre. connectivity work properly. I used this soundbar with Mi TV using bt connectivity and it's works good. over all value for money product. I am using this from last 10 day's.READ MORE,5.0
Good sound bar. deep Bass and Cristal clear treble. volume range up to 35. But I am satisfied with the volume level of 10. Worth buying.READ MORE,5.0
awesome sound chest thumping bass vocal is clear good product connectivity is simple n easy jabardast hai boat aavanteREAD MORE,5.0
Good product value for money  good sound and bass and built quality all so good and good service instillation and demoREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sounds quality smooth and very very great boat and thank you Flipkart 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
it was classy one and the sound clarity was too good and bass effect also good and 3d audio quality is superb over-all I recommend this one and I buyed this product in th BBD at the price of 4300 buck's. But installation guy was unprofessional and they don't know anything worst installation ever I sawREAD MORE,5.0
Good product go for it really good I got this product 4750/ nice deal thank you Flipkart  n courier services is very good n people also respectful n helpful m lot of happy on Flipkart b m waiting for next sale thanks a lot must buy this product plz m requesting all go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"awsm sound quality, Christal clear sound, those bass lovers I  extremely recommend ths sound system... Connectivity suite's well and very user friendly. over all I can say 4/5 my rating.. I just bought ths sound system yesterday in big billion day offer. 5500/-READ MORE",5.0
Awesome speakers by Boat. Excellent voice clarity with a good bass. Total value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Built quality is great. Sound is crisp and have good bass. Brought the speakers on big billion days for 3700 rs. The packaging was simple And good.Thanks flipkart and delivery boys for the fast delivery. At this price range its a best buy just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
"Got this in just 4275 and it's amazing in sound quality,  if you are a bass lover then you definitely go with this and I must say you buy this in this price range. I really like it and sound quality is awesome.READ MORE",5.0
Woh what a Surprise Sound Quality of this boAt speakers. actually I didn't expected so excellent Sound Quality in this price point. every one should buy this. This Sound Quality like Bose Speakers.Thank you Flipkart and boAt faster delivered to me to VisakhapatnamREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money, best in the market in this price range. Superb sound quality, the design and build is so nice. 5 stars for the product quality.0 Star for Flipkart services. Been following the team on each and every stage of order processing.. order delivery delayed by 3 Working days. And 0 ratings for Flipkart customer support executives. So called customer support executives, but they never used to be supportive.Then know only , yes we understand your concern, we are sorry, don't worry,...READ MORE",3.0
"My friends told me to choose between JBL, Sony or any other well known brands. but I decided to buy it after reading so many good reviews on filpkart. After opening of the packaging first I was very impressed by the design and build quality of the soundbar. After that I switched ON and connect with my phone and Coonnectivity was very fine. What I tell about sound quality..it is very good or I must say excellent sound quality at this price range. In my Final words I must say If anyone looking ...READ MORE",5.0
Great... clear sound and good bass. fast connectivity.. overall exceptional deal at this price.READ MORE,5.0
"Received Boat soundbar on 1st of October, installation was done today by Jaavas engineer ( quite slow service, was following for last 2days). Now coming to sound bar, it is a very good soundbar at price range of Rs.4000-6000. Yes, bass is quite high, you need to adjust it by remote. There are 4 modes as news,music, movie & 3D. I personally tested all & found 3D option as one of the best. Till now no issues. When connected to TV sound become less ( you need to increase sounbar or tv volume ) b...READ MORE",4.0
Sound : 4.5/5Bass   : 5/5Functions : 4/5Quality : 4.5/5Sound output via Bluetooth : No Lag noticed yetAux : A bit similar to BluetoothHDMI Arc with DD : Excellent for 10×12 room for theater like experience Best Function liked : 3D Sound output mode Didn't like : Audio levels too low at 15 too high near 30-35                     < 15 no use very less audio.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product.Got it for 4999 during the big billion days.At this price definitely way ahead of other brands.Bass is too good so is the build quality.Multiple connectivity options and hassle free connectivity.Midrange could be a little better but for this price it's fine.Definitely a worthy buy.READ MORE,5.0
"Best in class.. bass lovers will like this soundbar..got this in 6k a while ago, product is worth it..READ MORE",4.0
"The sound bar is really good in looking nd build quality and the connection are very easy to it but one thing which I think is missed out is Voice support from it, We didn't get to to know is Bluetooth is connected or not as I had many Bluetooth portable speakers nd home theatres with me in all then I have voice support. Please don't expect good bass in it so average bass only 2 star for bass Manny reviewers saying good bass but it's not also average in my opinion. Sound is good till 80percen...READ MORE",3.0
"I bought it on offer price RS.4999 Excellent Sound bar at this price, I connected my via Optical cable also I'm using my mobile Bluetooth to hear songs.. Awesome sound Quality.. One day Delivery and next day they done a free installation.. I loved it.. Thanks to FlipkartDon't think Just Buy It....READ MORE",5.0
"Good sound with good bass effects, very useful remote with detailed information and controls. Overall good product for the price.READ MORE",5.0
excellent product must go for it got it at 4999 in big billion days dont think twice just go for it trust me you wont regret very crisp and clear sound nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
"This thing is awesome. I didn't expect this much from boat. Sound clarity is outstanding. Great bass. Only con is that only an aux cable is provided for connecting from your TV which gives a reduced sound clarity. But connecting with bluetooth, it will perform more than we expect. Do not hesitate to buy it. I am soo glad that I couls buy it. Bought this for giving a gift to a friend. Now, I ordered another one for me :pREAD MORE",5.0
"Sound clarity is average. I needed more crisp and clear sound, but seeing the price at which it comes, I am satisfied. Bass is just awesome. Treble is satisfactory. Remote quality is cheap. Overall it's a very good soundbar. Very much value for money product. Totally recommended.READ MORE",5.0
Room shaking thunder like bass and best sound quality under this price.. best purchase ever thank you boAt for this amazing home theater system ♥️🥰READ MORE,5.0
got it 4 3799pros..superb sound quality high pitchbass is enough for small room..look wise awesome premiumcons.no optical hdmi input optionabove average bassno led display so  dnt knw volume levelsatisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
"2 month used after I sharing my rating 3.5/5.I hearing songs through Bluetooth and Optical Cable. it's awesome sound and amazing subwoofer punch. the  3D mode little increasing treble sound also ok for when I hearing songs.but, Movie part totally Im disappointed. i watching movies voice sound is low and background music is very high. dialog time I increasing volume and fight/background music time I reducing volume, so any time I'm using remote volum increasing and decreasing .I Suggest ...READ MORE",4.0
not satisfied with BASE effect and overall sound is good and no longer effect of Bass but comparing to others brand its good as price wise worthyREAD MORE,4.0
excellent sound very nice  sound bar is better with home theater choose sound bar good oneREAD MORE,5.0
i just loved the sound clearity as well as the punch in the bass ... i would prefer this to everyone ... this is value to your every penny u spend on it ... and buy it in a offer time u would get it below 10k which is the best buy for this product ... im very happy with this product ... loved it ...READ MORE,5.0
very nice value for money under 6k  i loved it very much ...simply close your eyes and go for it Good bassREAD MORE,5.0
well hdmi arc was not helpful and optical is not available in my tv. aux mking some sound. otherwise its goodREAD MORE,3.0
Sound Quality is very good but my led tv bluetooth is not pairing with it.....Don't know why???? Sound is awesome really happy with the quality......Hope Boat Company Will meet expectation to customer's Expectation.....READ MORE,5.0
very good sound baar as compared to othets at this range.. i had used f& d earlier .. no dought about boat its better then that. you may have problm connecting with TV as it has HDMI ARC as many tv has only HDMI.  I was enable to connect to my tv but i managed to connect it with aux with tv AV ibputREAD MORE,4.0
I never thought this type awesome experiences will get from BoAt.  I had used headphones that was also good experience but in home theater it's first. I am happy with this quality.  Thank you BoAt and thank you Flipkart for your great service.  From my side it's 5*****.  Just go for it.. ?READ MORE,5.0
AMAZING Sound quality and balanced bass & treble BT connectivity range good nice product in this range?READ MORE,5.0
A really great soundbar at an affordable price point. Using it with Samsung 55 inch 4k tv and sound is really great through hdmi cable.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome bass and Crystal clear sound. My whole family and friends love this sound bar.                              Highly recommending any buyer to buy this product.     I got this product at 5999/- only on sale.READ MORE,5.0
This soundbar has  amazing sound quality and excellent bass. bass lovers pls go and check this out. this is the best soundbar at this price.READ MORE,5.0
"maind  blowing, awsam  bass, suitable for big room, I am fix my Hall. good sounds, connectivity is awsam, work with my mi tv very good, Bluetooth, hdmi arc connectivity is very good, over roll good purchase, I bought this 5300.READ MORE",5.0
"good product with great bass and sound quality.  after using for one week I must say boAt has great future by providing awesome quality at reasonable price... beat JBL, Bose, Sony n other similar brands including Harman.... thanks to flipkart for delivery n installation..READ MORE",5.0
I Love U boat really good Bass good clarity really really God really good base really really really nice product product god bless you boat 120 watt soundbar god bless you god bless you both thank you my favourite Sound Bar boat really( awesome awesome awesome awesome vote Sound Bar please I request you please this is is your best bar best best Bass best clarity best connectivity best connectivity 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏👍👍👍👍👍👍☝👆👆👆🎵🎵🎵🎵😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊🔈🔈🔈🔈🔈🔈 I Love You  baet120withREAD MORE,5.0
Got it for 5400 with my 10% discount on SBI credit card. Sound bar is worth for the price. Bass is good & best sound come in 3D mode & movie mode. People who want surround sound & Dolby effect like me opt for 5.1 home theatre as this sound bar will not fulfilling your requirement.READ MORE,3.0
"(1) Simply excellent. Crystal clear sound, amazing bass, my living room filled with all the super quality sounds when I installed it with my smart LED TV. (2) Some points for improvement regarding accessories - ◆ HDMI(ARC) cable must be provided.◆The AUX cable length could be more.READ MORE",5.0
Regarding sound and bassIt could have been a bit betterI was willing to give 5 starsBut the guy who came for installation was not that good and did not have ample experience and knowledgeREAD MORE,4.0
"I used Onkyo & Yamaha highend music systems, I bought this just for a trail but this is fabulous good in under 10k range. Go for it blindly for low budget buyers this is the best choice.READ MORE",5.0
Bass treble are nice but vocals r not good as compare to Sony d40 home theatre little bit confused about its sound quality sound like an auto rikshaw sound system only bass and treble not vocal sound good for songs but not for moviesREAD MORE,3.0
"deep bass, good build quality, and Better sound quality. i love this sound bar. thanks flipcart to fast delivery.READ MORE",5.0
"I was very sceptical about this speaker..I thought a lot about the sound quality and bass level before buying.. But it's been one month now..I can say one of my best buy's.The best bar speaker in the price segment..checks all the features..even hemi arc the latest one..bass is very deep..sound clarity is very good..the high is pretty good..mid is perfect..lows are also quite commendablepros1.deep bass2.excellent sound quality3.checks all type of connectivity-hdmi(HDMI arc), aux, Bluetoot...READ MORE",5.0
Sound is awesome. Bass is very good. touph  to other top brands. Quality is very excellent compare to other top brands.READ MORE,5.0
Best in business The best one can get in the price range of 5kGreat build quality .. looks very premium .. good enough audio quality .. Bluetooth functions seamlessly Thanks Flipkart for the deal and on time deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome product and got in a very good price, certainly a boat original sound quality. amazing sound and overalls it's an must buy product. but flipkart needs to watch the transit process because the package was almost destroyed but the item was in good condition due to thermocol. anyways thanks for in time delivery and thumbs-up to boat AvanteREAD MORE",4.0
Amazing Sound And Build Quality . Got it at very good price in Flipkart Sale. You can not get better sound quality than this at this price. 3D sound is amazing . You get HDMI ARC which is not available in JBL and Samsung of < 10k range . So far working great. Must buy for LED tvs specially screen size more than 50 for theatre experience .READ MORE,5.0
I love u boat its the best sound bar ever . powerful bass awsm 3d effect . now my room like e movie theater . im very satisfied .READ MORE,5.0
Awesome..READ MORE,5.0
Product is good got it in 5400/-.READ MORE,5.0
"BASS BASS BASS BASS ,Next levelREAD MORE",5.0
its a very Talented BOAT MANIA .. ITS A hvy baas nd listening music on it is a great time to spent with it... Tnxx Boat nd Tnxx Flipkart .. this diwali cracked wid Boat ..... ??????? but where its battery i dont know plzz help me someone...!!READ MORE,5.0
I got it for 3500/-.  Best in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Feels like  hearing in a theater... brought @3999.. Value for money..READ MORE,5.0
Worthy Product......Build Quality was Awesome 👌👌 and Sound too.READ MORE,5.0
it's nice for living roomREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound effects . No ones companies musical systems satisfy you like BOAT product . I am die hart fan of boat prouductsREAD MORE,5.0
great sound... worth buy at 6300/-READ MORE,5.0
just one word to say the amazing sound quality (wow)excellent in this price bracket . previously i am using Philips 5.1 home theater  i was un satisfied  with subwoofer and sound quality  after i purchased the boat soundbar and subwoofer was amazing. i will give  5 out 5 stars for this product.READ MORE,5.0
I have never seen such a careless Nd rough handling of the product..the package is also not at all ok...Worst service by Flipkart...😡READ MORE,1.0
"Product is really Awsome,the Depth of bass is really good, although it's not that extreme loud but trust me its Enough,No distortion in sound,easy connectivity,no hefty wiring.Overall,a descent product go for it,better than Philips n Panasonic in this price rangeREAD MORE",5.0
it's good soundbar to match with TV and sound effect nice.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound is good,Baad is owesom, just 1thing I noticed .tribble is only 5 I couldn't see any changes after changing the number 1to5my Mercury 2.1 tribble much better.otherwise connectivity is good very easyI love it.go for itREAD MORE",4.0
"This is surely value for your money,Good looks, Sleek design, X pattern on both subwoofer and Soundbar which looks amazing in any place of the home.It comes with many features :Soundbar has led which shows different modes such as Bt : bluetooth, Au : Aux, Hd : Hdmi and others Remote has many functions such as Bass and Treble : Increase upto 5 and even decrease upto -5 which lets to you to put bass in negative.The maximum sound of soundbar is 35 but you cannot put above 25 as it r...READ MORE",5.0
perfect for large hall/room sizeREAD MORE,5.0
very good product for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic cinematic sound quality at a very reasonable price. Power full bass. Extremely satisfied. Simply go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Poor and very bad team came for installation. No covid 19 precaution only taking selfies name sake proof.READ MORE,1.0
"I got it RS. 3395 on BBD, Worthable product, kick and punch bass, what a performance, Superior Design, thanks flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
worth for money and I love the sound output. I suggest Boat to ever customer who loves musicREAD MORE,5.0
awesome in one wordREAD MORE,5.0
Go for it if you want home theatre like experience👍READ MORE,5.0
Product is awesome go for it @ any price. The only problem is filpkart is tie-up with Jeeve for installation and post delivery service and I truly tell u Jeeve is worst. Don't take additional extended warranty because the extended warranty is also with Jeeve.READ MORE,5.0
I HAVE NOTHING TO SAY AGAINST THIS BEAST. AFTER POWER ON IT AND PLAYING A RANDOM SONG (U KNOW U LIKE IT) I  WAS JUST STUNT  AND SHIVERED. JUST GO FOR IT BLINDLY AND EXPERIENCE.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
worst installation and demo staff. zero knowledge.READ MORE,1.0
"Customer support is very poor, Bluetooth connectivity breaks after 1 hour use, after repeatedly complaints about this, no support provided yet after 5 registered complaints.READ MORE",1.0
"Nice Soundbar,READ MORE",5.0
"very nice product bluetooth, aux connectivity is too good and I connected my TV to this unit & the experience is superb.i got this product in big billion sale @ 3799/-......than q FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
exillentREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
best for small room very thunder bass superb quality feels like cinimatic sound it suits my egate i9 projector very well...READ MORE,4.0
Best soundbar ...Nice bass..???READ MORE,5.0
super sound goodREAD MORE,4.0
Installation part most worst. Installation boy canot install the product. Product not Supported with Mi smart tvREAD MORE,1.0
It's just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
good sounds & bass 👍thanks filipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice for the price...6500 in bbREAD MORE,4.0
supereb product good bassREAD MORE,5.0
"product good, packing too bad, bar damaged some portion is there any option to get repaired the bar?READ MORE",1.0
"very satisfied product.  Bass is Superb. sound effect is very high., if you increase volume above 15 neighbors will object on this loudness. very high End quality.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent bass. Thundering effect.Amazing sound clarity.Superb looks. Bought for 8999.. Best value for money product. Very much happy for the purchase. Hope there won't be any problem in the future.READ MORE,5.0
very nice sound quality like it under 5400 rs. better then blaupukt sbw.01READ MORE,4.0
"Bass is the highlight. It feels cinematic experience. Volume max is 35 levels but at 15 itself it is loud due to the BASS. Bluetooth range for wireless subwoofer is not good, there is a lag when woofer is kept behind sofa. When pairing with phone also there is disturbance if there is any obstruction but it is not a problem. Bought it for 7000 which is worth the price. I have connected Aux cable since my old LED does not have HDMI Arc. Dont know whether it is due to that, the audio clarity in ...READ MORE",5.0
more than expected and heavy bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality...but not as compared with jbl.got it for 6200 during big billion days...at this price it worth buying.READ MORE,5.0
Superbbbbb...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound and bass....super quality... Dont think just go for it...But the Aux cable size is small and sub woofer size is very big bt it producing mind blowing bass....I love this product..i bought this price 4400/- 120W speakers..READ MORE,5.0
PRODUCT IS GOOD... QUALITY IS GOOD... BASS IS GOOD... SOUND IS SUPERRR GOOD.... ONLY PROBLEM IS YOU CANNOT KEEP POWER SOCKETS IN SAME BOARD IT IS CREATING PROBLEM FOR TV DUE TO SURGE CREATED BY SOUND... LET C HOW IT WORKS FOR MONTH... WILL UPDATE THE REVIEW...READ MORE,4.0
"Amazing Sound Bar,I loved this product,Sound quality is very clear,Bass is awesome...build quality very good.READ MORE",5.0
sound quality superb & amazing bass no sound disortion on maximum volume. It's good for house partyREAD MORE,5.0
best sound qualitybolby sound are very goodREAD MORE,5.0
after 1 month it's stopped working no proper customer response made a mistake opting boatREAD MORE,1.0
great sound i bought this in only 3450READ MORE,5.0
unable to connect to TV through HDMI cableREAD MORE,2.0
"don't' buy this products they used to send faulty products or it might be not durable, i have faced it so telling you my experience. but still it's very cheap to others so peoples are buying it rest your luck. 👍READ MORE",1.0
Very good sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome.. Great sound quality.. Got it in 4999READ MORE,5.0
very good soundbar...clear bass and clear troble..amzing product...READ MORE,5.0
Guyzzz a must ... must... must .... buy product. BOAT... Blasting Sound Quality....Overwheming perfomance....Adorable looks....Terrific price.READ MORE,5.0
waste of money total waste very bad sound qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"awesome sounds, awesome bass shake my room, build quality good, quick connect with Bluetooth, very happy with, but i don't know ordered 1550 model but delivered 1580 model. I purchased 4899/READ MORE",5.0
poor bluetooth connectivity... automatically gets disconnected after 15-20 minutes...READ MORE,2.0
sound quality is very good and bas is awsome ???... thanks for flipkart because this product is fast delivery in expected date...READ MORE,5.0
This is a good product now I am full enjoying with music thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
product is best in its price range. I bought it for rs.7400. connected to tv and alexa . sound fills your room. happy with its performance. thanks to flipkart.                             only thing disappointed was its installation. a company by name jeeves kept on rescheduling the installation finally one day some one called me. guy was talking so rude and acted as if like I was wasting his precious time. this guy did a very bad job. fitted the speaker one side of tv and not to the center. ...READ MORE,5.0
Worst installation. Very disappointed. I have Sony and Phillips both home theatre. Boat sound bar as same as Sony. But the installation is worst ever I got. 8/10 for sound bar and 0/10 for installationREAD MORE,3.0
Speaker is very good but company installation is very badREAD MORE,1.0
no doubt this soundbar is very good but the bass is more than sufficient which sometimes feels odd but of we reduced bass to -5 then it will be fineREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality is best in this price segment. Bass is powerful. U will never regret for this purchase. Size is perfectly matching with 43 inch size TV.READ MORE,4.0
best speaker in this price bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
No one came for the installation...And when you tried connecting with HDMI Arc its not working......READ MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
BEST PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
bigger... louder.... clear....overall aswm product.....but nd to be a little price cut.....around rs 6000....it will be the best of all soundbars of its range...READ MORE,4.0
I returned avante 1550 120 w sound bar.But you replaced me avante 1500 120 wAnd sound is not good as compare with 1550...Subwoofer  is too poor..And in my order section it says the product model is 1550.READ MORE,1.0
product seal was openedREAD MORE,1.0
"Sound quality is very good.I thought to fix it to wall. you can't mount it to wall because of Aux, pendrive and molding to wall  all are in back side.READ MORE",4.0
"connectivity issues and not recommended, Bar design also not looks goodREAD MORE",1.0
Excellent product at best price I got at 4999/-.Thank you Flipkart for amazing Deal.Awesome quality product.READ MORE,5.0
its a good economical sound bar.the only thing which is missing is movie dialogue clarity.READ MORE,4.0
powerful base and all but lacks clear vocal quality while watching movie .READ MORE,4.0
bass is awesome 3d sound great ????READ MORE,5.0
nice audio and build quality. must buyREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
while connecting with Bluetooth sound is very good but connecting with TV experience is very worst..READ MORE,1.0
"4K Video Me Song, Movie, Video, Etc... Suneme Clear Nahi He , Other Wise Good QualityREAD MORE",4.0
Bought it for 5400 .. Excellent product...READ MORE,5.0
My dream come true watching TV with sound bar. Boat sound bar superb quality thank you flipkart for this awesome product promotionREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Avantee 2000 will meet all ur expectations got it in sale in 6200/- A PREMIUM product and EXCELLENT SOUNDWORTH every single pennyREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing bass  & sound design super connectivity all  nice . Thanks for Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
It's been used for 3 weekWith this price range the sound quality and bass is amazingSome times pairing issues and that can be sorted out as per the manual processThe real test will be after 6 months how it behaveOverall I really liked it design quality and priceREAD MORE,1.0
don't buy this product. it's a fraud. defected product sent and didn't not replace it. my 10k has gone in waste. Flipkart is also involved in this fraudulent activities. NGREAD MORE,1.0
"Excellent Soundbar, I got it in Rs. 4499 120 w unbelievable price, Superb Bass, and Sound...... Must buy...READ MORE",5.0
Good for BassREAD MORE,5.0
Good..bt I have receive 1580 sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Got it at the price of 4.5k worth buyREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity has some problemREAD MORE,1.0
"Performance is osm,but there is a problem in aux connectivity an unwanted sound is coming from bar.......READ MORE",4.0
Good Product👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
iam buying 2 products one is working perfectly.... other one is stopping ofter one week not working sound bar suddenly stopped service and installation is very..... very ......very ....bad...i advice please change the  service ......READ MORE,2.0
looking good but many problems in this product (i.e bt connection & sound quality) also the service of boat - not satisfies level.READ MORE,1.0
Bass is Very Good. Blue tooth connectivity is very poor even not working for 2 meters. Except blue tooth connectivity it is highly recommended for music lovers. Worth every penny. I bought it for Rs.4500 during festival sale. Blindly goaheadREAD MORE,5.0
remote was not working and could not exchange.READ MORE,1.0
hot product must buy guys its awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
I got this product just 4300 and the sound quality and bass is super .READ MORE,5.0
"Fabulous dangerous, don't think just go for itREAD MORE",4.0
Brought it for 4499 during BBD..More than satisfactory at that price.READ MORE,4.0
worthable oneREAD MORE,5.0
"satisfied the product, good bass,worth of moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Bluetooth sounds good. bat tv saund are not verry  hiREAD MORE,4.0
Really awesome product.... crystal clear soundsREAD MORE,5.0
I think this is the best sound bar in this price range 3d sound is awesome sound quality and volume really great.READ MORE,4.0
"Not at all happy.. planning to return..Reason - No audio output possible from my LG 32"" LED TV..Tried thru HDMI cable..No use.. Only way out is thru AUX port,  which is again not available.. So much inflexible..not so user friendly...Not happy at alll..Lastly  - Playing Music thru bluetooth breaks a lot in between.. No consistency in playing musicREAD MORE",2.0
Nice .... I Bought it for 3899READ MORE,5.0
I got it for rs 4299 its sound quality is awesome.Design is also very good and bass is excellant.service engineer was very good and kind.overall it is a must buy in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Worth buying, Bass is good and sound quality at this price is appreciable. Must buy, no connectivity issues.READ MORE",5.0
Design 9/10Connectivity 6/10 very poorSound 9/10Bess 9/10Value for money 8/10Not posting image it’s look good Weigh is very less !!!READ MORE,5.0
good sound good BasssREAD MORE,5.0
bass is excellent but playing music time speaker not clear soundREAD MORE,2.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
its bad to say flipkart  my life is in that way i never thought about it... i have purchased tv from flipkart one month ago mi Android tv 43 inch its was good then in last week i have purchased boat sound system but seen is that afer there days there is small shock circuit is happened but i switch off the main button but after 2hr its was working fine but after  the day its happened again and i lost my mi tv with boat sound system in fire. so it was not my fault or my home electricity problem...READ MORE,1.0
Very Good buy in 6750 rs.READ MORE,5.0
"this has a so called wireless woofer. but there is a lag or mismatch between sound bar and woofer. if you  keep it little bit far, which is quite natural of buying a wireless subwoofer ...the lag gets increased.there is Bluetooth connectivity issue to the soundbars. it just works if you put the phone within 2 ft not more than that. poor products by boat I bought it second time, first time I tried with 120w and returned it and now I tried 160w. very disappointed.READ MORE",1.0
"no issue in sound barrier,but price dropped before product reaching me that was a bit bad thing being a Flipkart buyer from long time it hurted me a lotREAD MORE",1.0
very good product.. I have been using it for 2 months now.. excellent bass and voice quality.. I have only one issue while playing it via HDMI it makes noise.READ MORE,5.0
"I don't see much any difference with this. I was using sony 4.1 channel and that was too high in volume, but this one is only for bass not for the party sound. I can hear only the voice from the soundbar. I have a 55 Inches TV and the sound doesn't pair up with each other.READ MORE",1.0
sound bar does not get connect to the TV via HDMI where as in the product details it should be.. now technician is also saying the same thing. Then this product is not meeting my expectations if does not get connect to the TVREAD MORE,1.0
Quality product Sound is too good Nice choice if u willing to buyREAD MORE,5.0
Ofter one two days ..surround sound did not come ..bass alsoREAD MORE,2.0
Very late delivery by Flipkart.Nice build quality..Super bass.. audio quality average..READ MORE,4.0
no doubt it's a great choice for home entertainmentREAD MORE,5.0
it serves my purpose. I wanted enhanched bass with clear sound & it does the job. Got it 3800 at BBD. Bass is really good and no distortion under full volume. Only problem is that sometimes low tone is too low to be audible but it happens rarely...with one or two music....else every thing is fine rather more than fine...must go for it one more problem is that Bluetooth range is only 10-12 feet.READ MORE,5.0
Good quality budget speakers. bought it for 3419+ 200 coins. worthy. Disappointed with packing. On Bluetooth connection Music is loud and nice but when I connect Aux cable sound quality is really poor even it is lesser than tvREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice design and sound in this price range.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome Voice N Music bt Am Trouble Connect Tv to Soundbar through HDMI Cable...READ MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product...See connection details on photo.READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic soundbar.  its really made for bass lovers which can place anywhere because its wireless connections. really love it . thanks to boat & flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Earlier I am using Sony 5.1 home theatre since 2012 which was working very fine. But got damaged. So I have decided to buy a new one. I did search for 15days and then decided to buy a sound bar with Subwoofer instead 5.1 home theatre considering its convenience. So I ordered this Boat Avante 2000 bar. Delivery and installation done on time.Sound bar is quite good. No complaints on quality. But I am disappointed with sound quality specially in term of 3D sound option which is not providing su...READ MORE,3.0
Sound not clearREAD MORE,1.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Sound quality...🎶👌👌🤩READ MORE,5.0
"No need to use bass boosted songs for extra base. Uncomparable sound , simply swaggy base I experienced 9 sound bars and  finally decided to take this one in reasonable price. floor and mirrors are getting vibrated if I keep base at max level. Blindly go through it if u want a good sound bar.READ MORE",5.0
This sound system is purely for bass lover...its just wow...and very nice... strongly recommend for bass lover...sound qyality best...bass is also great...READ MORE,4.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Great product..I have bought 120 watt model.. it's amazing..just love it.. highly recommended if you are a real bass lover..but I have found a little issue in connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
Very Very good product from boat. Bass is perfect and doesn't vibrate even in full sound. Design and build quality is also perfect. Definitely no one can beat in same price segment in sound quality. But remember you wilI have to purchase the power supply source you will not get it in box. This is very upset and also  unhappy with the service. I didn't get installation spares and not get the installation and demo to clearify my doubts.READ MORE,5.0
Vera Level Bro!I searched a lot of products to settle on this one. Sound is awesome and love the beat.Price is less when compared to other brands. Must buy product.READ MORE,5.0
Good and best qualty Sound movie hall Best price love itREAD MORE,5.0
Got it for 3149 in big saving days. First i was not sure which model should take based on watt. Finally i have choosen 80w model due to low price.Believe me this model is enough for medium room. Value for money. Installation was good. Sound quality  is awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
THE BADASS SOUND BAR .. CLEARLY LOAD BASS MAINTAINING SOUND QUALITY SUPERBLY . ITS RATTLES THE WINDOW GLASSES.READ MORE,4.0
Bought this on 7th of August and Got t on 10th.Installation Done after 4 Days.It seems to be a Good Choice considering All the Sound Factors.Good Quality at this Price.READ MORE,5.0
Khatranak BASSSSSSSMazzza aa gya clear voice at full volume with full basssonly for bassss lovers boat aavante bar 2000READ MORE,5.0
Ausome Sound Bar....Loved It... But the Cons of this Sound bar is the sound just comes from Sound bar. The subwoofer only makes the base and other effects. But the vocals does not comes from the Sound bar. It means the Sound bar is of 60w. So the total vocal output of the whole is 60w. Otherwise the vocals are clear and rest is also very good. Ausome base is created by the sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass has to be kept at -5 for realistic audio. A little too much thump from the suboofer. Otherwise, it's all good. Surprisingly, the Bluetooth audio is louder and more clear than the optical & HDMI ARC connection. Also, the AUX connection has a continuous loud hissing noise in the background. All the time. Tried with different cables, same issue. Nothing major, but you should know.No idea about the durability and the longevity. I'll probably update in 6 months.READ MORE",3.0
I have bought 160w soundbar on Rs.6999 on sale. Bass is impressive like JBL. Sound is also very good. Bluetooth connectivity is also superb. Total value of my money.READ MORE,5.0
Low price and great music superb speaker and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product from boat.READ MORE,5.0
"After using this product for last 2 months am putting down the review. Overall the product is really very good. A ultimate value for money product. Looks premium and build quality is premium too. The reason why am giving 4 star is the sound quality. The sound quality is very nice, crispy with deep punchy bass. But the bass is way too deep that it actually overlaps the details a bit. Otherwise the bass is really head shaking.If you're a guy who loves to hear to all the details in a music, t...READ MORE",4.0
Super qualityBass goodRemote chenge Ac adaptor New modal Remote superREAD MORE,4.0
I got this speakers at 4500 they are the best speakers if u get them at 8000 than also take it they are the best speakers nd high bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Just wow*****For bass 5*Vocal      4*Clarity.    4.5*Overall     5* if this product lasts long I received 1580 instead of 1550, but both are same, only difference is front design A pattern,This product make For bass lovers,Boom shaking bass vocals lil bit down bt comfortable hearableREAD MORE",4.0
Awesome Product. I got it just in Rs 4.5k for 120watt. in this range the quality is superb. Thanks to flipkart.Only one thing is lagging this is Made in China product.READ MORE,5.0
"bought it for 4899rs+100supercoinssound quality is good..boAt soundbar is best for bass..looks premium design... boAt sounbar is best in this price range, go for itREAD MORE",5.0
"Aux is poor,, otherwise fantastic one,,,, next song is not playing during USB modeREAD MORE",5.0
I have purchased Boat Avante 1550 120W soundbar @ Rs.5500/- which is quite cheaper in comparison to to its quality.READ MORE,5.0
Plus points:Design is good. Multiple connection are good.Minus points:The product packaging was not sealed and goodBluetooth version is old 2.1. there is a small gap between connection every half-an-hour.Subwoofer weight is less it is unable to deliver deep bass. It cannot provide a strong bass tooThere is a lag or delay in audio when AUX is connected from DTH.Overall the product is over priced.Instead we can purchase tower speaker or 5.1 speakerREAD MORE,3.0
It doesn't have battery so not sure why Flipkart gave me an option to rate on basis of battery.. Fan of boat speak but few things to be pointed out here.Remote is not of good quality interms of built .. you need to do a hard press sometimes.Bluetooth connectivity is also an issue even wid paired devices it doesn't connect many tyms u need to do a reset and pair again.Over all i ll sau 3 on 5READ MORE,3.0
A good product is 10k budgetREAD MORE,5.0
osm product in this price range good connectivityand the product quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I was earlier using a 800W Sony 5.1 home theatre system for 10 years(currently priced above Rs 20000), so this 120W boat soundbar was actually a downgrade for me. But considering its price(I got for Rs 5399 after all discounts) I will say it's value for money product with good build quality.Bass is deep & good, Vocal sound quality is average, Bluetooth connectivity is poor, Songs through USB sound very good. HDMI arc did not support my new LG ultra HD TV so had to connect by optical cable....READ MORE",4.0
"After using it for 2 months.i would say this is a okay product. Sound is good, Bass is too good. Clarity is good.BUT a major drawback is connectivity between woofer and bar.as it is wireless it loses its connectivity very often. Everytime you have to restart woofer from main switch.Overall the product is okay at this price range.READ MORE",3.0
"Good,very nice product this price range(5999/-)READ MORE",4.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
It's a beast.. The best soundbar.. It will blow your mind.. U can't listen in full sound.. The neighbours will complain about you.. It's like your own DJ SYSTEM.READ MORE,5.0
prosgood bass and worth under 4kconsBluetooth connectivity is poor.no HDMI but fine for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"sound quality is absolutely awesome, but Bluetooth connectivity is poor , it's become disconnected out of 3-4 metre area.READ MORE",5.0
sound bar is most sufficient for for home.Thanks Fipcart.READ MORE,5.0
audio not clearREAD MORE,2.0
Superb Sound and bass. Its paisa vasool product. I loved it.READ MORE,5.0
excellent sound. 80w sound bar is just perfect to convert your hall into a theatreREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
"Really nice vol and bass,good price considering the productREAD MORE",4.0
"booming bass experience, bass is a overkill here. otherwise good so far.READ MORE",5.0
such an awesome product I have purchased.greatest quality in this range.i hv steal the offer.bass is superb.best deal.READ MORE,5.0
sound superb..nice product...my small doubt...where is battery?READ MORE,4.0
boat brand excellent product..I love it...READ MORE,5.0
bass was goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Man o Man! This is a beast. After going through all the reviews here and on YouTube and comparing it with all other available soundbar in this price range, finally bought it on BBD. And guess what? All the reviews here and on YouTube turned to be true. It's a beast in terms of sound that it produces and literally shakes my room with its monstrous bass. Ya that's true. It's a bass lover's heaven. Connected it with my Sony tv via aux cable. The sound bar is so long approximately 39 inches long ...READ MORE",5.0
superb soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not as per 120 watt speakers systemREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing product for the offered price. Good asthetics & sound quality. Gets connected to old CRT TV also. Great buy.READ MORE,5.0
"Hi,1st of all excellent product at this price range. Flipkart package not good, when it was came to me the package was broken,the delivery person told that it was for the rain. Overall the product is good. Go for it...READ MORE",5.0
Worth It 🔥sound quality and bass is awesome... Even at high volume it is fabulousREAD MORE,5.0
"Perfect Soundbar,Sound is too much clear,installation is poorREAD MORE",5.0
Superb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
Awsome product....READ MORE,5.0
best sound bass nice 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Sound is good but no Dolbydts for surround effectREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
The product is not working after a couple of week of buying. The support team mentioned that the board within the system is not functioning which caused the issue. It's been almost more than a month since we are trying to get a replacement. No positive response from the company as well.READ MORE,2.0
"treble and bass is good but too loud, should have more controlled equalizer function  . even after doing more edjustment midrange sound output not increasing comparing to bass and treble. . if you keep bass and treble to very low than also not able to get firm midrange voice quality output.  if any one want loud bass treble sound than its OK . but any want proper midrange also than don't purchaseREAD MORE",3.0
Waste product Subwoofer is not pairing. After a week wait installation done but subwoofer is not working. Better buy some cheap 2.1 speaker.READ MORE,1.0
Amazing Sound Value for the money. Good experienced.READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity problem.READ MORE,1.0
"Voice is not clearly heard. I think the basic Bluetooth speakers give better quality than this. After a month of use, the tweeter started cracking even though the bass/treble is set to -5READ MORE",1.0
Remote stopped working in 1week of usageREAD MORE,1.0
nice product i got for 5400 nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
"It was a good enough sound bar for the first 2 months and then woofer broke down, I filled a complaint with boat they said I need to talk to Flipkart as I bought the product from them so Flipkart would provide the after sale services. Then after a week of calls they sent a service man from a local company who came and checked the unit and reported that damage was manufacturing fault and not my Fault and said company would send him the spare part and once he receives it he would repair the uni...READ MORE",1.0
Using after 20 days decreasing two star because of connectivity problem with TV via HDMI cable...every time you switch on the the u have to set up manually to get sound in the bar.READ MORE,3.0
recieved the defective productREAD MORE,1.0
Sound not goodREAD MORE,1.0
i bought it for 5999 it was a really good sound bar but after 2 weeks it stoped working suddenly I dont know why it happened  so guys please think before choosing this. because  I had a worst experiance so bewareREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,1.0
it is very good value for money bluetooth speaker.Gonna do it buy then will never feel bad it's performance too good.🤗🤗🤗😍😍😍😍👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Amezing productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
sounds quality is awesome and base exclent but mi tv don't support arc by HDMI cableREAD MORE,4.0
sound and look simply super .price very gud 5500.packing is worst.READ MORE,5.0
"I got this 120w sound bar for 5999 on 21 may 2019....it's a value for money system, expecting a bit more bass from it but nevertheless it's on par for the price paid.go for it with closed eyesREAD MORE",5.0
good soundsREAD MORE,4.0
Writing this review after using the product for 2 days. Boat really rocks. This is my third product which i purchase from boat. Already i own a Bluetooth head phone and a Bluetooth speaker from boat. This made me to purchase a sound bar from boat with out comparing any other products. Thanks to boatREAD MORE,5.0
"not working properly via Bluetooth , HDMI , optical , aux .. the bar nd woofer does not match. it does not synchronize . need replacement but my return policy date is over at 10th oct ( i bought on 2oct  )READ MORE",1.0
Very very bad the installation team hasharssed me several time no one will help u if u buy this product and reshedule the date the kept me waiting for 1 mont and after tahat gave no service plss dont buy ths productREAD MORE,1.0
lowest qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Sound and Bass is absolutely fine. Great product . Battery is not there it only runs on power input..READ MORE,5.0
"It's the best soundbar in this segment, the bass and treble is fantastic and the build quality is excellent. 3D surround sound is amazing when ur watching movies. The sound is loud enough and does not distortREAD MORE",5.0
not useable for TV use.... its waste as per tv use... no sound quality from tv outputREAD MORE,2.0
"Got it the next day after order for 3999 on flipkart big saving day offer, installation was also done in promised time. About the product:1. Look is awesome2. Sound quality is upto mark3. Bluetooth range is also good4. Control of bass, treble on remote is smoothI can't play it on full volume because it can break the glass on window easily (Tried upto 90% volume and all start to vibrate), Overall it's a more than value for money product. Just go for itREAD MORE",5.0
two much bass but no voice clearity also dolby digital is missing ok ok sound barREAD MORE,2.0
"Happy with the purchase.The first piece I got was defective its Hdmi port was not functioning properly.After tech visit I got the piece replaced.Overall its worth for the price in terms of the sound quality ,bass and the design.About the negatives:1.Very low Bluetooth range.( Often interrupts even one walk across the  connection line).2.Sound clarity could have been much better.READ MORE",4.0
No battery backup for this...I got this 4131 in October sale.... Excellent sound and bass quality is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
I purchased for Rs 5399..worth buy..bass nd sound quality is very good..my friends purchased marq and Sony soundbar..out of three I felt boat is awesome in compare of price wise...READ MORE,5.0
Bass quality is good but volume is low.READ MORE,3.0
worst product ... service too badREAD MORE,1.0
sounds gud with powerful bass...READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound bar.... Really amazing, bass is very good enough to vibrate whole building.Clarity also good...But no battery, classy design...worth for money spentREAD MORE",5.0
"Can't believe a product by Boat in such a price, sound quality is superb, no comparison with any other brand good enough for impression as well as your dining hall.Go and Buy without any doubt this is my 1st review after a long time, cause the brand in this price can't exceptREAD MORE",5.0
purchase rs3419awsm                                                                                           sound quality is too good in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Conctivity problmREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Very bad sound clarity and no one respond on itREAD MORE,1.0
"In the beginning, the sound quality was fine, I loved the product.One fine day the WOOFER STOPPED WORKING and BOAT did not even care to address the complaint. They gave me a COMPLAINT ID and when I contacted customer care no one answered.Later I also got to know that the complaint ID is invalid. I'm almost out of warranty but no response from BOAT's end even now. Very Very Poor Customer Service. I'm Just soo disappointed with the company.READ MORE",1.0
Worst product don't buy sub woofer is not working..waste of money..READ MORE,1.0
If you are a bass lover than close your eyes and go for it . You will not be disappointed. It's my personal experienceREAD MORE,5.0
super ❤️ bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Still installation not completeREAD MORE,1.0
Everything good. But SONY output is always ultimate.READ MORE,4.0
Instalation of the product was very badREAD MORE,1.0
Best fr small functions tooREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad experience. Dont by this item.subwoofer is not connecting with soundbar wirelessly.too much bad.READ MORE,1.0
Thanks tou boat familyREAD MORE,5.0
I got a defective piece... The internal part of sub woofer is broken which makes a resound from the woofer. The product doesn't have policy to replace the product...READ MORE,2.0
Nobody came for installation till nowREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product. satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Sound is ok but woofer got damaged within 2 months of purchase.Poor warranty claiming service.READ MORE,1.0
Excellent product but getting low sounds on aux cableREAD MORE,5.0
base is good.. but voice quality could have been better. crisp sound is not there.READ MORE,4.0
"good but terible is more and voice is not clear.i already used jbl 110w,JBL  one is good, but boat is not meet the expectations.thank uREAD MORE",4.0
Superb item Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Superb😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,2.0
Nice one if it comes around 7k-8kREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good. Bass 9/10Mostly I use it with Bluetooth connectivity with no issue. Range of Bluetooth is also good.READ MORE,4.0
Connectivity issueREAD MORE,4.0
Ok but not a dolby soundREAD MORE,3.0
"Good quality ,but blutooth connectivity range only 10 feetREAD MORE",5.0
"Connectivity issue always, connected via hdmi cable to mi tv.Not recommended to buy this product, if you think to connect to mitv.READ MORE",2.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good Product...👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice product. Sound is crystal clear. Bass is heart thumping. Just that you need to keep the woofer on ground.READ MORE,4.0
Exalent.hi range product.good.good .Sound.bass .Everything.is gon.thanks for flipkart.myend blowing.this productREAD MORE,5.0
So nice product I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality and beautiful experience of soundREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Unbelievable product. I can't believe my own ears. I love this sound bar.  Thank you Flipkart and your installation team(jeeves). Specially thanks to BOAT.READ MORE,5.0
Mind blowing spekersREAD MORE,5.0
Pleasant sound.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds good but a irritating sound comes from woofer....READ MORE,3.0
It's awesome product bass is marbalousREAD MORE,4.0
V good product 🥰READ MORE,5.0
Bass good  Sound quality not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Bass is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Good product ❤️READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good product ❤️READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is not so good . Installtion person was very rude and do not know much about soundbar features . Installed soundbar unevenly and looking very oddREAD MORE,3.0
Ground shaking Bass 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩❤️❤️❤️ Really My Window's Mirror Got Shakes 😥 this Product Is not for Heart patient Because It Got Soo Much Shaking Bass😥😰READ MORE,5.0
Super ❤️ sound system and sound colity is awesome 👍this price is betterREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product I bought it 3999 .READ MORE,5.0
Super 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbbbREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is very, clearity is nice and bass is awesome, can't listen to full volume. Go for it 👍👍READ MORE",5.0
Bass blasterREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is good, services is very bad 😤😠READ MORE",5.0
Supper sounds system...  woofer size big...Sounds effect supperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Just average soundbar. Quality us just Okey.  Don't expect much from this sound bar.READ MORE,2.0
"Awesome product. Connected via HDMI to motorola Revou tv and tried other connection modes of AUX, Optical and Bluetooth, worked pretty awesome. Go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Got problem with Bluetooth connection few days after of installing .. spent alot of time with customer care people finally boat changed the PCB .. hopefully that resolves the problemREAD MORE,2.0
"Best in price range, on filpkarts big billions day I got It for 4890/-, I never used any sound system before , but this one got one hell of a sound and clarity, ground shaking bassREAD MORE",5.0
Using it for more than a year. And just wanted to say the 1 word. Awesome. U can blindly take this. Good for a medium size hall of 21*12.. realy liked it. Sound is really loud. Thanks BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar in this price segmentClear soundPowerfull bassExallent designThanku boat & FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is awesome..Bass is too good .READ MORE,5.0
Its a. Good product but after some time it starts making some  miscellaneous sound.. and  customer support is so bad i am trying from about 4 months but it is not repaired yetREAD MORE,1.0
Very poor soundREAD MORE,2.0
"Awesome quality you just go for it and there are no any battery in side this , i don't know why flipkart showing that the battery information.READ MORE",5.0
Sp bassREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing soundEarth shaking bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Great product...,READ MORE",5.0
Actually am -100 stars because.sub not working Bluetooth pair problem. and hdmi connectivity none.flipkart and boat also not help me.totally useless condition now.dont buy boat avantar.READ MORE,1.0
Super sound systemREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful feeling must buy thank you so much Flipkart & boat 👍❤️READ MORE,5.0
Fast delivery good service with installation sound bass superREAD MORE,4.0
5 stars good but technicion is a waste fellow he don't know how to fit.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome products Flipkart I got at 4100rs (80w)READ MORE,5.0
Amazing product & sound quality is very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I have ordered the product on 20th Jan and got delivered on 21st Jan in the morning .. And even insulation was done on the same day ..Awesome service awesome sound quality I got for 6999 .. Rate changes on a daily basis Buy it without thinking about itREAD MORE,5.0
this is  perfect for home sound quality is feel like u are in theater .READ MORE,5.0
Very good product.READ MORE,5.0
Subwoofer wire is so thin.Sound bar is awesome looking premium. If you have  5000rupee then u should buy it.I got 4899. I m very happy with boat Avante 1550.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
"Very satisfied with the sound quality, the best thing is that the adjustable features of bass and trebles in remote control, con: unable to connect my LG smart TV with Hdmi, initially they have exchanged it as it was defective but after receiving the other unit the same hdmi problem persist. Now I'm using with aux port for TV and Bluetooth from mobile.READ MORE",4.0
Verry very bad  productREAD MORE,1.0
Bad productsREAD MORE,1.0
Very Nice Product Must Buy👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Super sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Bass sound clarity ni disturb chestundi konchem improve cheste bagundu.READ MORE,4.0
Build quality- 8/10Bass - 9/10 Clearity- 6.5/10 ( too much bass at higher volume that suppress sound)So if you are a bass lover and you will only play it at it's 60-70% volume then this is perfectBut if you are a sound/pitch/clearity/vocals guy then this will disappoint youREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of money and timeI replaced the product two times but I suffer same problemMy subwoofer was dead in a weekREAD MORE,1.0
I ordered the 120w.The bass is way to much than i expected the treble is really addictive and the sound quality is really up there with the jbl i got it for the 4589/- and tht was a total steal for me i would really recommend any one with out any fear to get this sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Waste of money and timeI replaced the product two times but I suffer same problemMy subwoofer was dead in a weekREAD MORE,1.0
I ordered the 120w.The bass is way to much than i expected the treble is really addictive and the sound quality is really up there with the jbl i got it for the 4589/- and tht was a total steal for me i would really recommend any one with out any fear to get this sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality ok but sometimes connectivity of sub make little problemREAD MORE,3.0
"Poor sound bar ,😡😡plz don't buy..READ MORE",2.0
Good sound best superREAD MORE,5.0
Super bassBest in the priceREAD MORE,4.0
Bass bass bass ....very good sound  and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Product is very nice 🤩....but bluetooth connectivity is very bad 😩READ MORE,4.0
Bass super 10/10 vary good prodatREAD MORE,5.0
Boat sound bar is awesome👍 great sound🔊 bass was awesome but connectivity is pureREAD MORE,5.0
I got it rs 4500 in August sale. Sound quality bass quality everything is perfect. I gifted this to my father who is a music lover. He love this product very muchREAD MORE,5.0
VALUE FOR MONEY....SOUND QUALITY.....4.7/5BASS.....4.8/5CONNECTIVITY.....4.9/5I WAITED LONG FOR THIS SOUNDBAR.BEFORE BUYING THIS I WATCHED SO MANY REVIEW VIDEOS IN YOUTUBE OF DIFFERENT PRODUCTS.FINALLY I CHOSE THIS.I WAS NOT WRONG.I AM TOTALLY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT..THANKS TO FLIPKART & BOAT...READ MORE,5.0
Stupid design....back side pendrive & aux port available... Not possible to fix wallREAD MORE,1.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Over all best in price but bass is normal but in 4000 rs its perfect and boat aavante bar 1200 80W  is average but u want some more bass and quantity sound go for 120 wREAD MORE,4.0
Sound are very loud very clear ❤️ bass is very goodBass 10/10Design & build 10/10Connectivity 10/10 simply best sound bar 💯READ MORE,5.0
Less than woofer speaker gone no response from customer care no one is looking at the problem. Very worst product that i feel. Flipkart please take necessary action. Till now my product is not replaced or not repairedREAD MORE,1.0
It's facing blutooth connectivity issue after 2 months and no Support coming from any sideREAD MORE,1.0
Very good sound amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good bass and sound quality but in 3d mode light distortionREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound is insane all things are good,but there is only a display is missing which should boat must add but it's not necessary I m only giving suggestionREAD MORE",5.0
Fully quality voice love it.READ MORE,5.0
Sound Quality is best. If you are looking for bass then just go for it. But vocals are a bit low but almost unnoticeable.READ MORE,5.0
"Product is just superb, got in less than 3600. In  a 100 sqft room u will feel like u r sitting in Inox. Issue is with jeevs , their service is pathetic in this case. The person who was in charge tried to make my life hell over call. He is just *****. Better to install by yourself of you buy it.READ MORE",3.0
Very good bass and crystal clear soundJust awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Boat Avaante 120wat Super sound qualitySuperr basssCrystal clear sound♥️READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass 5 out of 5Good sound quality 4 out of 5READ MORE,5.0
Product is Awesome. but  installation service poorREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is always my favourite awesome sound system awesome base . Fabulous designREAD MORE,5.0
I got this @3999. Quality product at this price. Fully satisfied with this product. Boat for you thumbs ups.READ MORE,5.0
Best soundbar under 6000 I purchased 4000 sell boat very best others soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent quality of sound.very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Killer Bass... Highly recommended...go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Nice bassNice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Love it. Good one for small hall or rooms. Good output.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality and Bass are awesome...And fast delivery.... excellent packing...overall best soundar..READ MORE,5.0
"Its a awesome product within this price range.Amazing sound , a real gift for music lover.undoubtfully go for it.READ MORE",5.0
After 3 months i think the bass is increased or i don't know what happened bass and bass only. they mentioned ground Shaking bass itz true in my caseREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in this range value for money in 4000 rsREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product superb sound Quality base Quality is like a DJREAD MORE,5.0
Clear sound and thundering bassREAD MORE,4.0
"Product os even good,bass is ok while you using it ina single room at full bass and volume ,the small  objects in the room starts shaking....overall the product is good at this price compare with others..READ MORE",4.0
Love the product sound quality is awesome .READ MORE,4.0
Nice sound and I got it only 5499 thnx flipkart for a great dealREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product.... Value for money.... Must buy.... Perfect for music lovers..... Bass is excellent.....READ MORE,5.0
Wall Mount demo ojREAD MORE,5.0
Good😎READ MORE,4.0
Nice sound bars very good product nice havi bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good😎READ MORE,4.0
Nice sound bars very good product nice havi bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Super bar digital sound I'm happy happy happy happy happy happyREAD MORE,5.0
"One star less bcz volume not syncing when you connect via Bluetooth with Tv properly, otherwise Excellent sound i just love love. Purchased in 3199.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"An average product at the price point of 5000/- ( you may get it for 4,500/- depending on card offers) Was Not as good as expected by reading majority of reviews here on flipkart bought 120 kw model, used  it in a 300 sq feet at times sound was too slow at max volume, just an average product.Avoid buying for anything more than 5500/-READ MORE",3.0
So beautiful .. sounds and. Bess quality and .. delivery to good.. thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product... I brought it 5499 ...READ MORE,4.0
"Nice sound quality, with balanced mid and lows along with balanced set equalizer. Good product and value of moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Best under 4K category with F and D speakers. This one has more juice. Kindly note this is a Bluetooth speaker but with AC adapter. No battery back up thing is there. It solely runs on electricity.READ MORE,4.0
I will by on 6999 .good bas quality. Real natural sound. Good look..THANKS FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent and i think 80 wats sound enough only 12x12 room size ,and everything is goodREAD MORE",5.0
Bass dominated vocals.READ MORE,4.0
Got wrong product. I have booked 1550 model no. But got 1500 model no. But both are same . But it mistake by Flipkart.READ MORE,3.0
Amazing sound in this price range. Will update my review after few weeks of usage.READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound & hard bass...... awesome ❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Osm experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but no ac adapter in the boxREAD MORE,4.0
In low budget it is very good speaker I like it the sound quality is very nice thanks boat and Flipkart for this productREAD MORE,5.0
Bass lover go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Bought it for Rs 5499/- Long Term review:It turns out that It has the best audio experience. I started enjoying the goodness of this Advante Bar. I have used another 80W boat advante bar. But this 120W is far superior. Just at 15 volume it vibrates everyting in the room. You can't judge a product in just 5 days!READ MORE,5.0
Excellent Sound...I loved boAtREAD MORE,4.0
Every thing is best but Bluetooth range is only about 10 m it is so badREAD MORE,5.0
Bass and Clarity ...WowREAD MORE,5.0
Hi frnds.. Trust me.. Sound quality and product was awesome.. Installation person was so kind and they installed before d due date.. I purchased this product for my bestie birthday.. They delivered my product at a right time.. And the parcel was handover with full care there was no damage.. and packing also very nice.. 👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
nyc product but the way ofpackage is not good over all product is superREAD MORE,5.0
Must hi broDhansu soundJabardast....READ MORE,5.0
"Got at price of 4,400 so i am very much satisfied with sound, bass and everything. It's worth the priceREAD MORE",5.0
Best at this price❤️READ MORE,5.0
Free  installation and dem did not comeREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is good ..but i m not able to connect it useing hdmi or optical wire with my samsung 4k tv which has no bluetooth..Boat customer care numbers dont work atallso no use to me.. completely uselessREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
After using it for 5 months.. I am reviewing it.. sound quality is awesomeBut the bluetooth connectivity is really no upto the mark.. connection breaks a lot...READ MORE,5.0
I got it for 4799 only best in classREAD MORE,5.0
Better sound and best queality in this prise.. really i m setisfied with them 😊✌🏻READ MORE,4.0
Super bass and saundREAD MORE,4.0
Great product for music. Initially it will take a week's time for the sound to open up. Bass is too much.Dialogues not clear while watching movies.READ MORE,5.0
Bass is good but voice clarity is not satisfactoryREAD MORE,4.0
Bose masterREAD MORE,5.0
Powli sanam myr...Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It's to good...READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality is awesome but bluetooth connectivity is bit poorREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity very poorREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome bass... best for bass loversREAD MORE,5.0
I bought Aavante bar 2000 which is good for bass..sound from bar is normal But one thing I want to mention is about the connectionsFor me Aux only works fineI have faced with Optical and Bluetooth connection like lag issues or loss of communication from tv and barAnd wireless sub has sync issue with barREAD MORE,3.0
Sound issue audio and video not match use mobile  communication Bluetooth connection .READ MORE,3.0
"only bass. other than that nothing else.  when connected to tv some channels are with gud sound and some are not. even tv speaker is louder than this sound bar set, on some times.READ MORE",1.0
"Please don't fool people with great specifications and branding, FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"only bass. other than that nothing else.  when connected to tv some channels are with gud sound and some are not. even tv speaker is louder than this sound bar set, on some times.READ MORE",1.0
"Please don't fool people with great specifications and branding, FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
its awsomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound is not that much crystal clear, but bass is good...due to high bass sometimes vocal is not that much clear.... overall a good package according to price....READ MORE",4.0
No wordsREAD MORE,5.0
Very quality of bass and woofer. It gives me feel like theater.... too good must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Supab sound Quality.... In low cost ....excellent bass ... Awesome product.READ MORE,5.0
Nice got this for 5000 nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Ths sound bar s good fr USB only. If it connected with TV through 3.5 jack we can hear noise and more over Bluetooth totally wasteREAD MORE,1.0
It's Just Awesome.....If You want To Buy a Sound bar Then buy This one...READ MORE,5.0
Very Nice Product Boat 1580 Good And Sound bass I like this sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad sound quality ..READ MORE,1.0
Go for indian brand .. don't waste money on other brand.. Boat is awesome.. using from last 6 months ... And result is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity is bad. Bluetooth has a latencyREAD MORE,1.0
For bass lover and made feel like theaterREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome 5/5READ MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Great Deal , Got It Only For 6399 , Thanks Flipkart For the Deal.#Awasome Sound#Loud Bass#Clear SoundVery Much Happy With The PurchaseREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome...👍👍👍 ProsGood build qualityGood vocalDeep bassGood looking👎👎👎 ConsMid and high are badHdmi not availableBluetooth connectivity is quite poorOverall Good package at reasonable pricesREAD MORE,4.0
I purchased 120 w during Great savings days for Rs.4400/-.Bass is Blowing.perfect Cinema Theatre Experience.Volume 12 out of 35 itself shaking the Room.Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"I can say Boat 2000 160W Soundbar its just outstanding, I bet this is a competitor for all 2000W sound systems.READ MORE",5.0
super home theater  bass superREAD MORE,5.0
Base was good but background music is low totally good experienceREAD MORE,4.0
10 out of 10 productREAD MORE,3.0
"The sound is awesome. The Sharpness in the sound is really good. However, there was some Blue tooth connectivity.  Did anyone face any problem in the blue tooth connectivity?READ MORE",4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
Better sound &bass quality...READ MORE,5.0
Bass quality is good. But volume 15 to 25 good experience.Volume 25 and above bass is not clear.Also Sound quality better this price range.4.5 out of 5.READ MORE,5.0
perfect for 32 inch tvREAD MORE,5.0
Vocals are not clearFine bassTreble is too highSeperation of different sounds is goodEqualizer is must for clear overall balance soundREAD MORE,4.0
Works fine.. Good Bass and good volume but sometime there is distorted sound.. also connectivity is an issue.. range is very poor.. But I am sattisfied..READ MORE,3.0
Really amazing product supper stylish and clear sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is good but vocal are not clear very badREAD MORE,1.0
HDMI Not connected..bluetooth coverage range just 8to ten feet directionREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound quality at this price...♥️Suggestion:- Always buy in offer.READ MORE,5.0
Defected piece.READ MORE,1.0
Sound quality avrage low budget sound best no hdmi bluetooth connectivity problem 4 meter rangeREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice sound bar @this price range and the bass is beyond the expectations totaly satisfied purchase If your father is a bass hater pls dont buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic soundREAD MORE,5.0
Few things which i noticed..1) when you connect this bar with AUX       output you will get distortion sound which is really annoying and spoil your whole experience. (noice is to much loud).2) hdmi connectivity only available for ARC HDMI port so please check ones if your tv have ARC HDMI.3) you can connect it through optical aslo if your tv doesn't have optical port then tata sky setop have it and you can connect through it.4) bass effect is more than trebal so many time you unable t...READ MORE,4.0
Best soundbar at this price range.i got it for rs 4999. Excellent sound and bass especially in HDMI mode and no noticeable lag between visual and audio in bluetooth mode.READ MORE,5.0
So fabulous bass i loved this product all the timeREAD MORE,3.0
The Sound is awesome and the modes and buttons on remote are truly good.Only one thing that I don't like is the bumping ness of subwoofer wire.READ MORE,5.0
This is My first sound bar after lot of online reviews. Superb punchy bass with crystal clear sound.worth products below 5k.simply go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound qulity is superb .. i got this for 4999 during big saving days.. u will not any other sound bar in this quality at this price.READ MORE,4.0
"Boat 1550 is good sound system,with output found somewhat low,it's not full 120w but overall quality is good for large size Hall.READ MORE",4.0
Very good quality sound...bass.quality jabardast.....at cost 4300/- onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound  awesome look  bass is high &softREAD MORE,5.0
Very good quality sound...bass.quality jabardast.....at cost 4300/- onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound  awesome look  bass is high &softREAD MORE,5.0
"Xcilent sound quality I purchased 4,300READ MORE",4.0
Awesome !! Nice Sound 10/10 Rate this .READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Tha Sound Quality is Not Good Soo far its highest quality volume is 35 only and while connect to Tv the sound Quality is very low very DisappointedREAD MORE,3.0
No battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for your moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Extreme level Bass .Satisfied up to the point The bluetooth connectivity is also too good...Build quality at such low price is also so good..I suggest in such low price it's the best ever Sound bar...READ MORE,5.0
BASS AND SOUND QUALITYREAD MORE,3.0
Superb sound connect via Hdmi for good audio experience..READ MORE,5.0
Good Sound & Got it for 4999..SuperREAD MORE,5.0
No words.. ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Delivered on 23/06/2020... Awesome sound with Clarity. never seen BASS like this before. It's Huge. Entire room shaking,  Thumping Bass Sound. Really Impressed. Go for it guys. Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
The speaker is just amazing and beyond my expectations.The bass the sound Everything is stunning.The only small issue i found out was the connection through aux it had little noise when connected from TV.READ MORE,5.0
Sound is so goodBass also So goodSlik DesignButBut Bluetooth connectivity little bit downREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product at 4990READ MORE,5.0
Sound is osam the boat Aavante bar 1550READ MORE,5.0
Sound is impressiveWire quality of the subwoofer to soundbar connection could have been betterHdmi arc or digital analog should have been provided in the box considering the price point (since all setup boxes doesn't come with hdmi/digital point)READ MORE,4.0
Very great sound.If u play through HD sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is impressiveWire quality of the subwoofer to soundbar connection could have been betterHdmi arc or digital analog should have been provided in the box considering the price point (since all setup boxes doesn't come with hdmi/digital point)READ MORE,4.0
Very great sound.If u play through HD sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"It's really amazing, I got it for 4899 , Thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent ???READ MORE,5.0
"First impression  is awesome..120w at 4499/- only...vry happy with the deal.Hope continues the same sound quality with time..Thanks fr the safe and compact delivery, without any issue.READ MORE",5.0
Bass is good music is goodREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best you can get it under 9k.READ MORE,5.0
"Soundbar is fabulous, connectivity thru bluetooth is gr8. However sometimes not always there is synchronisation problem or delay bass output in woofer. But switching it off and starting it again, solve the problemREAD MORE",5.0
Good delivery   Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Really I loved it ...I never expected the bass ..Thank you boAt Aavante .. thanks to flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
SuprREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing bass quality. I m so happy.READ MORE,5.0
Mind blowing sound and bass very high thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Wonderful sound system, i'm so much satisfied with it and i have 120W model and Bass is just Awesome...can able to feel the bass in my bed even 😍READ MORE",5.0
Simple but powerfulREAD MORE,5.0
Just amazing product.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbar no other sound bar buying confused go boat aavante 2000READ MORE,5.0
Product not good. Waste of money. Bluetooth continously disconnecting. My amount gone.READ MORE,1.0
Awesome saund awesome bass super....saroundingREAD MORE,5.0
Boat music system rocks....guys just blindly purchase this model....its amazing sound bar....sound quality is superb....READ MORE,5.0
When connected hdmi some times it is working and sometimes it is not. Horrible experience with this sound bar.Even return request cancelled by the technician stating that it is working fine . After multiple follow ups and complaints technician apptoved return.READ MORE,1.0
Unbeatable sound quality in 10 k. Bass is excellent and distortion free. Fastest wireless subwoofer connectivity. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality. Beyond my imagination.READ MORE,4.0
Nice product sound quality superREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome... product, sound clarity super.READ MORE",5.0
Bass lovers Good productosREAD MORE,5.0
Boat avante 2000 soundbar is performing awesome since 10days from  purchasing. Bass is really thumping in 3d mode. Very good option for under 10k rupees soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
"There is some missing frequency in this setI feel like big sub woofer and small tweeter speakers in the bar which can produce high bass and peak treble.Even though there is spl buttons to control bass and treble , this set fail to produce MID frequenciee,overall a good package for a price of 7k..After two months sound bar left speaker is not working ..need to see how to get serviced during lockdown periodREAD MORE",3.0
Superb quality..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product at this price. Got heavy discount at big billion. Thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome purchase loved itREAD MORE,5.0
100% satisfied...thanks boAt...thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Sound Quality is better than many 120 W speakers. Doesn't break at all. Blutooth connectivity is very poor. Need to keep my iphone within the range of one meter for uninterrupted music.READ MORE,4.0
Really niceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is amazing....Bass shakes the roomBut bluetooth connectivity is a problem and it forgets it's last volume level on startup and bangs at high volumeSubwoofer stops working after 1 year😭READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity problems for bluetooth...otherwise this product is awesome..go for it..my rating is 4.7..superbREAD MORE,4.0
Connectivity is very poor...😥😥READ MORE,1.0
Great sound at this price range.Great BassREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product by boAt......very well furnished with bassREAD MORE,4.0
Great sound at this price range.Great BassREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product by boAt......very well furnished with bassREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound quality top level , bass awesome... i got it for 5999. very fast deliveryREAD MORE",5.0
I love this productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...  Osom soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super clarityREAD MORE,5.0
"Facing Bluetooth connectivity issue sometimes, overall good productREAD MORE",4.0
Very good Job boAt . Superb 3D Sound quality . Movie watching sounds Excellent. I am Experience theatre sound quality. Thank you 😊 Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
perfect..READ MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connection is very weak at this range of speaker and also due to wireless woofer the sound from woofer comes late and mismatches with soundbar. So really bad choice of buying such worst speaker at 9k.READ MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Horrible don't go for this ...Bluetooth connection is not good not even a single song it's automatically disconnected and again restart the sound bar then only it was connect and the same issue was persist.ax cable connection is ok but sound was too low and that brand  customer service was not there it's always used to system voice and simply disconnected. In this price range go for some other brand don't go for this totally waste...READ MORE,1.0
good sound quality awesome bass☺️☺️READ MORE,4.0
I got it.5999 rs...nice in this price range....Thanks to flipkart for right time to deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
best soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound and superb bass 😘😘😘👌👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
awesome sound bar good music qwalityREAD MORE,5.0
"experience real sound quality and output when connected to HDMI ARC cable, virtual surround sound feature is better than expected.READ MORE",4.0
Has distortions and noise when volume is increased above 50%. Bass is loud and overlaps with audio at times makes it hard to catch the lyrics in songs.READ MORE,2.0
Sometimes the sound comes from standing upREAD MORE,1.0
woofer giving to much noise when increasing the bass.. not good as expected..READ MORE,3.0
Nice bass on such a price....i got it at5500READ MORE,5.0
awesome sound . bass is great.READ MORE,5.0
bass& treble quality is very good and very hardly bass ..this product are very best sound source for homeREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent soundbar for TV. Very optimum for watching movies in 10 by 12 room size. Very Happy with the product. Connectivity options are more and good. Connectivity Range is small i.e if you take out your mobile out of the room, connection may get lost. Person who is looking for loud sound should look for more watt output.READ MORE",5.0
NICE BLUETOOTH SPEAKER WITH BEST BUDGET.  BASS SOUND EXCELLENT .READ MORE,5.0
"Great, super Bass, input hd audio, it's a feeling. Designed for Bass Lovers.READ MORE",5.0
product was quite good and installation from Jeeves ( Mohan ) was extremely helpful gave a detailed explanation about d product all together good experienceREAD MORE,4.0
awesome product at this price range..connectivity options could have been better if hdmi arc had been provided and pen drive slot can be given at side of the sound bar as after wall mount it is difficult to insert flash drive.READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic sounds and super bass 👌 amazing boat.plz 5.1 sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
"amazing sound quality ,product material is also too good with glossy finish ,loved it under this pricingREAD MORE",5.0
a good product in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"not happy with the woofers, bar sound is good though.READ MORE",4.0
"whoever's is planned to buy this products, a huble request do not buy any boat product. i got this product with faulty optical cable port. the optical port is not working from the beginning. when complain raised. the mumbai service department  calls u and schedul visit. however they only talk nicely but no action taken. till date my sound bar is not working with faulty optical cable port. they have been marketing for warranty and guaranty period however they took 2 months just to arrange apic...READ MORE",1.0
the product is working well.i am very satisfied .But I have some problem with the installation.I wanted the sound bar to be fixed to the wall.The service engineer promised me to fix it to the wall later I would feel it necessary.But now he is not responding to my phone call.I request you to arrange the service engineer to get my sound bar fixed to the wall.Thank you.READ MORE,4.0
Greatest among all in this category. Previously I was using JBL but after purchasing this product I forget about JBL. This is greatest among all competitors in this category.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"One of the best home theater......Must Buyworth it at price 5000rs....If it is at 8000 also, no worries....Worth Enough.....READ MORE",5.0
"The Boat Aavante Bar is phenomenal.at first on using Bluetooth I found a lag between voice and video, tried all the settings but it would not work.I checked that though my MI TV 4x Pro and the boat Soundbar have a Bluetooth 4.2 version the audio and video did not match and the YouTube apps would start throwing up errors and not play properly.I decided to buy an HDMI ARC cable as the boat avante has an HDMI ARC port behind. the cable cost 400 on Amazon.on connecting the same the true outp...READ MORE",5.0
Wrost product and service by flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
superrrr sound&designREAD MORE,5.0
"Best home theatre product i have ever seen .just go for it..at this price range it can easily overtake marq, jbl ,sony and all brandREAD MORE",5.0
The speaker's sound quality is very good. The bass is a little too much so I disconnect the woofer when I watch movies. Bang on sound for this price. it's quite loud at 25 volume. Max volume is 35. Hangs nicely below TV. connected through Bluetooth. Deducted one star for Bluetooth connectivity sometimes the sounds breaks through Bluetooth so I restart the speaker and gets okay.READ MORE,4.0
poore Bass quality .....low sound and nothing help from flip cart ....flip cart is third party directly they forward concern to Boat team..and from boat side get answer SURE WE WILL HELP YOU...still i am wait for help....READ MORE,5.0
good bass.i got 3869 rupeesREAD MORE,4.0
sound output is not to loud (according to me i expected a little more loudness ) But it is Worthy  you will definitely enjoy it . GRAB IT NOW.READ MORE,5.0
The biggest issue is there is half a second lag in sound coming from this device. if you play sound from your TV speaker and from sound bar together then the sound bar sound will come after half a second or with a lag which is a terrible experience . we tested with splitting the sound and playing music with home theater and from this sound bar then also the result was same. If you are audiophile then don't go for it. if you are looking for cheaper option then go for it. sound quality is ok. N...READ MORE,2.0
It stopped working within a month. It stops working after 2-3 mins of play.I don't know what to do now as boat don't have good aftermarket service.READ MORE,1.0
good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product..very disappointedREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is good but not laud as 120w.READ MORE,3.0
Fabulous sound and bass... Original theatre sound and party bass....READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Bass Quality with clear effect in 8999 Range also compared with 25000 products.READ MORE,5.0
Super sound & bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundbar for the priceREAD MORE,5.0
A great full thanks to Flipkart.. amazing sound & bass...READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"Had Very bad experience with flipkart support team and as well as with third party installation team. I will never buy onwards any products if in case support ,installation and warranty with it.             Thankx , AmitREAD MORE",1.0
Good product. Value for money. Sound quality and design is very good. Bluetooth connectivity is also good. HDMI sound port is not available to connect a tv or pc only headphone connectivity is there but your tv or pc having bluetooth than no worries about HDMI unavailability.Overall good product in 4500/-READ MORE,4.0
"Had Very bad experience with flipkart support team and as well as with third party installation team. I will never buy onwards any products if in case support ,installation and warranty with it.             Thankx , AmitREAD MORE",1.0
Good product. Value for money. Sound quality and design is very good. Bluetooth connectivity is also good. HDMI sound port is not available to connect a tv or pc only headphone connectivity is there but your tv or pc having bluetooth than no worries about HDMI unavailability.Overall good product in 4500/-READ MORE,4.0
I bought it at 7449 .A sound bar at this price is ok...READ MORE,4.0
yeah plug into nirvana❤️READ MORE,5.0
its good for a bass lover person....if you have a 20x20 room...then you can rock that room surelyREAD MORE,5.0
Almost amazing.READ MORE,4.0
best for bass lovers👍READ MORE,5.0
"bass is superb, coming to the sound clarity, voice is ok and trible is missing. You can expect more of bass and do not expect the theatre effect in terms of crispyness of voice and other instrumental sounds, sound clarity is missing.READ MORE",4.0
Bluetooth connectivity is worst...I am not preferred this speakers if any one is looking for speakers especially for Bluetooth use. Need to check on this product more and will update the review.READ MORE,2.0
"it is only good sond in optical connection, only only smart TV buyers only can buy sound quality average, vocal sound is missing, distortion the trouble soundREAD MORE",2.0
loved itfinally it worth of it...Boat Brandsupb.....READ MORE,5.0
vera lvl g super productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Great Sound.Bass is really gooodd.. Must go for it!!READ MORE,5.0
"Great value for money product , Got this for 4300 in Big billion day , Great bass , Fell some connection issue in Bluetooth when connected with MiTv, but no issue when connected through phone Bluetooth , Also HDMI connection doesn't work with MiTV , Don't know if the HDMI port is damage or what, Raised one concern to Boat ServicesREAD MORE",5.0
sound quality very good.. but Delivery service very poorREAD MORE,5.0
i got in rs 4299 and quality of sound is more than u expect love u boat. Go for it .READ MORE,5.0
Not SatisfiedREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome product.Beautiful Design.Lovely sound Quality.Go for it.5 STARREAD MORE,5.0
"excellent product when it buy 3799 flash sell, sound quality is too good,READ MORE",5.0
volume lowREAD MORE,2.0
SayisfyedHood effectREAD MORE,5.0
"Good at price of 4000, but bass is not as much.READ MORE",4.0
super quality🗣🗣🗣🔝 super price😎 super sound 😍super look 😘super service 🤗super offer 🤑thanks flipkart🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓READ MORE,5.0
"Price at 4299 is osm deal.Everything is mind-blowing, fabulous.READ MORE",5.0
1 no bassREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth pairing is very poor. If your source device is connected with blue tooth and distance with boat is more than 2ft only then the sound start huckling.Bass is un synchronized and irregular.Howling the speaker sound a lot.I am not satisfied with the product . Specifically for the Bluetooth connectivity issue. Really it's irretating.READ MORE,2.0
best quality in best priceREAD MORE,5.0
very good sound bar with a decent price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent sound quality from boat. and coming to bass- owsm output. and checked all the ports namely hdmi, aux, usb, optical and found working good. if u are bass lover go for boat..READ MORE",4.0
very good sound bar with a decent price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent sound quality from boat. and coming to bass- owsm output. and checked all the ports namely hdmi, aux, usb, optical and found working good. if u are bass lover go for boat..READ MORE",4.0
Bass was awesome...👌 my room was shaking...😁 Really satisfied & if you're looking for bass then blindly go for it. because it's only for bass lovers... 🤘READ MORE,5.0
Boat Aavante 2000 very nice sound barREAD MORE,5.0
cinematic bass and saund is very class and good product in reasonable price tks to boat from boat lovers... 😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Good... sound quality superbREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
good sound quality & very powerful deep bassREAD MORE,5.0
One of best Sound bar for home purpose ...it's really meet the requirements and improve the TV viewing experience.awesome Bass and crystal clear output .READ MORE,5.0
installation is good by jeeves engineers naveen Kumar yadav helpful goodREAD MORE,5.0
good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Paisa vasool product ... Wonderful experience with  Boat Aavante Bar 2000.Thanks to Flipkart .READ MORE,5.0
good sound bar I really enjoyedREAD MORE,5.0
nice.... productREAD MORE,4.0
it's osm soundbar with sub buffer it's for bass lover sound quality is good but bass is next levelREAD MORE,5.0
no more discussions on sound....  its awesome.....READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Not well qualified and poor knowledge of the guy who came to install the music system.READ MORE,1.0
great soundbar. I've always been a boat fan. this time also boat made me happy. True bass n one can feel it......don't campare it with Sony or JBL 500-600 watts soundbar. at this price level it's a must buy. I got it at rs 4950 on big billion days.READ MORE,5.0
best in the marketREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is awesome. Bass is also super... it's worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
sound not  match with TV  soundREAD MORE,1.0
superb sound quality productbass 1no.READ MORE,5.0
"First off, all the good things...Pros:1. The design looks gorgeous2. The remote does the job3. Bass is sufficient4. Bluetooth Connecticut is good5. Value for moneyCons:1. The voice quality is not good. Especially while watching movies, it's a pain as I would increase the volume and then when the background music kicks in, is too much sound; so i have to reduce the sound2. No FM radioREAD MORE",2.0
thanks Flipkart for wonderful productREAD MORE,5.0
sound is good and base is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
awesome sound with great bass. fully satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Product,  sound Quality is too Loud & Bass is wonderful. Looking very nice performance is very good. I'm buying at rs.@4999/- from flipkart . Clarity sound. More power on the Bass Boat Avante 120watt .Thanks to flipkart Team.READ MORE",5.0
Beautiful look ! best sound quality with such a good price : just go for it :)READ MORE,5.0
"Good product worth in price. Powerfull Bass, all Bass lover must go....READ MORE",5.0
SUPERB SOUND QUALITY 👌 SUPERB DESIGNREAD MORE,5.0
It is for Base lovers.....Osm product in this price range....If u r a base lover blindly u can go for it...READ MORE,5.0
awesome sound quality. deep bass. crystal clear soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good Bass and sound quality also nice.READ MORE,5.0
just awesome. I'm listen with -2 Bass because it's two high...thanks flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
super 👍READ MORE,5.0
i love this product very much love u flip curtREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery was terrible outer box was total damaged & which caused dent on subwoofer back edge too.Flipkart  has cheapest service partners for installation  & demo.Product - Best ! Exactly as expected. only point there is major difference in AUX & OPTICAL.AUX output is louder than OPTICAL. Bluetooth - fastest connection.Bass - super.trouble & loudness of music is ok ok.Installation - Delayed & not done even after 16days of delivery  !READ MORE,4.0
"Crisp vocal , perfect bass and trebal! What else you want in 6999.00?          ThanksREAD MORE",5.0
"very nice product, with lowcost, but flipkart this time given a very late deliveryREAD MORE",4.0
best sound quality at this price.. bass could have been little more . all other aspects are perfectly good.READ MORE,5.0
Best in this range... Go for itREAD MORE,4.0
Super awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"used it for last 25 days. Bass is just amazing, sound clearity is very good . Got it for just 4999 in this price range it is a killer product.If you are really a bass lover then go for it.it can go very loud in terms of sound. if you have a large room then you should go for it  or ""if you have a small room I will not recommend,  because the sub-woofer produces a very good amount of bass ,in which you will be irritated and you will feel as if  someone is throttling his bike near your ears""READ MORE",5.0
Awesome sound and bass was too goodREAD MORE,5.0
balance between sound and bass is lessbass is over then requiredREAD MORE,4.0
awesome product boat rockzzz 😍READ MORE,5.0
this product is not good this price range sounds very bad trouble with Bass very niceREAD MORE,3.0
sound quality good bass is awesomefast connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
Best speaker in this range !READ MORE,5.0
"I really love this thank u flipkart & boat,nice sound quality & bass,I am happy for got thisREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome product  but packing is not good .READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality...READ MORE,5.0
nice product sound Quality super but installation time to lateREAD MORE,4.0
demo.badREAD MORE,1.0
The vocals are same after 25-35the bass is too low according to its sizeREAD MORE,2.0
"sound quality is best and it was a really good experience, got it for 4500, best value brah!!READ MORE",5.0
Better one on this price.. Good Quality..Well Design..READ MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
best and best quality sound quality very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous Soundbar Quality Bass Is Nive love itREAD MORE,5.0
great experience with boat aavante 2000READ MORE,4.0
Excellent...READ MORE,5.0
"Base quality is too good , i like itREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
amazing sound experienceREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous!!!READ MORE,5.0
got it for 3600 and few super coins. Woofer is good. easy connectivity. satisfied .READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality product at this price. HDMI ARC was not working with my LG 43UF770T but Optical cable is working absolutely fine. Both the cables I bought from BlueRiggers online.READ MORE,5.0
"Speaker just too good, just buy and enjoy the avante...READ MORE",4.0
Build up and design are too good.. but sound wise dont expect anything.. i prefer tv sound would be at his best..READ MORE,2.0
Very nice product for all features.....READ MORE,5.0
Best one in this price range... Loved it alottttt...READ MORE,5.0
rocking music I loved it bass is goodREAD MORE,5.0
atom bomb 😍👌READ MORE,4.0
Good product for this price. installation is very easy. bass and treble control through remote is very easy.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound....more than expected....love the bass !!Bought at 3868 in BBD sales...worth every penny.READ MORE,5.0
excellent... very good soundREAD MORE,4.0
poor connectivity......READ MORE,3.0
Awsome sound...bass is extreme...feels like sittin in PXL THEATRE.....sound clearity is at extreme level....loved the product alot....must buy speakerREAD MORE,5.0
amazing sound.... I got this 6300 INR.... BEST IN THIS PRICE....READ MORE,5.0
product is too good. sound and bass is very nice. but delivery is not good. and delivery status is very bad. I am not satisfied with gati courier. and very bad condition for delivery. and Flipkart is best online shopping. and I trust Flipkart.......READ MORE,5.0
"sound quality is average and 3d effect,music effect super,value of money 4300rsREAD MORE",5.0
"superbb product my home be like a Cinema at Home superbb bass treble, every beat yoy hear loud and clear i bought rs 5750 from sale so go throught it better than Mi sound barREAD MORE",5.0
okayREAD MORE,4.0
just amazing 💯READ MORE,5.0
i loved this product must buyREAD MORE,5.0
just amazing 💯READ MORE,5.0
i loved this product must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
full satisfied this product.READ MORE,5.0
excellent product good sound good productREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome, mind blowing sound, Iam enjoyingREAD MORE",5.0
i can't imagine about sound and quality for this range ..and also thnx for good paking for safe product ..thnx flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
good workREAD MORE,5.0
very bad product sound was very manny time i complaint register but they did not come even 1 time please dont buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
"The sound quality is not as expected.The treble and bass is not balance.There is too much unnessary bass, but if you are a bass head go for it.I do not recommend for real music lover.READ MORE",3.0
value of money its good itemREAD MORE,5.0
This prices best n Best product. I love itREAD MORE,5.0
I purchased this item on big billion days for 4274rsIam so happy with the performancesuper sound quality don't listen to negative commentsu can purchase it without thinkingsome are posting that hdmi is not working please use hdmi arc cable at starting I used a normal hdmi cable it was not detected after I used my Xbox hdmi and it was working smoothlybass - 9/10sound - 9/10design&buildquality - 10/10Flipkart packaging - 0/10worst Flipkart packaging everREAD MORE,4.0
very good product bass quality is amazing worthable productREAD MORE,5.0
No service provided by brandDnt buy3 months passed no calls pickupNo responsePower on failureREAD MORE,1.0
good home theaterbass quality is very goodi just love it 😍READ MORE,5.0
awesome product. quality sound design very good.READ MORE,5.0
Totally worth. Purchased for 3599. Amazing deal.READ MORE,5.0
good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Best product in this price.READ MORE,4.0
"Superb Speakers With Good Built Quality and Multiple Connection options...such as Bluetooth,Hdmi,aux,usb and Digital Audio output...?????Go For ItREAD MORE",5.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Base experience was super wire less Bluetooth option  high recamended from boat avante 160w 2000 sound bar thanks Flipkart price 6997 10 percent icici credit card discount after one year quality good good goodREAD MORE,5.0
great BassREAD MORE,5.0
"product is great. but anyone can please tell, my TV to bar connection is not done. I used hdmi cable,  It's not giving output. even tried by technician. he suggested hdmi arc cable to be used. please do suggest. any cable specification or any name for cable. I tried three for hdmi cable.  but not working. I hope not problem of device.READ MORE",5.0
got it for 3700 and it's an awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
"I have searched many websites for home theater, seen many options, even searched on youtube, know that the soundbar is good and that the bot brand is good, very good item and sound quality, body decoration good,READ MORE",5.0
got it at rs 3450. 100% value for money. sound is clear and bass is good. only minus point is when connecting with tv sound output comes late. rest all is goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Packing quality is too worst , I think I got a used one completely disappointedREAD MORE",1.0
Good sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"nice bass,READ MORE",5.0
worst product since i connected to tv with hdmi cable sound bar remote sensor not working.I informed customer sevice but they didn't respond.manually also not working.READ MORE,1.0
the sound is not that goodREAD MORE,1.0
good product sound quality was awesomebass was descentREAD MORE,2.0
HDMI connectivity problems Automatically connect and disconnected HDMI cable very dificult problemsREAD MORE,4.0
BaSs LoVer Go fOr iTREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst product.from phone its connecting fine,when coming to connect TV sound is very very low.Am not happy with this productREAD MORE",1.0
USB NOT WORKING . FAULT PRODUCT RECEIVEDREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
it has major connectivity issuesREAD MORE,1.0
"One of the best budget soundbars. Can easily shake a large living room with 60% (18-20) volume. Set Bass to -2 and Treble to +4 for perfect, crisp and bassy sound. Must by for 7.5K. Thanks!..READ MORE",5.0
🤭🤭🤭mind-blowing sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice song nice bassREAD MORE,4.0
"1. Connected with firestick via Bluetooth and works amazingly.2.Got different options Bluetooth,AUX, Optical cable.3.Problem is with bass control, bass is more than what you expect, Good for Big hallsREAD MORE",4.0
not connecting to smart TV only connecting to mobil by BluetoothREAD MORE,3.0
"very good sound quality, but hdmi connection problem for MI tvREAD MORE",4.0
sound is crisp and clear and so is the base! only drawback is that the subwoofer is wired to the speaker and size is not that compact.READ MORE,5.0
owasm product !READ MORE,5.0
worth the moneyREAD MORE,4.0
it's superb at the price of below 8KREAD MORE,5.0
Great Sound With Good Bass... Got it For 5999/- Really A Worthy Product From Boat...!READ MORE,4.0
Speaker is having great bass. Quality of mid range and vocals are bit compromised. Doesn't connects with any Hdmi arc cable to mi tv. And (0) ratings for Jeeves consumers service who does (actually doesn't) the free installation for these products.. They'll never show up..READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product ..  LalantopREAD MORE,5.0
"no one beat boat quality sound & bass, no 2nd thought go for quality sound that's boat products only gives you...READ MORE",5.0
best product in 6k price ...READ MORE,4.0
Just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Got the speaker very next day. First I have booked the marq sound bar but returned due to blue tooth connectivity issue. This Boat sound bar connects Bluetooth flawlessly. Value for money. go for it.READ MORE,5.0
good sound quality super excitedREAD MORE,5.0
fabulous  boat avantea  like  boom boomREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
just woooowwwwREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent Sound with good Bass.. Complete value for money.. Just go for it,  without any second thought..READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
great sound in affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Is to bad.  . ?????READ MORE,5.0
its really gud oneREAD MORE,5.0
Powerfull soundREAD MORE,5.0
OK but warranty No we wait for other daysREAD MORE,5.0
"Great sound 🔊 quality in this price, bass is very punchy and surround sound is very niceREAD MORE",5.0
nice product....3d mode is super..and bass is very good..READ MORE,5.0
I purchased in offer period...got is at 5.4k .   best sounds quality for this price range. bass is also good. go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality and bass quality ... Great product and design too good ...READ MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
this is awesome... After 5 yrs.. Samsung H20.. I have purchased this one.. and my decision is right.. thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Good product at this price.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice sound strongly recommended. build quality is awesome. Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
"not working, dead instrument received.READ MORE",1.0
waste in the product this price👎👎👎👎READ MORE,1.0
Bluetooth not working properlyhdmi cable not connectedREAD MORE,1.0
"only bass , no other instrument and come.READ MORE",1.0
dear customer I requesting you please don't buy this product because very poor quality and so many problems and not accepting return also sound is very low not working properly please don't buy........READ MORE,1.0
First day first impressions are as good as expected.. need to use bit long to check the battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product but sony home theater best choiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not worth. I had Panasonic 2.1 channel speakers with subwoofer and they were 4 yr old. had some ißues with them lately so thought boat will be good as I am using earphones already. To my surprise the speakers did not live up to the expectation.Pros: Loud voice.Looks are premium.Cons:Constant humming noise from woofer. replaced the first item but not much improvement in the replacement speakers as well.Volume setting is not regulated. after 9 or 10 points the volume becomes to loud.Eng...READ MORE,1.0
"Honestly, I don't recommend this to anyone who have true essence of music. Very disturbing sound such a 3rd class bass it have.READ MORE",2.0
Boat sound bar is waste of money.. sound distortion will come in a few months ..and service from boat is worst..I lodged complaint but they haven't come for repair.....my frnd also face the same issue..better prefer JBL or sonyREAD MORE,1.0
"The worst thing to buy, waste of money.READ MORE",1.0
Boat sound bar is waste of money.. sound distortion will come in a few months ..and service from boat is worst..I lodged complaint but they haven't come for repair.....my frnd also face the same issue..better prefer JBL or sonyREAD MORE,1.0
"The worst thing to buy, waste of money.READ MORE",1.0
Not support to led tv... don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
"Very good product for bass audiance. control on treable is nice, as we increase or decrease it. lam bass lover, so I am in love with boAt sound bar. I have been searching this kind of sound system. Finally got it and needs to more enhancements in coming future.thanks to boAt.READ MORE",5.0
Bass like shake your large hall awesome sound !!!!READ MORE,5.0
"Very poor bluetooth connection,, waste for money,,READ MORE",1.0
"Awesome Sound Bar!!.. Value For Money.its design and build quality is mind blowing!!!.sound quality was spr also produce good bass(6.5 inch Subwoofer,60wts)and lots of Connectivity options ( HDMI arc, optical,aux,usb)READ MORE",5.0
Fantastic item but battery backup very bad.READ MORE,4.0
"Range of Bluetooth connectivity is too bad, less than 100 cm's. Even in this range, if there are any obstacles music starts to crack.  If one is looking for music over Bluetooth, then this is not the one to buy.READ MORE",1.0
Woffer shape X type but I'm receiving A type...READ MORE,1.0
Totally unsatisfied. The product is totally waste. there not returning it.READ MORE,1.0
"This is my review after 10 days usage. Sound quality and clarity was outstanding on its price range. Design and build quality was awesome. Overall my experience was excellent. Those who are planning to buy a budget sound bar,simply proceed for this.READ MORE",5.0
Product is really good. Best sound out put and bass is  awesome. Build quality is very premium. Sound output is very loud and clear. Got this at great deal of Rs 5400 (including 10% discount from HDFC) Go for it without any doubt and you will enjoy the cinematic experience.READ MORE,5.0
stoped working one side of sound bar in just 15daysREAD MORE,4.0
"Product is good. no complaint on the sound quality.But installation is very disappointing. The installation person affixed wall mount holders, drilled on the walls without bothering to check if the plug will reach the point. After mounting the sound bar on the wall, he casually said the plug is not reaching. When asked to mount the sound bar at a place from where, the plug can be connected, he said he does not have additional spare screws. Thereafter he casually started saying to keep the ba...READ MORE",4.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
"Bought the product  20 days ago before lock down. Still doesn't came executive for installation.  So can't  rate this product. Because  once use this product warranty will lose. But, my return period is over, I mailed regarding this to flipkart . Still they didn't reply to this query.READ MORE",1.0
"Facing connectivity issues, not working with HDMI ARC and Bluetooth is getting disconnected frequentlyREAD MORE",1.0
It's bas is lowREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality not upto the mark better go for Sony SA-D40.READ MORE,1.0
It's bas is lowREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality not upto the mark better go for Sony SA-D40.READ MORE,1.0
"I have faced a couple of issues related with Bluetooth connectivity and then I use HDMI , overall sound is good and it gives you a feel like watching a movie in a theater, don't expect more it just give a feel that's it nothing much nothing more.READ MORE",4.0
Best buy for 4999rs onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Worst bassREAD MORE,1.0
Gud sound quality with excellent bass. In this price range I got excellent product (6299 rs). No doubt product is good. Once again Flipkart I luv your time of delivery.READ MORE,4.0
"All is good, Bluetooth connectivity is poorREAD MORE",5.0
Supar bass and nice good colaty thanks boat and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Have used this for 6 months, If you check review, people will portray as if this is the best sound bar , but its not, bass and treble is unecessarily high and you cannot make it zero, vocals extremely low due to which dialogue are not clear. Increase in volume will create noise which makes it even worse, sound clarity is bad which you will not like.READ MORE",1.0
Not good at all.... vocals are very bad and create problems to ear.... worst buy and worst sellerREAD MORE,1.0
"Not up to mark, with this price 6400, we expect moreREAD MORE",3.0
"Worst experience with flipkart, the product is defective , doesn't play with AUX cable, soumd quality is pathetic when connected to tv via BLUETOOTH or AUX.Flipkart is cheating customers by not mentioning clearly whether the product is eligible for refund or not. They are forcing me to buy the product.READ MORE",1.0
Dont buy this at all i am facing bass issues and i dont want make your money waste instead of this go for jblREAD MORE,1.0
"Would have given three stars for the price paid, but deducting one star due to installation process. Installation service is a stigma to the company. Overall the product is not upto my expectations, will definitely not buy this brand products in future..READ MORE",2.0
Hdmi cabe is not supporting with samsung TV very disappointed.READ MORE,2.0
I got damaged aux cable and people who installed it where not having idea of installation I didn'tliked that no care where taken while unboxing they broke all the box and thrmocal while unboxing n they where in hurry of going one person didnt where mask.  Product review I vl update after 1 monthREAD MORE,1.0
Very good sound experience . I got this product at just   4.7 k. Very very satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity Very poorREAD MORE,2.0
"Love the sound quality. Best in the price range. Just some connectivity issues sometimes, but gets connected after two or three attempts.  The demo and installation was not done for me, the person called and asked for the photograph on watsapp. He himself gave rating and never came for the installation, much disappointing it was.READ MORE",4.0
Bass is not good and Bluetooth connectivity is wrost. you can't connect from another Room.READ MORE,3.0
sound quality good.but connectivity worst then worst .hardwer quality also worst then worstREAD MORE,1.0
not get best sound for MI TV...also tried with ARC cableREAD MORE,1.0
sound quality is very bad.I never expect it from boat.READ MORE,1.0
connectivity very poorREAD MORE,1.0
packing is not comfortREAD MORE,1.0
amazing product. amazing pakage.. sound quality just magnificent.. Boat ❤️❤️❤️❤️😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
"Poor quality,👎👎👎READ MORE",2.0
"extremely good product from boat. sound quality is too good as compared to other boat products, it was unexpected. The only problem is with the range of bluetooth connectivity. I bought this product for 4200 rupees and it's totally worth for that price.READ MORE",5.0
Fantastic sound bass. It was really good product to buy.READ MORE,5.0
Best in class in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
wonderful sound bar. extremely satisfied with this product.READ MORE,5.0
Buy at 3800 got best sound at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Bass quality very niceREAD MORE,5.0
perhaps the most satisfying 4k spent in my life !READ MORE,5.0
"not up to the mark as name Boat shown it.low sound effect within small room and connectivity problem when paired with Bluetooth, also irritating sound whenever it's switching On-Off.slightly disappointed.READ MORE",2.0
"delivery boy don't know about the addressed area, this product is so big, still the delivery boy delivery the product 3 km far from the address, I facing so much trouble to bring the product into my house. in my bike I hold the product in one hand and drive the bike in one hand.  it is too dangerous to me. wrost Exprence ever.READ MORE",1.0
"Do not buy this speaker. It stopped working after 1 month. There is no sound coming now.Moreover, their after service is also very bad. Please run speaker frequency test from youtube on the first day itself.Most probably, your sound bar will have no sound output after you play this test.READ MORE",1.0
"I should never expect the rate, comparably other than i have one thousand rupees gain. Item also very satisfaction. thank you flipcart.READ MORE",1.0
Good OneREAD MORE,5.0
good sound and bassREAD MORE,4.0
Supper Quality Best Bluetooth speakerREAD MORE,5.0
"Not worth Buying, Stopped working after 15 days.,Very slow service as well, patheticREAD MORE",1.0
"awesome Bass , Super sound I love itREAD MORE",5.0
"Amzing bass that shakes your room perfect for music and movies, it's having 3d mode which can be perfectly suited movie and TV viewing,  cables accompanied with speakers are poor but you can buy hdmi arc for best sound, and the sound bar has 8 speakers inside 4 on both sides and huge subwoofer,  go for it,  if you love bass, trap and moviesREAD MORE",5.0
value worthREAD MORE,5.0
worth the price.. use optical cable or HDMI for best quality soundREAD MORE,5.0
awesome sound loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Simple Super.... thank You Flipkart....READ MORE,4.0
"Bass and sound effects excellent .I checked Aux cable, Bluetooth working . but hdmi arc not working for my thomson uhd  55 4ktv.Now I checked another hdmi cable worked.READ MORE",5.0
sound quality is very poor....compare with philiphs HT1041...BOAT doesn't have FM .....and rate is also high compare with philiphs...pls don't show only rating...just compare with Google with any other brand..READ MORE,1.0
"Bass and sound effects excellent .I checked Aux cable, Bluetooth working . but hdmi arc not working for my thomson uhd  55 4ktv.Now I checked another hdmi cable worked.READ MORE",5.0
sound quality is very poor....compare with philiphs HT1041...BOAT doesn't have FM .....and rate is also high compare with philiphs...pls don't show only rating...just compare with Google with any other brand..READ MORE,1.0
worst sound plz dont go with itREAD MORE,2.0
"Have not yet experienced the quality of the product. But from my experience, suggestion to everyone not to buy anything from flipkart those need installation. You will have very hard time. The worst installation partners.READ MORE",1.0
no battery back upREAD MORE,5.0
Battery not available .its Outstanding performanceREAD MORE,5.0
very bad product & I want to return this product. waste of money productREAD MORE,1.0
Actually the bass as a 40watt subwoofer it's not worty it. It sounds like 20 watt subwoofer which one thing i disappointed. Although its looks awesome but its bass make me sad 😔READ MORE,4.0
bass quality poor..and sound too low as compare to price..portable speaker sound is better than soundbarREAD MORE,1.0
i seen so many reviews and youtube videos on this product and I thought it's good for small rooms but it's utterly disappointed it's not meet the specifications while compared my other bt speaker 10w it's not reached expectations if you raise your volume above 50 means only it's give good but not best waste of money go for other productsREAD MORE,3.0
good product now I need to collect stereo type and HDMI arc cableREAD MORE,4.0
imaging voice specially bass is amazingREAD MORE,1.0
sound is clear but not loud as loud as sony 60w speaker.READ MORE,3.0
Satisfied with great price 8099rsREAD MORE,5.0
Great buy worth every penny in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity very very poor please don't buy. Don't buy. Don't buy.READ MORE,1.0
sound bar not perfect  choice pl go for home theaterREAD MORE,1.0
its a boom boom sound bar. bass and trable is on very higher side.  bass is too loud. not for audiofholics and the quality of bass is too irritating. avg sound barREAD MORE,2.0
One star cx the remote of the sound bar has a same frequency with my thamson tv. if I press the high volume button my tv gets switched off... idk whom to blame but this is actually ruining my mood. other wise the sound is good.READ MORE,1.0
Only purchase 3500READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Sound equalizer is not ok while watching tv through OP modrREAD MORE,2.0
Great to have this product..READ MORE,5.0
If you r a bass lover... go for it... really ground shaking bass... worth  money....READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
This product is very nice nad chip amounts..I m proud of boat Compny...I like boat his sound bar nd all item so nice nd qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NuceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice audioREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Installation demo call cancelREAD MORE,1.0
The whole of the product and its support system is by far the best in appearance and the services for which it is meant or purchased.READ MORE,5.0
This product is very nice nad chip amounts..I m proud of boat Compny...I like boat his sound bar nd all item so nice nd qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product from Boat, received on time, bass is excellent, but voice quality is lower than base, if we keep in 20 bass is high but unable to hear the voice, boat need to work on itREAD MORE",5.0
NuceREAD MORE,5.0
"Humble service with great response, ...hapPily satIsfied ......thank  FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Sound Quality Superb we all buyers are known about Boat so it not required for coment It always GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Sound Quality.boAt Is Awesome AAvante Bar 2000READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good product but technician for installation not cameREAD MORE,4.0
Super warkingREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bass no as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Superb quality very good 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Super smal problm same time wireless Wi-Fi not supportREAD MORE,5.0
Not upto the mark and intermittency is there in connection between sound bar and woofer...many times need to give manual reset to connect the signal between bar and woofer...no meaning to give the option of wireless connection between bar and woofer..we need to place each other nearby... then only we can enjoy the quality of music...READ MORE,2.0
AWSOME soundbar very good service and subwoofer bass is nice and 3d mode was so good .over all best product .good  value of money designed is so beautiful and so smart and so attractive good quality same as jblREAD MORE,5.0
"Pros:Sound is excellent no doubtBass is thunderingCons:Speaker hangs quite sometime while playing songs thru USB.There is no shuffle button for playing thru USB. Every time it plays the songs in same sequence.Doesn't support m4a format.While playing songs thru iPhone7 over bluetooth, while there is a gap between two songs, if you type anything, sound increases to full volume, which is very scaring.READ MORE",4.0
Suepr basss and sound quality so very awesome  Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Such a amazing product & the sound quality is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Superb quality sound 🤩🤩Thanks for boat company 💞💞...thanks for Flipkart 🎉🎉READ MORE,5.0
Nice 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
Super sound Theatre experience heavy bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Punchy bass and great sound... I don't face any kind of connectivity issues as faced by other through Bluetooth or aux or hdmi.. Sound is very loudREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"First time using this brand and I'm very much satisfied the way its working* connectivity is fine with no issues* bass is the major advantage * it luks stylish n rich * best experience I had till nowDont hasitate, just go for it......READ MORE",5.0
Sound Quality Superb we all buyers are known about Boat so it not required for coment It always GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Sound Quality.boAt Is Awesome AAvante Bar 2000READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good product but technician for installation not cameREAD MORE,4.0
Super warkingREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bass no as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Superb quality very good 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Really extremeFully satisfied with dis product 😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"Best products by boat in price 4899,Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Value for money.. totally worthREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent💯👍READ MORE,5.0
Power on failure in 1.5 month and claim not registeredREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Remote not workingREAD MORE,1.0
It is not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Semma super worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very good products.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good.READ MORE,4.0
Sound is so cloud very strong perfomanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good songREAD MORE,5.0
"Heavy disturbance in tutors noise very bad quality,READ MORE",1.0
Good quality.Good service...Thank you ..READ MORE,5.0
Very bad .no use .mony loss .no sond effectREAD MORE,1.0
Very badREAD MORE,1.0
#boatlife thanks #flipkart Delivery by request before delivery date Nice packagingGroundShaking BASS #boat *Only one cons that sound clarity decrease after 30+ volume .READ MORE,5.0
Bass is very good but sound quality is low as per requirement in a home through bluetooth connection. It would be best if the woofer body will be in metallic instead of card board.READ MORE,4.0
"Super quality of the prouduct,READ MORE",5.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good Boat saundbar reali Veri good BoatREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb sound, ground shaking bass, sleek design, treble a-class, good connectivity, pleasing to ears,what more does one want in this range..... fully satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
"In the beginning, the sound quality was fine, I loved the product.One fine day the WOOFER STOPPED WORKING and BOAT did not even care to address the complaint. They gave me a COMPLAINT ID and when I contacted customer care no one answered.Later I also got to know that the complaint ID is invalid. I'm almost out of warranty but no response from BOAT's end even now. Very Very Poor Customer Service. I'm Just soo disappointed with the company.READ MORE",1.0
Audio lags when connected via bluetooth. Needs a HDMI cable for better performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is good but AUX dont work properly... We should depebd only in bluetoothREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"Look gud ,play gudREAD MORE",5.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Spending 6k for this sound bar is useless, only bass is ok apart from that nothing special in it, InstREAD MORE",3.0
value for Money best Sound baarREAD MORE,5.0
Really extremeFully satisfied with dis product 😍😍READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
its more bass not important for the correct soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Just wooooooh.I m a music lover, before this one bought many others company's home theater,but this one just awesome,worth for every penny. Behaviour of the delivery boy also good.Thank u Flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
Amazing sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Best products by boat in price 4899,Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Sometimes remote does not work. It does not connected with my tv through bluetooth.  It has been 15 days of using it. But overall its very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Average performanceREAD MORE,3.0
I am happy with the purchase. If you are a bass lover should go fot it.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good sound good quality everything is good.thank u flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Bad experienceREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is very good but soundbar sound is good  but sound is very slowREAD MORE,3.0
great sound and bass👌👌❤In this price range...READ MORE,4.0
Service of the customer care is very low quality and as I have give complaint about sounds bar as it's not working upto mark sounds is also not clear and remote is not working properly so I have give 1 star plz see before buying itREAD MORE,1.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought Avante 2000. Truly satisfied with the output..Club type feeling at home.Albiet, there is lot difference in output when i listen to bluetooth steaming with phone and when i connect my Smart TV from 3.5 mm JackREAD MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Remote not workingREAD MORE,1.0
It is not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Semma super worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very good products.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good.READ MORE,4.0
Sound is so cloud very strong perfomanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good songREAD MORE,5.0
"Heavy disturbance in tutors noise very bad quality,READ MORE",1.0
No value for money. Too costlyThe boopher didn't work when connected to TV via aux cableAnd they are not even refunding my amount I want a refund not a replacementREAD MORE,1.0
not expectedREAD MORE,3.0
Good Product Nice sound Nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
It's very good product Bass - Excellent Sound _amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good ....I like this productREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product for buy 3000 at offer time. Good sound quality and bass.A bad problem there is no Blutooth, AUX,USB change button on bar. Only remote control. If remote missing we can't select Bluetooth.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Its AwesomwREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality.Bluetooth connectivity is not good between the differnt rooms.READ MORE,5.0
Audio lags when connected via bluetooth. Needs a HDMI cable for better performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is good but AUX dont work properly... We should depebd only in bluetoothREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"Look gud ,play gudREAD MORE",5.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bass is osmREAD MORE,5.0
Good packing delivery was as very soon. Worth to buy and  value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Beautiful productREAD MORE,5.0
Good Sound Performance.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bass of this home theater is extraordinary... Boom 💥 Boom 💥 ... Value for money.. Build quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
It’s simply superb product .. thank u Flipkart & boatREAD MORE,5.0
Amezing sound quality...fully satisfied...❤️READ MORE,5.0
I am happy with the purchase. If you are a bass lover should go fot it.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Good sound good quality everything is good.thank u flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Bad experienceREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is very good but soundbar sound is good  but sound is very slowREAD MORE,3.0
great sound and bass👌👌❤In this price range...READ MORE,4.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought Avante 2000. Truly satisfied with the output..Club type feeling at home.Albiet, there is lot difference in output when i listen to bluetooth steaming with phone and when i connect my Smart TV from 3.5 mm JackREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice 👍 productREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is good, bass is decent, there are some connectivity issues time to time but nothing that cannot be fixed. Overall a it's a value for money product.READ MORE",5.0
Suddenly not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is too good sound is slight decrease after 1 month use and bass is also goodWorth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Best price..3700READ MORE,5.0
"Nice one, nice sound qualityREAD MORE",3.0
Excellent sound.need connr for earlier modelsREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Worth💯READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery... thanks to Flipkart delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
Sprr Product.... Nice Sound Nice Bass I Loved It!!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome.. ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Power failure issue within 1 month from purchasing.READ MORE,1.0
I ❤️ boat..... vibration bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good product simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Love it. #Awesome Bass #Awesome Sound Quality.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound for medium sized rooms... worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Product best but sound bar to subwoofer connect wire quality very poor All about excellent i really loved I used 8 month no any issue Well satisfyREAD MORE,5.0
Great ProductREAD MORE,5.0
𝐒𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐦𝐨𝐝𝐞𝐥 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐠𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐞𝐒𝐨𝐫𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐧𝐢𝐜𝐞READ MORE,5.0
"There is no batteries option at all , bass that will make your furniture vibrate , it's been 1 year it's soo great , it worth every penny . Highly recommendedREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product sound high bass is high I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good 🙂READ MORE,4.0
Powerfull bass...... high quality soundREAD MORE,5.0
Cristal clear sound quality with high soundbass ..If you are a bass Lover then don't be doubt go for it.READ MORE,5.0
goood qulity sound and bass is awosome mind blowing thnx to filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent design product at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi ,This is correct review giving now .Boat always brand in marketSound is Good and awesome .Easy plug and play .Nice bass Good volume in. 120 watts I am happy with this product thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Defect productRight side speakers not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice sound affectREAD MORE,5.0
Nice very good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Just ossam 💜💕💕READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
after few day the sound the bass is poor and oddREAD MORE,1.0
Quality is good sound awesome best price Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,3.0
One of the best sound bar....READ MORE,5.0
Good protectREAD MORE,5.0
Next levelREAD MORE,5.0
Inbuilt Bass Equalizer ranges -5 (least) to 5 (high).. too high bass with -5 setting..  Too high bass lovers can buy this product..READ MORE,4.0
Voice clarity is pathetic..... DEFINITELY not recommended if you're watching movies..... you will not be able to hear dialogues and no voice control option......READ MORE,1.0
I am truly a music lover in high bass and this product really satisfied me with the audio quality. I just love it u can go for this product and last but not the least value for money if u r music loverREAD MORE,5.0
"No service, no build qualityREAD MORE",1.0
It is so goodqualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Bass too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best ever priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best option...READ MORE,5.0
Best price..3700READ MORE,5.0
"Nice one, nice sound qualityREAD MORE",3.0
Excellent sound.need connr for earlier modelsREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Worth💯READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery... thanks to Flipkart delivery boyREAD MORE,5.0
Sprr Product.... Nice Sound Nice Bass I Loved It!!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome.. ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Power failure issue within 1 month from purchasing.READ MORE,1.0
I ❤️ boat..... vibration bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good product simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Love it. #Awesome Bass #Awesome Sound Quality.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound for medium sized rooms... worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Product best but sound bar to subwoofer connect wire quality very poor All about excellent i really loved I used 8 month no any issue Well satisfyREAD MORE,5.0
Great ProductREAD MORE,5.0
𝐒𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫 𝐦𝐨𝐝𝐞𝐥 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐠𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐞𝐱𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐞𝐒𝐨𝐫𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐧𝐢𝐜𝐞READ MORE,5.0
"There is no batteries option at all , bass that will make your furniture vibrate , it's been 1 year it's soo great , it worth every penny . Highly recommendedREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product sound high bass is high I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good 🙂READ MORE,4.0
Powerfull bass...... high quality soundREAD MORE,5.0
Cristal clear sound quality with high soundbass ..If you are a bass Lover then don't be doubt go for it.READ MORE,5.0
goood qulity sound and bass is awosome mind blowing thnx to filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent design product at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi ,This is correct review giving now .Boat always brand in marketSound is Good and awesome .Easy plug and play .Nice bass Good volume in. 120 watts I am happy with this product thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Defect productRight side speakers not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice sound affectREAD MORE,5.0
Nice very good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
"Super, thanks BoAtREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Great & wonderful designing, awesome bass boosted,  3D effect slidly normal, sound quality 👌😎...I have voluntarily given 5 stars to all.Bluetooth range averageRemote control goodBoat product always being best. 👌😉READ MORE",5.0
Boat avante bar 2000 160W good but problem is connectivity....!!!READ MORE,5.0
More bass issueREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Best bar our budget...just grab it when it's sell ..i am happy with is 7k is priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Fantastic product, luckily I bought special discount price in big billion day sale.READ MORE",5.0
Absolutely fabulous purchase. My entire family loves the soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Was really goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👍 super quality 👌 goodREAD MORE,5.0
NYCREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Awesome, outstanding, fabulous, mind-blowingREAD MORE",5.0
Sound system is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Bass not qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality is best. And battery backup is also good but I am disappointed with the installation because they reschedule again and again for installation but no one came.READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb sound quality and connectivity, worth and value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
very very worst product don't buy very bad experience in flipkart sound quality is very badREAD MORE,1.0
"It's been a month that inam using this sound bar.To start with, I would request boat to change their name from boat to BOMB 💣.A great deal from flipcart at 4,900 bucks, it is worth for every rupee. Indeed it was hectic to switch on each and every time I switch on tv. But when I connected HDMI ARC cable it is switching on automatically along with TV ( NO need to switch on seperately using sound bar remote which I liked most) and I find a lot of difference in voice clarity when I started u...READ MORE",5.0
Super sounds & BassREAD MORE,5.0
The sound system is awesome and recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm product ✌️READ MORE,5.0
awesome sound quality so orignal soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product but small connectivity problemREAD MORE,5.0
HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Good. Installed by Flipkart technician with demo successfully. I am happy with the product and great serviceREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality soundbar. They should have added FM feature. Other than FM all features are good.READ MORE,4.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Power consistancy😔😔😔READ MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It is a good productREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Looks good and working fine.First time conntivity issues every one faces. But it's resolved after trail and error methods.Automatic volume adjustable feature is not available for this model. That's only drawback. Except this everything works fine.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice speaker. Sound and bass quality is superbREAD MORE,4.0
Nice quality sound.... wirelessREAD MORE,4.0
"Super, thanks BoAtREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Great & wonderful designing, awesome bass boosted,  3D effect slidly normal, sound quality 👌😎...I have voluntarily given 5 stars to all.Bluetooth range averageRemote control goodBoat product always being best. 👌😉READ MORE",5.0
Boat avante bar 2000 160W good but problem is connectivity....!!!READ MORE,5.0
More bass issueREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Best bar our budget...just grab it when it's sell ..i am happy with is 7k is priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Fantastic product, luckily I bought special discount price in big billion day sale.READ MORE",5.0
Absolutely fabulous purchase. My entire family loves the soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
"Don buy any product from Boat , one of the  worst company as per service is considered. Remote of Sound bar stooped working  after 9 months and i raised complaint. Followed up with them for more then month , till now no update from them .Every time they will just give new date  for resolution of issue.READ MORE",1.0
Nice product i love Boat company was so GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
"Purchased 160w , its giving theatre effect, good product, worth for money.Bass lover easily go for itREAD MORE",5.0
"Best soundbar and far far better than mi, thumbs up boat for this product and those who love bass can purchase without any second thought you will not regretREAD MORE",5.0
"Best item,base, design and sound is best,must purchase this productREAD MORE",5.0
Must Buy Product ! Base is Boom...READ MORE,5.0
Connectivity issueREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing sound quality, just loved it. One should close their eyes and go ahead 😍READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound clearity is not upto expectation, Bass is poor and at heigher volume woofer units vibrates with adds to sound getting more irritated.Overall i dont feel its a value prodect.READ MORE",2.0
extra chrage...this productREAD MORE,1.0
3D quality summer soundsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Sounds great 🙂 better than the best, reasonable offeredable price for a high-quality soundbarREAD MORE",4.0
"Design quality good , sound and base also too good value for many love it 😀READ MORE",4.0
Sund quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product quality is ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome purchase I am using this system for last 8 months Very good sound quantity, nice connectivity , I connect my tv with HDMI cable , subwoofer wire is long so u can place subwoofer away from bar You can go for it , although deficit of DOLBY systemREAD MORE",4.0
very good product  love itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Bass Bass😱🔥READ MORE,4.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Only bass lover ... just awesome ....no word .READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product don't buy this .I have use this product last 6 to 7 month and in this month it's have lots of issue l have been facing...READ MORE,1.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
Good quality products ...but where is the battery...READ MORE,5.0
Suberb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product.....we can feel the bass..I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  I'm using 👌READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth range 10 feet🤔. But good product.🙃READ MORE,4.0
Excellent ❤️⚡READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality very goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellent prpductREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome built and clear sound.. Only IR remote control needs properly alligned when you increase or redce volume via remote, but that no a big deal... Everything else super good at this price.. In love with Boat productsREAD MORE",5.0
Good in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Speakers should be improvedREAD MORE,4.0
Very good sound and bass too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
"So option to indicate the increase/ decrease in volume, mode etcExcept this con everything else is awesome, great sound & bass..READ MORE",4.0
Nice one good sound bar. Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Built quality seems good...sound quality also good..only issues with connectivity...seems like bluetooth doesn't work smoothly needs rectifications..READ MORE,3.0
One side not sound out.READ MORE,1.0
Value-for-moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product i love Boat company was so GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Osm product best sound, bass every system is fabulous mind-blowing, thnx flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Worth of money......READ MORE,5.0
Best Speaker in this price range... Just loved it.. Must Buy productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Superb good productREAD MORE,4.0
Great sound quality perfect bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent,super.READ MORE",5.0
"After watching & reading several reviews brought this product and must admit that I made perfect decision to buy it.its a monster in it segment, thumps up for Boat for creating just a nice product.Purchased in sale and got it only under Rs 4900/- , very happy and satisfied as current price is 7999/-.its a dream product for bass lover as it output is ground shaking and voice quality is too good from sound bar.the only draw back found is that you cannot off the bass from subwoofer, the only...READ MORE",5.0
Really amazing at this price..... Excellent bass....READ MORE,5.0
Superb quality & mind-blowing experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Decent for this price range....but lot of connectivity issues that too while connecting with HDMI arc...READ MORE,2.0
"Very good product, values for money 💞💞READ MORE",4.0
EXCELLENT SOUND QUALITYSUPER DESIGNSUPER BASSREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Thankyou filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice Product, just Bluetooth connectivity lacks in betweenREAD MORE",4.0
Good sound Bass ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️READ MORE,5.0
🙂 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂 niceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is very clear...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product.. trusted brand..READ MORE,4.0
I am facing connectivity problem.subwoofer got automatically stopped within 15 days of purchaseREAD MORE,2.0
"Very good product. If you are a bass lover, then go for it. Nice build quality and finishing is very sober. Sound quality is the best with HDMI Arc and Bluetooth connected easily.READ MORE",4.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not good. U will not get good bass .i think for  best sound quality Sony is best.READ MORE,3.0
Super super superREAD MORE,5.0
Money is worth for the iteamREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality products ...but where is the battery...READ MORE,5.0
Suberb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product.....we can feel the bass..I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐READ MORE,5.0
Bass is very High it's good quality in thisz price im fully satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Okay for 10 x 20 hallREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing..READ MORE,5.0
Super..bassREAD MORE,4.0
𝓐𝓿𝓮𝓻𝓪𝓰𝓮 𝓼𝓸𝓾𝓷𝓭...READ MORE,3.0
Good product Sound quality is also good. Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Boat is tha bestREAD MORE,5.0
Very very satisfied from this productREAD MORE,5.0
UltimateREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality ❤️Bass quality super love ❤️❤️Boat very good quality ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Very beautiful sound bar sound is owsmBass is too goodThanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is  superb & best sound quality &value for money best productREAD MORE,4.0
Bought it in 3543 Rs.....good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality good company 👌 worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds quality is nothing goodREAD MORE,1.0
It is not deserve one star it deserve 0 star after 15 day not working please do not buy this product waste money.READ MORE,1.0
Good bass nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity issueREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Superb good productREAD MORE,4.0
Great sound quality perfect bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent,super.READ MORE",5.0
"After watching & reading several reviews brought this product and must admit that I made perfect decision to buy it.its a monster in it segment, thumps up for Boat for creating just a nice product.Purchased in sale and got it only under Rs 4900/- , very happy and satisfied as current price is 7999/-.its a dream product for bass lover as it output is ground shaking and voice quality is too good from sound bar.the only draw back found is that you cannot off the bass from subwoofer, the only...READ MORE",5.0
Really amazing at this price..... Excellent bass....READ MORE,5.0
Superb quality & mind-blowing experienceREAD MORE,5.0
"After using 20 days of this product I am writting this review. 1. Sound clarity 4/52. Bass 5/53. Design 4/54. Connectivity 5/55. Features 5/56. Overall 4.5/5Below Rs 9000, this soundbar is best and specially for Bass lovers.Go for it......READ MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesum sound quality.. i m satisfied this productREAD MORE,5.0
Using it from last 6 months and in such price its excellent thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Always Rockzzz boat products ..... Quality product love itREAD MORE,5.0
good product.yas i am happy.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product 👍👍 super sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
The sound system is very nice and disign also very good...it give a threater sound..I am  soo happy to get this product and the sound bar is too long for me but it good for high class home🤗READ MORE,5.0
USB not supportedREAD MORE,1.0
Simply awesome product..READ MORE,5.0
Very nice quality of sound...READ MORE,5.0
Superb 😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Super sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Exlent product with this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Don't expect too loud .. its good as clarity as you hearREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice prodect.READ MORE,5.0
Not sound qulity....and did not concet to hdmi cable....waste waste...........READ MORE,1.0
Good product.. bst sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Super sound quality..bass is good,oral this is the best in this price..READ MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I loved Soundbar best price in flipkart days just 4,999/- it's awesome best sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Sounds not much that i was expectedREAD MORE,3.0
Bass ......amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality exalant productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.. nice sound quality. Awsome..READ MORE,5.0
Best Sound Or Clear voiceREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent music system.I recommend it to all music loverREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound effect. I bought at the rate of 6750 in offer. Good price to buy it...READ MORE,4.0
"Just awesome,  i have been using this for about one month, awesome sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Pros1.Superb Sound -10/102.Build Quality-9/103.Ports-9/10Cons1.Connectivity-7/102.No HDMI Cable provided to connect Anroid TV with SpeakerREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality bestREAD MORE,5.0
I'm also full happy Installation not working demoREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product..... Cheap and best..... I got this 4850/-READ MORE,5.0
Boat avante bar is superb...must buy for price of 5000.....READ MORE,5.0
You won't get disappointed for purchase..only connectivity lags sometimes but you will Forget everything with the mesmarizing sound output...# shakey bassREAD MORE,5.0
The bass is very weakREAD MORE,3.0
"Really nice one, after a lot of research I bought it.READ MORE",5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Fully Satisfied ! 😊READ MORE,5.0
Simply goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very. Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Febolus productREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,4.0
I have purchased boat speaker from the flipkart. I have been used just for 10days the sound is not coming at all.i have purchased so many products from flipkart but it's a waste product. I have trusted the flipkart products but this time all the trust have been gone away.I have waited for 3months to buy the product to get offer in flipkart.I already raised a complaint if they do not do favour to me I will be send pics to all my friends and family members to don't purchase any products from ...READ MORE,1.0
Good sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Good product🤗READ MORE,5.0
Very good SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very badREAD MORE,2.0
Veary GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is fine with the speaker but if the woofer can be connected by bluetooth it would be better(just an opinion) . Sound quality and Bass are very good. I'm satisfied with it.READ MORE,4.0
Superb Boat soundbar tqu flipkart uses AppREAD MORE,5.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound😝READ MORE,5.0
really goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb saund and quiltyREAD MORE,5.0
Good product under 6000rsREAD MORE,3.0
SprbREAD MORE,4.0
Really Good bass and soundREAD MORE,4.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
"It’s been a week now…it’s working fine, satisfied with the product…!!!worthy enough to buy…READ MORE",4.0
UnbelievableREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is lowPrice is highREAD MORE,1.0
Super soundsREAD MORE,5.0
good for bass lovers. Iam well satisfied with this product. Worth for money ...Overall awesome performance.READ MORE,5.0
Value for Money ..Quality product ❤READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product not connectingREAD MORE,1.0
Best product as per the cost of product....... u will never find thistype of  product in this range # 4450/- I boughtREAD MORE,5.0
Must Buy sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality as well bass .build quality is also good at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound effect. I bought at the rate of 6750 in offer. Good price to buy it...READ MORE,4.0
"Just awesome,  i have been using this for about one month, awesome sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Pros1.Superb Sound -10/102.Build Quality-9/103.Ports-9/10Cons1.Connectivity-7/102.No HDMI Cable provided to connect Anroid TV with SpeakerREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality bestREAD MORE,5.0
I'm also full happy Installation not working demoREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product..... Cheap and best..... I got this 4850/-READ MORE,5.0
Boat avante bar is superb...must buy for price of 5000.....READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality and bass very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb , highly recommend, they don't provide hdmi or optical cable that's the only problem I could think of . Design is elegantREAD MORE",5.0
Super Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. Good performance.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Bass bass.for those who love bass Don't have 2nd thought. Go for it🔥. Even bass lovers also can feel this has very high bass. We can adjust bass from -5 to +5. That bass feel when we r watching movie same as in theatre🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome👍😊😊 good product according to priceREAD MORE,4.0
To mach costREAD MORE,2.0
Not gud in tv. use computer to better quality sound.READ MORE,4.0
Gd for listening music ......READ MORE,4.0
Very good item value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for the priceREAD MORE,5.0
Just wowREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is as not expected from boatREAD MORE,3.0
Perfect Sound Clarity..Bass.. Bass.. Bass..READ MORE,5.0
Product is good but sound is low. High sound 45 remot controlREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
The Quality and The Sound Are Awesome with Base Have A Great Product In Home After Long Time In Pamdamec Time #Boat Aavante Bas 2000 160 W Bluetooth SpeakerREAD MORE,5.0
Best base sounds quality.READ MORE,5.0
Very good quality best productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality very poor(bad quality).READ MORE,1.0
Average..READ MORE,3.0
It's not working  properlyREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Bass superREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is good!!READ MORE,4.0
In this price range very good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
VERY NICE.READ MORE,5.0
Sometimes facing Connectivity Issue ... Otherwise everything is boAt......READ MORE,5.0
It is good for this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Sound aswaome...READ MORE,5.0
Bass is great 🙂According to price good product 👍🏻READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product not connectingREAD MORE,1.0
Best product as per the cost of product....... u will never find thistype of  product in this range # 4450/- I boughtREAD MORE,5.0
Must Buy sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality as well bass .build quality is also good at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
At this price good bass and sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
OssamREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is good as expected, device look is good, installation completed following covid protocol Overall good dealREAD MORE",4.0
Good product 👍but not installREAD MORE,5.0
GREAT ! GOOD SOUND QUALITY!READ MORE,4.0
Suber bassREAD MORE,3.0
Not installedREAD MORE,1.0
Very good sounds and bass very nice 😊👏READ MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Beat boat everKadak brandREAD MORE,4.0
Connectivity issueREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
More then you expect.READ MORE,5.0
Don't  buy  this  product..  4 days  after bluetooth  not work ing.it is badREAD MORE,3.0
"Good sound quality love it thank you flicart ,value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
HaveyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product ...sound is very awesome.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
It has been doing well.As a product getter am pleased with this product....bass and 3d sounds could b slightly more...and important is there is no people coming  to fix it in wall...it should b concernedREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing boat speaker i livet this bass  Smooth experience nic quantity baotI love this product cristl crear super This product me rating 4/5Thank you flipcart👍READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, good sound quality, the only problem was the technician who came for installation was not good. He told that our television is not a smart tv and it doesn’t have HDMI and aux connectivity and left. Later I remove TV from wall mount and connected through AUX. I even tried to return the speakers hearing the technician words. But due to non return policy I couldn’t.READ MORE",5.0
Quality 1 noREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product. I am satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
Sound and bass nic super soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best in range.I got @3999READ MORE,4.0
I love this product sound quality awesome and powerfull bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good 🙂🙃READ MORE,5.0
Very bad product received .. flipkart is not installing the product and not replacing it... Very badREAD MORE,1.0
"Best quality sound bar,READ MORE",5.0
I felt just ok the bass makes full of noise soundREAD MORE,2.0
Awesome Sound very sweet voice with great bass. Only one draw back is that not have HDMI Port.READ MORE,5.0
Wonderful purchase from Flipkart with Boat. It's a worth of money. Sound quality for a normal single room is awesome. Bass is good. Sound clarity is very nice.READ MORE,5.0
It's very good in design. Sound is superb. Balance of base and terrible is good. Only disappointed for the power adaptor outside the bar.READ MORE,5.0
Sub Huffar sounds good but bar sounds bad....READ MORE,3.0
Wonderfull excellent soundREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product good delivery thanks flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Loved it. Bass is room shaking highly recommended for budget users to get a premium feelREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
It is awesome.. Bass quality simply superb.. worth buying it.. go far it..READ MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality very poorREAD MORE,1.0
Good price and good productREAD MORE,5.0
Ground shaking bass .I never expected awesome value for sound quality is excellent like theatreREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.....it's good productREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD ONE . GO FOR IT.READ MORE,5.0
Osm productsExcellent soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Good product 👍but not installREAD MORE,5.0
GREAT ! GOOD SOUND QUALITY!READ MORE,4.0
Suber bassREAD MORE,3.0
Nice performance...we have to buy hdmi/optical cable to connect which is not included in the box..READ MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Happy with the purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Sound good but Bass is very highREAD MORE,3.0
It's amazing😍READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought boat bar 1550 so woofer came wired, clear sound, bass is good, vokal is good, over all get itREAD MORE",5.0
Gud one product sound quality is good but bass quality is not okREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product ...sound is very awesome.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
It has been doing well.As a product getter am pleased with this product....bass and 3d sounds could b slightly more...and important is there is no people coming  to fix it in wall...it should b concernedREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing boat speaker i livet this bass  Smooth experience nic quantity baotI love this product cristl crear super This product me rating 4/5Thank you flipcart👍READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, good sound quality, the only problem was the technician who came for installation was not good. He told that our television is not a smart tv and it doesn’t have HDMI and aux connectivity and left. Later I remove TV from wall mount and connected through AUX. I even tried to return the speakers hearing the technician words. But due to non return policy I couldn’t.READ MORE",5.0
Quality 1 noREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product. I am satisfied.READ MORE,4.0
Sound and bass nic super soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product 5hank youREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound quality Bass excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Average speaker system,  high bass disturbing to hear dialogues.  When u switch on speaker if its USB pen drive inserted in speaker, play on high sound automatically.  I feel high price .READ MORE",4.0
Sound quality is very good and bass was osam and this is good product and i didn't expect this type of bass boat products are so good it's  marvelous . Value for money is so goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's supperREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity feature may be improved.READ MORE,5.0
Worst sound quality... Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome sound experience....good productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound ok a bluetooth connection very superREAD MORE,5.0
Over all goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product..special the bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bast productREAD MORE,4.0
I really luved this product a lot and sound clarity was tooo goood 🥰🥰🥰only the problem was they were not gvng hdm cable .READ MORE,5.0
Product is very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"It's good but audio delay problem.. like, if nothing play through the bar under 5 sec.  It's like hibernates itself and the next anything you play will be delay for 1 or 2 sec. But no problem on HDMI and BluetoothREAD MORE",4.0
"Bluetooth connectivity not good, rest all fineREAD MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very very bad.... Product...disaster item Don't by after see paid reviews it will disappoint youREAD MORE,1.0
Is really good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing sound quality, super bassREAD MORE",5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Issue with Connection while connecting to Tv with hdmi cableREAD MORE,1.0
its is a value for money deal and really good quality tREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good boss and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product i love it......READ MORE,4.0
Best soundREAD MORE,5.0
Happy with the purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Sound good but Bass is very highREAD MORE,3.0
It's amazing😍READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought boat bar 1550 so woofer came wired, clear sound, bass is good, vokal is good, over all get itREAD MORE",5.0
Gud one product sound quality is good but bass quality is not okREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 💥READ MORE,5.0
Nice soundbard... Could have been better if optical input was availableREAD MORE,5.0
Very beautiful voice and bessREAD MORE,5.0
Got a very nice product boat aavante bar 1550 120W Perfect bass and nice sound and Bluetooth connectivity is very fastREAD MORE,5.0
Very good Design Very Good soundVery Nice BaseREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,1.0
Connectivity not perfect other vise good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good BassREAD MORE,4.0
Just Awesome Bass😍😍😍😍😍😍Super Sound😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Awsome Product. I love this Boat Avante 2000 160w bar. I connect with my Pc & really good sounds quality & impressive. I recommend buy this product .READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality not good, Compare to Sound Bar, TV Sound is More.READ MORE",1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It's cool 😍 really it's amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,4.0
Hdmr cable note available in this boxREAD MORE,4.0
HDMI/optical cable should  be given in the boxREAD MORE,3.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Superb but more sound neededREAD MORE,5.0
Good for music in movies vocal are not clear bass dominate the vocal. Left speakers stop working after 10days. Not a recommended product go with sony or any other brand. Quality issue with this product.READ MORE,1.0
The sound is not high it's normalREAD MORE,2.0
I love this productREAD MORE,5.0
Good not badREAD MORE,4.0
Highly recommend.Superb sound. And Bass is awesome.Must go for it. Best in the price range. Remote is smooth and user friendly.Only one issues : don't have selection display of inputs. U have to identify with the display light.Red- OffGreen - Aux or HDMIYellow - USBBut its manageable.READ MORE,5.0
I got it 4950 form flipkart...thanks to flipkart..great productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound and built quality in this price Will recommendREAD MORE,4.0
Sounds quality good. Bass goodREAD MORE,5.0
worst product.dont buy these product.once u buy they did not give refund or replaced if the product damaged.worst sound and bass quality.all positive reviews are 160w sound bar not 120w and 80w sound bar.dont buy 80w and 120w sound bar.READ MORE,1.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
Sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best as compared to JBLREAD MORE,5.0
Osmmm Don't thinkGo for it🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
It's good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice thanks FLIPKART⭐READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Issue with Connection while connecting to Tv with hdmi cableREAD MORE,1.0
its is a value for money deal and really good quality tREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good boss and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product i love it......READ MORE,4.0
Best soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Have mixed feelings ,loudness is not proportional to the volume .sound separation is bad .I boosted the treble to get decent dialogue enhancement . At 6k I guess it's still a good device except the bass heavy signature suppressing every detail .READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Product is awesome.sound quality is Very good.connectivity is also excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent for this amountREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall it is a nyc product,but its a big lag when u will connect it to HDMI.... it's not works in HDMIREAD MORE",3.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Not bad KREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product in this price range. Boat never fail!!READ MORE,5.0
Very good product & soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
awesome product..bass is very well.. sound quality is better..READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good and excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundbar this price range. 🔊 very loud and good quality. But connectivity is very poor.READ MORE,4.0
Installation is so late otherwise good.READ MORE,5.0
The sound quality is not up to the mark. Bass is more. Voice is not that clear.READ MORE,3.0
"It is not good as I aspect it's bass and sound not loud and punchy ,if i minimize the bass -5 till over power the music's and vocal is dull by the bassREAD MORE",1.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product very nice bass and clear sound bass lover go for itREAD MORE,5.0
I would like to take this price one more time  boat Aavante Bar 1550 120 w bluetooth soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Superb but more sound neededREAD MORE,5.0
Good for music in movies vocal are not clear bass dominate the vocal. Left speakers stop working after 10days. Not a recommended product go with sony or any other brand. Quality issue with this product.READ MORE,1.0
The sound is not high it's normalREAD MORE,2.0
I love this productREAD MORE,5.0
Good not badREAD MORE,4.0
Highly recommend.Superb sound. And Bass is awesome.Must go for it. Best in the price range. Remote is smooth and user friendly.Only one issues : don't have selection display of inputs. U have to identify with the display light.Red- OffGreen - Aux or HDMIYellow - USBBut its manageable.READ MORE,5.0
I got it 4950 form flipkart...thanks to flipkart..great productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound and built quality in this price Will recommendREAD MORE,4.0
Sounds quality good. Bass goodREAD MORE,5.0
worst product.dont buy these product.once u buy they did not give refund or replaced if the product damaged.worst sound and bass quality.all positive reviews are 160w sound bar not 120w and 80w sound bar.dont buy 80w and 120w sound bar.READ MORE,1.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
Sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best as compared to JBLREAD MORE,5.0
Osmmm Don't thinkGo for it🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
It's good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice thanks FLIPKART⭐READ MORE,5.0
Bass quality is super for small size roomREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks flipkart for this productREAD MORE,5.0
Started giving problem from day 7.Wireless woofer unit of Avante 2000 is playing in an uninterrupted manner. Most of the times it's not getting signal at all and the rest of the time the bass is increasing and dropping in the subwoofer unit.READ MORE,1.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
This seller worst and don't buy this product.  Base and volume only 35 so you will not get the feel of itREAD MORE,1.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Bass & sound is awesome.Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is fatatiREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodaktREAD MORE,5.0
Ok ok product buy it if u get it for 4500READ MORE,1.0
Very good sound quality with excellent bass. Sound clarity is also nice.READ MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Simply goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product.Sound and base full on fire🔥.I love this product and feature are good.I can say that the sound quality was excellent.LOVED THE PRODUCT❤READ MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and bass is very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It’s awesome....Voice is too gudREAD MORE,5.0
Dear sir10/5/2021At installation period the technician unboxed the product and checked but the right side of the soundbar was not working. After that the technician did not even packed the product and left away.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product.thak you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Ground shaking boofer awesome sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Product is very good👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is GoodBuild design is GoodConnectivity AverageGood Buy At 5400READ MORE,5.0
Screws missing for wall mounting otherwise quality is goodREAD MORE,3.0
good Product but sound must be moreREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound and baseREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm productREAD MORE,3.0
Sound is not good at high valumeREAD MORE,1.0
Osm Looking and osm soundsREAD MORE,5.0
good pradoshREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound🔊🔊🔊 effectREAD MORE,5.0
4500 k productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Installation is very badREAD MORE,3.0
"Great quality and base and I will say one thing, you can take a look at LoveU Flipkart......READ MORE",5.0
Excellent clear  surround sound bass very good best quality products boat thank you Flipkart sellerREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent👍READ MORE,5.0
Very nice products and very powerful bass and very nice clearly sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Bass 💯 value for money 💯READ MORE,5.0
vry goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product 👍 sound is crystal clear.READ MORE,5.0
"The sound is not good, it's too bassy. Cannot hear vocals while watching movies, only loud bass. Movie watching experience is ruined as one can hear only loud bass music. It's a piece of junk now.Update: The issue was with Aux cable that came with package, sounds good while connected via BluetoothREAD MORE",3.0
Every one is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
"Sound is ok.normal stereo sound ,don't expect digital sounds and surround sound. ok but this old model this price range Dolby digital sound bar is purchase.READ MORE",4.0
Super Super SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product,the sound quality is brilliant,love this productREAD MORE",5.0
Installation is nat good workREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome experience😍READ MORE,5.0
Bass & sound is awesome.Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is fatatiREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodaktREAD MORE,5.0
Ok ok product buy it if u get it for 4500READ MORE,1.0
Very good sound quality with excellent bass. Sound clarity is also nice.READ MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Simply goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product.Sound and base full on fire🔥.I love this product and feature are good.I can say that the sound quality was excellent.LOVED THE PRODUCT❤READ MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and bass is very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It’s awesome....Voice is too gudREAD MORE,5.0
Dear sir10/5/2021At installation period the technician unboxed the product and checked but the right side of the soundbar was not working. After that the technician did not even packed the product and left away.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product.thak you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Ground shaking boofer awesome sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Product is very good👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is GoodBuild design is GoodConnectivity AverageGood Buy At 5400READ MORE,5.0
Screws missing for wall mounting otherwise quality is goodREAD MORE,3.0
good Product but sound must be moreREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound and baseREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm productREAD MORE,3.0
Sound is not good at high valumeREAD MORE,1.0
Osm Looking and osm soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality...READ MORE,5.0
Not as expected....READ MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Great deal . Best sound bar with dedicated sub at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is superbREAD MORE,5.0
Really awesome product.. ground shaking sub woofer . We can levelup the bass. It's a wonderful gift for bass lovers like me .READ MORE,5.0
Best soundREAD MORE,3.0
Very good product in budget.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productI bought from big saving day @4999READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst soundbar its doesn't connected to TV because AUX cable is not working properly....don't buy without bluetooth option to TV .READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
"Sound is ok.normal stereo sound ,don't expect digital sounds and surround sound. ok but this old model this price range Dolby digital sound bar is purchase.READ MORE",4.0
Super Super SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product,the sound quality is brilliant,love this productREAD MORE",5.0
Installation is nat good workREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome experience😍READ MORE,5.0
160watt is too bad....even I can't get a option to change thisREAD MORE,1.0
Very good Product.READ MORE,5.0
Beautiful 😍 very nice Thanks flipkardREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bass 👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice product 👍READ MORE,5.0
Good Quality It will be sufficient for mini Home 160 W is best than 360 WDon't go with samsung go with boat ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is very good product very quality so happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Some how ok, but using AUX sound is very lowREAD MORE",3.0
Perfect ok. Good quality product. Super bass. Super design and finish. Best product. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
I love boat sound bar 1550 120w.READ MORE,5.0
"Sooperb product, feel good music listen,quality and design very good , fast delivery in kerala after a misunderstanding, sound quality is great, i got 4999, good price and good choice, thnx FK team and EKART teamREAD MORE",5.0
Don't buy this from Flipkart as In normal days it's price remain down and in flipkart special days it's price gets more.No one from Flipkart will respond u. Every care person will give different answers.READ MORE,1.0
excellent jiREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
"good product at this price range, sound quality is awesome but bass is not so high.. overall good u can enjoy partyREAD MORE",4.0
Super product from flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Superb music and best for home,READ MORE",5.0
All positions super but battery backup is not theirREAD MORE,5.0
Sound Quality & Base both are Awesome....👌Go For it😉READ MORE,5.0
Quite Good sounds almost meet our requirements and look wise excellent.READ MORE,4.0
Heavy bass..We can not reduce the bass volume though they have given in the remote.Bass volume is dominated other vocal sounds....I really feel very bad about this product..I just bought this product because of reviews.I will be selling this in olx ..READ MORE,1.0
Amezing product I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
Butter for the valuable of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It's sound quality is too bad. It's worst product.READ MORE,1.0
Looking good sound quality is very good... Good courier serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product received from Flipkart thanks. Super sound quality and all are superb just 5 hrs ago I received.READ MORE,5.0
Good Home theaterREAD MORE,5.0
Great deal . Best sound bar with dedicated sub at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is superbREAD MORE,5.0
Really awesome product.. ground shaking sub woofer . We can levelup the bass. It's a wonderful gift for bass lovers like me .READ MORE,5.0
Best soundREAD MORE,3.0
Very good product in budget.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productI bought from big saving day @4999READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst soundbar its doesn't connected to TV because AUX cable is not working properly....don't buy without bluetooth option to TV .READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Bluetooth getting fluctuate while connecting to Android tv, tv program is running smoothly, but out voice get struck sometimes, kindly suggest or resolve the issue, even Prime videos get struck while connecting on TVREAD MORE",4.0
LED Display Not Working ProperlyREAD MORE,1.0
Fast delivery and installation all so goodThanks to Flipkart...Very nice sound effect 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound.Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic product bass is very nice and ground shaking boat is best...READ MORE,5.0
"No doubt on boat product awesome soundbar at reasonable Price. Only Connectivity issue in bluetooth mode and have limited connectivity, not having HDMIarc (give better quality and futuristic connection, in future all home theaters, soundbars etc come with only HDMIarc) & optical mode.So while buying any soundbar so necessarily consider connectivity option.READ MORE",4.0
Good luck And quality best sound nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Very bad, weast of money..READ MORE",1.0
Just Simply Awesome!!! Clarity Bass everythingREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass sound quality not much good heavy bassSong build quality is goodREAD MORE,2.0
"Overall the soundbar is good, and niceREAD MORE",5.0
Sound quality is very goodBt I found some technical issues to connect to TV the hdmi cable doesn't work properly some times connect some time not this is the major problem to use for TVOtherwise very well in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
sexyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 😃😃😃😘READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality 😍 I am just the fan of boat ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Great I loved it....READ MORE,5.0
First of all my english is little bit poor or i should say very poor so sorry in advance 😅                         My experience1 Bass:- I have to say bass is very loud and thumpy i really liked it.2 sound:- sound is great it's very clear and amazing3 build quality:- Soundbar build quality is good but subwoofer build quality is not that Good i m little bit worried about subwoofer build quality what i am saying is Boat have used clothing for subwoofer i also have Panasonic subwoofer an...READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this price range 👌READ MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Extraordinary itemREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product from Boat 😘Vocal for local 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product boat finally bought the boat aavante bar 1550 120w for good review in the market who are looking for good music can blindly go for it almost awesome the product like a small theater in home timely delivered and installation flipkart ❤ amazing 👍😍🤩 happy this product✌READ MORE,5.0
It's an amazing sound bar...Bass lovers blindly go for it..Nd value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product.........👍READ MORE,5.0
"Best in the price, Superb sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Best quality product thank you flipkart deliverd in tough time safelyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product with good bass and treble and good installation was done😁😁READ MORE,5.0
Bass lovers go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is super....bass is awesome........remote is also good......but if boat provide numbers on remote then  it is a master piece....but IAM very happy🤩😍🥰🥰🥰.......READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👌READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is not  fitting in box ------ 60w speaker very poor in sound barREAD MORE,1.0
"Just wow I m waiting for this offer since 6/7months ,,, finelyREAD MORE",5.0
Late delivery but product is good.i love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, mounting features can be better located on sides or on top.Also hdmi, aux and sub woofer connecting ports are not easily accessible while using wall mounting option.READ MORE",5.0
Worth of money.. very good choice..READ MORE,5.0
Everything is perfect and good sound system for home...same feeling like home theatre.But concern is for MI TV box getting Bluetooth vice break issue but mobile device Bluetooth is perfectREAD MORE,5.0
💋love it🔥💥💥💥READ MORE,5.0
Super cool 😎👌👍😍👏😊READ MORE,5.0
Aswome productREAD MORE,5.0
Spr awesome thanks for flipkart. all boat products spr sound quality 👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
It's good productREAD MORE,5.0
How to connect sound bar with woofer.While switching on back side of the woofer displays blue light.After sometime it turns to red.I cannot hear the voice clearly from tv.READ MORE,4.0
Bass and sound bar has been Connecting problemREAD MORE,3.0
Nice spekeo nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Installation person polite and clam good decent work happy with jeevs installationREAD MORE,5.0
"After using one week, I found this product is very good. Suficient for medium hall.READ MORE",4.0
The only thing u can experience is bass Cinematic experience of soundNothing elseBut 80w subwoffer is massiveREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Pocket friendly nice product..READ MORE,5.0
I got boat Ave 1550 model I think everything gud and awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
sexyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 😃😃😃😘READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality 😍 I am just the fan of boat ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Great I loved it....READ MORE,5.0
Boat is excellent company sound bar is 80wSub-woofer is 40 wREAD MORE,5.0
Bad bad bad bad bad badREAD MORE,1.0
Sound is very  pleasant  nd balanced . Bass is loud also deep. I personally liked very much. It adore your room with different beauty and different feeling....READ MORE,5.0
Satisfied with the purchase.READ MORE,5.0
"Best Product Ever, Love It.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product.. ❤️thanks boat and thanks flipkart 🙏 perfect size sound bar for 43inch ..bess❤️😘 highly recommend 👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Its not supporting for VU TV, bass and sound is very low.READ MORE",2.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Gud quality soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product and good soundREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Awasome products form boat i love its sounds and bass and its bulid qualityREAD MORE,5.0
For bass loversREAD MORE,5.0
Very awesome super bass best quality flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Ghaint product Full BaseSound quality BestREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent soundbar I love didREAD MORE,5.0
Good worthableREAD MORE,5.0
Improve designREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice and sound quality bass is the good,READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is not  fitting in box ------ 60w speaker very poor in sound barREAD MORE,1.0
"Just wow I m waiting for this offer since 6/7months ,,, finelyREAD MORE",5.0
Late delivery but product is good.i love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, mounting features can be better located on sides or on top.Also hdmi, aux and sub woofer connecting ports are not easily accessible while using wall mounting option.READ MORE",5.0
Worth of money.. very good choice..READ MORE,5.0
Everything is perfect and good sound system for home...same feeling like home theatre.But concern is for MI TV box getting Bluetooth vice break issue but mobile device Bluetooth is perfectREAD MORE,5.0
💋love it🔥💥💥💥READ MORE,5.0
Super cool 😎👌👍😍👏😊READ MORE,5.0
Aswome productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality and bass love it 👌READ MORE,5.0
Extraordinary bass...Super sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good product... Love it... Bt Bluetooth range is shortREAD MORE,4.0
Not connecting for tvREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in marketREAD MORE,5.0
Good nice sREAD MORE,4.0
Boat awesome bass ok good soundREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome but my TV s Sony bravia. So the issue is with the TV. Its best for only smart TV 👍🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
It is working Aswome working good 👍READ MORE,4.0
Nice one but installation not requiredREAD MORE,5.0
I'm really happy and it's very goodREAD MORE,5.0
The product is really awesome i loved the sound and base liked and loved it..!READ MORE,5.0
Ausome sound in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is excellent company sound bar is 80wSub-woofer is 40 wREAD MORE,5.0
Bad bad bad bad bad badREAD MORE,1.0
Sound is very  pleasant  nd balanced . Bass is loud also deep. I personally liked very much. It adore your room with different beauty and different feeling....READ MORE,5.0
Satisfied with the purchase.READ MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
Worth money Bass awesome 😎READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound... Best in marketREAD MORE,5.0
Product super but sound clarity small disturbance Over all product excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound... I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing sound....value for money....a perfect home Bar.....READ MORE,5.0
"Good value for money. Bass is a bit less but overall, a good sound system for the given price.READ MORE",5.0
Not probably intall.   Am very upset am daily updates this issue But not responding I returned my orderREAD MORE,1.0
It is too expensiveREAD MORE,5.0
Not came for installation till now so I am not be satisfied with this product.READ MORE,1.0
Very good product and nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
The sound is very bestREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Best one of themREAD MORE,5.0
Waste product ...READ MORE,1.0
Awesome Sound quality...READ MORE,5.0
Al ways good product In this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Awsome sound quality....Bass is 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Really its awesome under this price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Good product feom boatREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality and bass love it 👌READ MORE,5.0
Extraordinary bass...Super sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound also done superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceAt time of installation nuts came to home without any knowledge attept to installAfter long discussion  with flipcart and follow-up did thing fixREAD MORE,4.0
Yup u can go for it it's worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Only for bass loversREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
This boat avante 1550 is super soundbar in rs 6000. Bass is mind blowing but vocal needs to be improved ... overall no problem in sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Not satisfiedREAD MORE,1.0
Worth for money must buy....Got it in Rs. 4999/-READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product happy with the productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Sound 🔊 is Awesome 💯 😍READ MORE,5.0
The sound quantity is very good but I can't hear 8d soundREAD MORE,4.0
Only one negative is  connectivity issue remaining all superREAD MORE,4.0
Veary bad product don't buy this productREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Ok for one room ....READ MORE,4.0
Product super but sound clarity small disturbance Over all product excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound... I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing sound....value for money....a perfect home Bar.....READ MORE,5.0
"Good value for money. Bass is a bit less but overall, a good sound system for the given price.READ MORE",5.0
Not probably intall.   Am very upset am daily updates this issue But not responding I returned my orderREAD MORE,1.0
It is too expensiveREAD MORE,5.0
Not came for installation till now so I am not be satisfied with this product.READ MORE,1.0
Very good product and nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
The sound is very bestREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Best one of themREAD MORE,5.0
Waste product ...READ MORE,1.0
Awesome Sound quality...READ MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
"Worth buy,Value For Money.Great, Awesome Bass effect.Using for last 6 Month.READ MORE",5.0
V goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good products bestREAD MORE,5.0
"The ports for input and out put should be clearly mentioned in the specifications, I couldn't attach the sound bar to tv as there was no hdmi port in it. So purpose of buying was not metREAD MORE",2.0
Sound quality very poor. Sound  fluctuates in same sound track . not getting a balanced output sound.READ MORE,1.0
Very nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is to high sound quality is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound 🔊 I love it ❤READ MORE,4.0
Very nice 👌 🆗 😊 superREAD MORE,5.0
Yup u can go for it it's worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Only for bass loversREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
This boat avante 1550 is super soundbar in rs 6000. Bass is mind blowing but vocal needs to be improved ... overall no problem in sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Not satisfiedREAD MORE,1.0
Worth for money must buy....Got it in Rs. 4999/-READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product happy with the productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Sound 🔊 is Awesome 💯 😍READ MORE,5.0
The sound quantity is very good but I can't hear 8d soundREAD MORE,4.0
Only one negative is  connectivity issue remaining all superREAD MORE,4.0
Veary bad product don't buy this productREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Ok for one room ....READ MORE,4.0
I bought Rs. 8999/- Very nice sound bar but Bluetooth connecting very bad price also little high but very good sound barREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Remote stopped working after 6 months. Normally using in a room and not able start stop using remote also can neither switch between usb and blutooth nor up and down bass treble 😭😭😭😭READ MORE,1.0
Super soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super bass and super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Best thing is the wireless connectivity between sub woofer and bar. You can place woofer any where in the room where you get the best sound. Display is on the bar but not on woofer, which also makes woofer independent and you can place anywhere. Remote quality is a little poor but overall project performance is amazing, which matters most!READ MORE",5.0
Most worst product.Dont buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
Sound bar(160w) is Very Good ..Bass is owsum. It shakes my whole Floor. Loved it. Delivery was good and Installation was also Good. .:) :)Value for money..Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
This is a zental sound for homeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome from Boat Very nice product for all the music lovers It’s bass was feels like u are in theatresSounds and bass both are brilliant At this price range sound like this feels u awesomeAlso Thankful to Flipkart that gives delivered it in 2 days😇😇😇😇Writing this review after 2 weeks of usage so don’t think just go for it...👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound!!READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Exlent soundsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome as always... Boat rockREAD MORE,5.0
"Didn't like the sound quality, my 20w TV gives better sound than speaker but Boofer quality is very good.READ MORE",2.0
Great design; punchier sound quality; awesome thumping bass. You feel that sound like a real theater in your home....Go & buy it now...READ MORE,5.0
"The ports for input and out put should be clearly mentioned in the specifications, I couldn't attach the sound bar to tv as there was no hdmi port in it. So purpose of buying was not metREAD MORE",2.0
Sound quality very poor. Sound  fluctuates in same sound track . not getting a balanced output sound.READ MORE,1.0
Very nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is to high sound quality is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound 🔊 I love it ❤READ MORE,4.0
Very nice 👌 🆗 😊 superREAD MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Got defective product. And also i cannot Connect it to my TVREAD MORE,1.0
Sound quality is very good. But some scratches in the barREAD MORE,4.0
It is a superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound in 7000 ...thanks flipkart and also boat .....love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent design sounds quality superREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality super 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
In some contents sound quality is low apart from that it's a good soundhar at this prize works well with arc facilityREAD MORE,5.0
The woofers are wireless and doesn't provide any synchronisationREAD MORE,2.0
Unbelievable soundREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Good base and clear sound clarityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Install perfectly done, demo OKREAD MORE",5.0
"Boat Avant Bar 2000 160 watts! I saw a lot of reviews and then took this sound bar.This is a cool sound bar, the bass is absolutely super powerful and clean.Listening makes the heart happy.And the 3D sound is absolutely cool and clean.READ MORE",5.0
Good product...READ MORE,4.0
Very good kwalityREAD MORE,5.0
"excellent product , just value for money . very good package .READ MORE",5.0
"Best sound bar ,🙏READ MORE",5.0
"I purchased just last week..in one week I found that Bass is superb compare to other brand but in sound quality it should be more clear, and remote quality also boat should improved...READ MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's really awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Most worst product.Dont buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
Sound bar(160w) is Very Good ..Bass is owsum. It shakes my whole Floor. Loved it. Delivery was good and Installation was also Good. .:) :)Value for money..Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
This is a zental sound for homeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome from Boat Very nice product for all the music lovers It’s bass was feels like u are in theatresSounds and bass both are brilliant At this price range sound like this feels u awesomeAlso Thankful to Flipkart that gives delivered it in 2 days😇😇😇😇Writing this review after 2 weeks of usage so don’t think just go for it...👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound!!READ MORE,5.0
I love this soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent base.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
I was hesitant and doubtful until the product came and i heard it. I have JBL soundBAR at home and it is super amazing. This is the first time I bought BOAT because of budget constraints. But BOAT blew my mind. I got the product for 5849 after citibank card discount. When i heard the sound quality i was taken aback with the quality of it for that price range. It sounds almost equally good to my JBL 3.1 and harman SB26. I suggest anyone with a budget below 6k blindly go for it. Just with a lit...READ MORE,5.0
"Some time not connected to mobile,Connecting cable was very short,When I was using youtube that sound was not clear and breaking , offline sound was awesomeREAD MORE",3.0
Low depth of bassREAD MORE,2.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is awasome sound quality is goodREAD MORE,3.0
"Doesn't connecting with hdml and optical cable with both cables works only 2 days, if we connect with Bluetooth tv sound doesn't meet our expectationsREAD MORE",1.0
SuparbREAD MORE,5.0
Soundbar is awesome. Bass is best. But the prblm is to Connect with mi tv with HDMI. Automatic disconnect after power off.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome product writing this review after 5 months.Go for it guys it's totally value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and there is no waste of moneyEvery one must have itREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Super 🤗🤗🤗READ MORE,5.0
Excellent💯READ MORE,5.0
The sound is good and quality is aslo very nice. Worth of its priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and resonableREAD MORE,5.0
Full hard Bass and product is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
In some contents sound quality is low apart from that it's a good soundhar at this prize works well with arc facilityREAD MORE,5.0
The woofers are wireless and doesn't provide any synchronisationREAD MORE,2.0
Unbelievable soundREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Good base and clear sound clarityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Install perfectly done, demo OKREAD MORE",5.0
"Boat Avant Bar 2000 160 watts! I saw a lot of reviews and then took this sound bar.This is a cool sound bar, the bass is absolutely super powerful and clean.Listening makes the heart happy.And the 3D sound is absolutely cool and clean.READ MORE",5.0
Good product...READ MORE,4.0
Base is owsemeREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you boat .... very good sound and bass.... I like it....READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound quality and bass, i tried my sound system before but all were average. When I used this it seriously gave happiness that i did no waste my money.READ MORE",4.0
Nice product👍READ MORE,4.0
This product is great sound quality is great....READ MORE,5.0
"Loudness is low, rest okREAD MORE",4.0
Best in quality speakerREAD MORE,5.0
Bass King awesome Bar from Boat so farREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Installation not done goodREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Installation.  ErrorREAD MORE,4.0
Very good prodectREAD MORE,5.0
"I really loved it,  the base is powerfull,  it shakes the neighbours rooms aswell,  much more them expectation,  love itREAD MORE",5.0
Wow....READ MORE,5.0
Not up to markREAD MORE,3.0
Superb product for this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks youREAD MORE,5.0
Best in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class product. Sound clarity Awesome after 1 month use. We loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Osam quality love itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product writing this review after 5 months.Go for it guys it's totally value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and there is no waste of moneyEvery one must have itREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌 productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best boat product its bass is superb and very loud sound and very high trble .When i play it in full sound the window start vibratingVery nice product ❤️Must buy❤️It is a best value for money product❤️It is the best sound bar i ever seen❤️If you are looking for a sound bar this is the best option❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality & Bass is Excellent, but I am having issue of HDMI ARC connection, Let me know if there is any solution. My TV is LG UN7300. Thanks Flipkart for delivery on time.READ MORE",5.0
Bass is extremeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound output & Bass was average.  didn't include any other connections cable except aux.READ MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality and awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Compare to other it good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good and niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Speedy installationREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,4.0
I love this speakersREAD MORE,4.0
Best quiltyREAD MORE,5.0
Very very very good productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
Superb music system under 5kREAD MORE,4.0
Boat sound bar is really goodREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is all good and installer behaveor is good overall thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Ok gdREAD MORE,3.0
All is goodREAD MORE,5.0
The sound quality is very rich. Bass is so good that my whole room literally vibrates. Connectivity is also good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome products.Really love it 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
"Good but I think Dolby sound is better than 3d sound, but good below 10kREAD MORE",4.0
Soynd quality is too poorREAD MORE,2.0
I jUST say it is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
All over good...but not provided coaxial cable.. Iam dispinted flipkart. Why dont provide coaxial cable.READ MORE,5.0
Nice..READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"A must buy product, I would recommend this product.READ MORE",4.0
Super....bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Initially i got the product, sound bar missing in that. Then they accepted for the replacement. However it took longer wait time than I expected. The sound bar quality is good, like everyone said connectivity issue is the only problem in this.READ MORE",4.0
connectivity problem don't buy this product Sound quality is poorREAD MORE,1.0
Just nowBeautiful experience.. love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Super base and sound quality, simply awesome.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"You will get excellent sound qualityExcellent bassExcellent designOnly the negative review has even at zero or -5 bass, they have high amount of bass, sometime during watching movie ( nowadays synsound movies are common ) so the vocals from the actors may not crystal clear due to high bassExpect these problem soundbar is excellentREAD MORE",4.0
Very Nice Quality Value for MoneyREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice product.Enjoying the musicREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad experience with installation n demo. No product knowledge.READ MORE,1.0
Sound quality not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice but sound lowREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌 productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best boat product its bass is superb and very loud sound and very high trble .When i play it in full sound the window start vibratingVery nice product ❤️Must buy❤️It is a best value for money product❤️It is the best sound bar i ever seen❤️If you are looking for a sound bar this is the best option❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality & Bass is Excellent, but I am having issue of HDMI ARC connection, Let me know if there is any solution. My TV is LG UN7300. Thanks Flipkart for delivery on time.READ MORE",5.0
Bass is extremeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound output & Bass was average.  didn't include any other connections cable except aux.READ MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality and awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Compare to other it good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good and niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Speedy installationREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,4.0
I love this speakersREAD MORE,4.0
Best quiltyREAD MORE,5.0
Very very very good productREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
Superb music system under 5kREAD MORE,4.0
Boat sound bar is really goodREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is all good and installer behaveor is good overall thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Ok gdREAD MORE,3.0
All is goodREAD MORE,5.0
The sound quality is very rich. Bass is so good that my whole room literally vibrates. Connectivity is also good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
"Great one to buy. Good sound, Bass and Quality.READ MORE",4.0
Superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,4.0
With in one sound has gone waste of money don't buy worst productREAD MORE,1.0
Super sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is low but quality is first classREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this product very bad don't waste your money on this connectivity issues unable to connect with HDMI cable and Bluetooth also dropping I wish I can give negetive markingREAD MORE,1.0
Very very nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super....bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Initially i got the product, sound bar missing in that. Then they accepted for the replacement. However it took longer wait time than I expected. The sound bar quality is good, like everyone said connectivity issue is the only problem in this.READ MORE",4.0
connectivity problem don't buy this product Sound quality is poorREAD MORE,1.0
Just nowBeautiful experience.. love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Super base and sound quality, simply awesome.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
1.overall good.READ MORE,5.0
I got the product with defective woofers . Person who came to install it hadn't did his job well and left without properly operating it .Highly disappointedREAD MORE,1.0
Awosme ❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
Wow! This sound system will blow your mind with the sound and bass quality! Loved the product..READ MORE,5.0
"I m facing problem with this product not even boAt is helping me out I have registered complaint on there website , then also yeh are not helping me out worse experience everREAD MORE",1.0
worse connectivityREAD MORE,1.0
Good product.. value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
After 6 month palying good than Bass not workingREAD MORE,3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product fastest deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
UoREAD MORE,5.0
poor connectivity even in 4 meter radiuswoofer keeps disconnectingREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Its feel like you are in theaterREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing product ☺️READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy music system worthREAD MORE,5.0
Good product sound ok and bass goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice working..nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
In this price range that's the great sound bar. The audio quality in high frequency range is mild cracking. Bass is ok with this price range connectivity using HDMI with TV is recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
You u looking for a bass centric sound bar then definitely look for it but sometimes it will provide unnecessary bass.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
No word'sREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and base very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb sound quality i have ever seen, bass is ultimate in 80W and it's more powerful than I expected. Design also very nice looks like premium design, Thank-you flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product,sound clarity is superREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
"Great one to buy. Good sound, Bass and Quality.READ MORE",4.0
Superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,4.0
With in one sound has gone waste of money don't buy worst productREAD MORE,1.0
Super sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is low but quality is first classREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this product very bad don't waste your money on this connectivity issues unable to connect with HDMI cable and Bluetooth also dropping I wish I can give negetive markingREAD MORE,1.0
Very very nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
I am using it since 8 monthsEvery thing is goodBest choice for blutooth speaker.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality is below averageREAD MORE,2.0
Not connecting with sub wooferREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Not like this productREAD MORE,2.0
Awesome soundsREAD MORE,4.0
Super coulity sound  160w and 120w all soAnd Loo price better than othersREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is good for all songs... sound clarity good..sometimes it produce unnecessary bass.. Overall satisfied. I recommend only for classy song listeners not for melody songs..READ MORE,5.0
Nice quality and sound and not expected like sony soundREAD MORE,3.0
After continue usage of 3-4hrs it's getting heat at the top of the bar dats not good overall it's very good u can buy thisREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality with super bass and trebleREAD MORE,5.0
Bass dominantes vocalsREAD MORE,3.0
Everything is awesome...READ MORE,5.0
It's just assumeREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Is good.. But lacks in good clarity and balanced sound output..Bass heads will enjoy this one...READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super itemREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Its feel like you are in theaterREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing product ☺️READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy music system worthREAD MORE,5.0
Good product sound ok and bass goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice working..nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
In this price range that's the great sound bar. The audio quality in high frequency range is mild cracking. Bass is ok with this price range connectivity using HDMI with TV is recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
You u looking for a bass centric sound bar then definitely look for it but sometimes it will provide unnecessary bass.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and worth in this price range. The bass is great. Loving itREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound quality, thanks to flipkart for swift deliveryREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good Sound & perfect BassREAD MORE,5.0
Good products. Not InstallationREAD MORE,4.0
Jack problemREAD MORE,3.0
Besr bass ❤️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I used this sound bar almost 2years ... Till now no problem issue.. Well design and bass is also powerful  so I recommend to all please use this sond system ....READ MORE,5.0
Best in the segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good & niceREAD MORE,4.0
Love this wonderful setREAD MORE,5.0
OK okREAD MORE,5.0
SuppebREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best speakers available in market. Remote build quality is not upto the mark.READ MORE,4.0
Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Super super sound barREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product like a richREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound by boat 👍READ MORE,3.0
Good. value for money.Meant for small / indoor purpose onlyREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
Nice to effectivelyREAD MORE,4.0
Sound and Bass quality superb 👌READ MORE,4.0
Bad only fraud only cheating this product was damageREAD MORE,2.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Verry good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Product was not good and Flipkart was rejecting orderREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Iam using 80w product this sound is very impressive I given 5stars for this product. Befere baught this product I read more reviews but when I baught this product I realised Thank you boatREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
It's was a awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Woofer is defected and service of boat is not good they not respons my problemREAD MORE,1.0
"Good product, nice bassREAD MORE",5.0
Connectivity issue while using thru HDMI and BLUETOOTH. Woofer frequently disconnects with soundbar.READ MORE,2.0
Good buy.READ MORE,4.0
Good quality love itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Overall product is good..but there is some background noise during play..READ MORE,4.0
All are good but Bluetooth connectivity is very bad. If any object come between System and Mobile then it's break the connectivity. Also not detecting long range Bluetooth connectivity. Almost Good. Rating is 4/5READ MORE,4.0
Superb ProductREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is awesome.design is Good.READ MORE,5.0
Sound bar and woofer not connected each other via bluetooth. Only cable connect.READ MORE,2.0
"This product needs to work on Vocal clarity, too much bass makes the small whispers or talks more soft and unclear. Design is Best in all sound bar, Bass levels and 3d surrounded sound is superb, overall you must definately take it. Worth for priceREAD MORE",4.0
AAVANTE BAR 2000 excellent sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Super. Boat. Avante bar. Excellent. Sound ana basssREAD MORE,5.0
"Seems to be old design woofer,but sound clarity is wow and blast Nice Boom Effect But not worth for more than 8K try to get this during big billion day you will get for good price.simply awesome if it suits in your budgetREAD MORE",4.0
Vry good productREAD MORE,4.0
Overall sound experience is superb at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Super super sound barREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product like a richREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound by boat 👍READ MORE,3.0
Good. value for money.Meant for small / indoor purpose onlyREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
Audio quality is good. But isn't loud as expected as per price range.Good surround sound.As usual AUX cable is not so satisfying.Overall good product.READ MORE,3.0
It's sound is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
I would recommend to buy who needs the thumping bass quality and do not compare it with Dolby Digital because it just improves the movie experience.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Very good product , boat is best , sound clarity is very good, Bess lover has very happy,READ MORE",5.0
the main issue is woofer it makes distortion sound after 1 week i think woofer bass quality is not good so that's why bass speaker get cracked and one more thing after sale service is very bad u have to struggle for this very bad serviceREAD MORE,2.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity is good. Base is nice(not extraordinary). In this price range its really recommended.READ MORE,4.0
The speakers set didn't have the hdmi cable. Who in right set of mind doesn't send hdmi cable? Also the person who came for installation didn't have the cable. And was insisting on closing the ticket without proper installation. He was keeping on asking for satisfaction code even when I said that I'm not satisfied. Horrible service!! Hope this gets heard!!!READ MORE,1.0
Very good sound & bassREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
awessm quality of sound like itREAD MORE,4.0
NuceREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money nice productREAD MORE,4.0
My TV and sound bar not synchronize properREAD MORE,2.0
"Worth every single penny.Awesome bass and treeble with 3d sound effect.Dont hesitate, it will be a perfect choice.READ MORE",5.0
Just wowREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"At first i thought this thing was not of the worth i paid for, but when i plugged it in, it just blow my mind, bass is too good. But i got it for 5500 and still i think that price for this thing is a bit high as looking at the product, but in competition to the market it is very high value for moneyBut the service for the product is terrible they didn't respond for the service queries as my remote just stopped working after 1 month of use, even i didn't used it much.And about the technical ...READ MORE",4.0
Over all good product.READ MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Good product from indian brandREAD MORE,4.0
Great quality.READ MORE,5.0
Sounds and bass good but connectivity is poorREAD MORE,3.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
all most is god but sometime connectivity issues createdREAD MORE,3.0
AAVANTE BAR 2000 excellent sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Great one sound bar in under 10000/-. Must buy it without rethinking. Much better than famous brands like Sony, Samsung, LG etc.READ MORE",5.0
After 15 days its not working worst experience with flipcartREAD MORE,1.0
"Sound quality of this product is awesome.. Instead of connecting TV via Bluetooth speaker wire, better we can connect thorough Bluetooth.. it provide the better output..Love this product with this cost 6999. Base was really good..Must buyREAD MORE",5.0
Nice workingREAD MORE,5.0
Best in qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing soundbar just go for it...READ MORE,5.0
SuperbbbREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product..READ MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
I got this beast at 5499 .ground shaking bass and crystal clear voice at this price range.i loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Nice bass with good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Ultra superb bass 🔊 but sound Qality is good best speaker. Never take JBL BOAT is a better optionREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money. Bass effect is awesome and sound is so clearREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and bass.. superb quality at this price arrange. Worth buying it.. thanks for the in-time delivery by Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Good.READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product , boat is best , sound clarity is very good, Bess lover has very happy,READ MORE",5.0
the main issue is woofer it makes distortion sound after 1 week i think woofer bass quality is not good so that's why bass speaker get cracked and one more thing after sale service is very bad u have to struggle for this very bad serviceREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity is good. Base is nice(not extraordinary). In this price range its really recommended.READ MORE,4.0
Supabb productREAD MORE,5.0
The speakers set didn't have the hdmi cable. Who in right set of mind doesn't send hdmi cable? Also the person who came for installation didn't have the cable. And was insisting on closing the ticket without proper installation. He was keeping on asking for satisfaction code even when I said that I'm not satisfied. Horrible service!! Hope this gets heard!!!READ MORE,1.0
Very good sound & bassREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent quality n sound...but installation was very poor. Even engineer don't know how to connect it from LEd tv and said this soundbar have no option to connect with tv.READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic 👍READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound barREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product!!! Go for it...😁READ MORE,5.0
Amazing ProductREAD MORE,5.0
"Recommend. Quality is good, as per price range worth it.READ MORE",5.0
mini theater experience......buy and feel the same...happen to meREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good but installation badREAD MORE,3.0
"This is a great buy for bassheads, if you are into trance or edm music this is the real deal, if you want some good quality sweet sound lower down the bassREAD MORE",5.0
I Love it 😘READ MORE,5.0
Not that much Chilling ExperienceREAD MORE,3.0
Not just any other speaker    I like to listen at low to mid range volume  superb bass  at low volumes . Adds life to your tv  loved it No regrets in investing on this product...READ MORE,5.0
Perfect Bass blasterREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,3.0
Bass really good but voice sounds ok Bass 5/5 Voice sounds 5/3READ MORE,4.0
Bass awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product amezing experience, but little bit of disappointing about sound clarityREAD MORE",5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good to buy. Bass is so good..glossy look.Fits in my living area. Money worth. Thanks to flipkart. Delivered at time.. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Very unique productREAD MORE,5.0
200% satisfied customer of Flipkart..🙏🙏🙏READ MORE,5.0
Good sound ❣️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Its not even a month and the woofer is damage. Now i cant exhange or return it.READ MORE,1.0
Super sound quality... Great bass... 🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Sound breakREAD MORE,5.0
Really a good product at this price.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product,  i am satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
Bass bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is amazing with TV and Bluetooth...READ MORE,5.0
Bass of the product is too much good but the person whobcame for demo and installation he does not have overall knowledge about product and also did not know how to talk with customerREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product & excellent sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome purchase. I love the sound quality very much.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing 🤩READ MORE,5.0
I love boat super bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass is fantastic. Playing song at around 25 is quite impressive. But when you reduce the volume, sound bar feels little weak comparatively.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome Bass awesome Sound effect I'm really proud of you this product Thank you BoAtREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice soundbar..Does anybody know how to fix the remote control issue..will I get another one?READ MORE,5.0
Good product niceREAD MORE,5.0
Supper..READ MORE,4.0
Excellent quality n sound...but installation was very poor. Even engineer don't know how to connect it from LEd tv and said this soundbar have no option to connect with tv.READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic 👍READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound barREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product!!! Go for it...😁READ MORE,5.0
Amazing ProductREAD MORE,5.0
"Recommend. Quality is good, as per price range worth it.READ MORE",5.0
mini theater experience......buy and feel the same...happen to meREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good but installation badREAD MORE,3.0
"This is a great buy for bassheads, if you are into trance or edm music this is the real deal, if you want some good quality sweet sound lower down the bassREAD MORE",5.0
I Love it 😘READ MORE,5.0
Not that much Chilling ExperienceREAD MORE,3.0
Not just any other speaker    I like to listen at low to mid range volume  superb bass  at low volumes . Adds life to your tv  loved it No regrets in investing on this product...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Soundbar is not at all good ,it's making too much noise , coming to the bass it's excellent no brand can't beat this! If you are fan of good sound quality/ musician /music lover please don't purchase this ... I replaced the and checked but both are same vocals are not all satisfying with the cost. Dumb vocals !READ MORE",2.0
Super for small house sREAD MORE,4.0
Sound very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality and fantastic Bass I'm so happy tq flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Super product with very good bluetooth connectivity with phones but not good with laptop bluetooth, meanwhile the bass is mind blowing, 5 star product it is.READ MORE",5.0
Good Quality of Sound.. Recommend for Music loversREAD MORE,5.0
Bad & pure Not working to retypeREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Its not even a month and the woofer is damage. Now i cant exhange or return it.READ MORE,1.0
Super sound quality... Great bass... 🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Sound breakREAD MORE,5.0
Really a good product at this price.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product,  i am satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
Bass bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is amazing with TV and Bluetooth...READ MORE,5.0
Bass of the product is too much good but the person whobcame for demo and installation he does not have overall knowledge about product and also did not know how to talk with customerREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product & excellent sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome purchase. I love the sound quality very much.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing 🤩READ MORE,5.0
I love boat super bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass is fantastic. Playing song at around 25 is quite impressive. But when you reduce the volume, sound bar feels little weak comparatively.READ MORE",4.0
Nice product. Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing sound,bass is super.i am enjoy the musicREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good workingREAD MORE,4.0
Average soundREAD MORE,4.0
Must buy awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product. Best sound system.READ MORE,5.0
Everything ok but HDMI point not availableREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
I love this sound bar 🤩READ MORE,4.0
Best quality soundREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
good product nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
It's Bluetooth WiFi buffer not connecting since 2 monthREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound clarity awesome bass excellent productThere is no battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing vry NICREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good 👍READ MORE,4.0
Good one..go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass. Must buy for people in love with bass at an affordable price.READ MORE,5.0
Good soundbar tq flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality was very good ..bass is extraordinary ... Fan of this one 😌READ MORE,5.0
"Good ,was niceREAD MORE",4.0
Bass is absolutely fine but treble is really worst no clarity in the sounds and hdmi connection is really very troublesome once if the TV goes to standby then hdmi doesn't work then you have to switchoff both TV and sound bar and switch on to work again very disappointing...READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It is very great product I like this very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Just Superb..READ MORE,5.0
ExtraordinaryREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound good bass perfect build quality 👌.Flipkart shipping is good person super fast deliveryI love Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome 👍,,,,,,,,READ MORE",5.0
"Worth soundbar at thi price range. Only issue is connectivity with HDMI ARC, which doesn't work.READ MORE",5.0
"I expected more but music was decent and the bass is also nice, i have anvante 1200 (80 watts) but i suggest go with the 120 watts.READ MORE",3.0
Good sound quality. Stylish design. Easy bluetooth connectivityREAD MORE,4.0
Good product at this price...READ MORE,5.0
When connected from bluetooth from phoneit is  disconnected in between .READ MORE,1.0
When you play attaching the sub woofer the sound is incredibly. But playing without the woofer rhe sound quality of the soundbar is avgREAD MORE,3.0
The sound is good. There is an audio delay using AUX. Bluetooth sometimes drops data packets. Rest is fineREAD MORE,4.0
AwasomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Super Bass, Connectivity is not upto the markREAD MORE",4.0
The bass is automaticaly decrease and increaseREAD MORE,2.0
Got on the big billion day offer. Very nice and cheap and best for me . Children too enjoy very muchREAD MORE,5.0
After using 2 month sound is too low...dissapointedREAD MORE,3.0
Good bass and ground shake experience....😘READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Audio volume very low on 4k vediosREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeIt gives a hometheater effects in my home.The whole building gets vibratesREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI and Aux cables not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Outstanding performance incredible sound deep loud bass such a really great product comparing all I got it  very reasonable price through FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazing sound machine. Every sound hears crisp & clear.  all connectivity is Good I thought about mark but Boat is BOSS of sound. Every body go for it without doubt. My family very happy to boat soundbar. Great deal for quality buyers.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Super product and superb installation and demo given by technision of jeeves tnqREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality of sound and design alsoREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
It's a super duper sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is fine but speakers in the bar is not up to the MarkREAD MORE,1.0
Really Fantastic One in this Price ..Satisfy Me more than the Expectations.!READ MORE,5.0
Very good product 🔥READ MORE,5.0
Amazing sound quality Very good Boss and sound clarity  Only one problem is there Connectivity is not good  my  Sony bravia TV  Model number is KD43 X 8000H  Not connect with HDMI  Cable and  Bluetooth not playing.   Only connecting axs cable.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Design was Good, Colour & Connection is nice, The sound clarity and Bass was Super, Money Worth and Packing Guidence and warranty are Good.READ MORE",4.0
Bluetooth very badREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Stylish product with excellent sound and great bass.READ MORE,5.0
great product perfect bassREAD MORE,5.0
Best 💯💯👍READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound with unique bassREAD MORE,5.0
Expect more Bass average oneREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
I love sondREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality in this price not good. Iball is than better option. Please don't purchase to online go to direct shop and after listen than purchase.really i disappointed.READ MORE,2.0
Faltu productsREAD MORE,1.0
Truely  cinematic experience...READ MORE,4.0
Just 4999 120w summaa   AdhiruthulaREAD MORE,5.0
"All is well , but installer not come to installREAD MORE",3.0
I am waiting for this product for long time I purchased in BBD sale in just 4700 and it works nicely.I review after 5 months of usage .Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is so big....READ MORE,5.0
Bass quality is so high heart beat soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality not that goodREAD MORE,3.0
Verry good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one 👌 by BoAtREAD MORE,5.0
"Super sound , good qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome sound and Bess  Over powerd Bess 😍😍😍😘Loved it😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Excellent for enjoying the musicREAD MORE,5.0
"For listening music it's good, but for watching movies it's not that much preferred , am using LG home theatre also, it's sound is crystal clear, but boat it as to improve for watching movie experience.READ MORE",3.0
Awesome product.READ MORE,5.0
Giod quality but less soundREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is very good but sound volume is lowREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeIt gives a hometheater effects in my home.The whole building gets vibratesREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI and Aux cables not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Outstanding performance incredible sound deep loud bass such a really great product comparing all I got it  very reasonable price through FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazing sound machine. Every sound hears crisp & clear.  all connectivity is Good I thought about mark but Boat is BOSS of sound. Every body go for it without doubt. My family very happy to boat soundbar. Great deal for quality buyers.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Super product and superb installation and demo given by technision of jeeves tnqREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality of sound and design alsoREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
It's a super duper sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is fine but speakers in the bar is not up to the MarkREAD MORE,1.0
Really Fantastic One in this Price ..Satisfy Me more than the Expectations.!READ MORE,5.0
Very good product 🔥READ MORE,5.0
Amazing sound quality Very good Boss and sound clarity  Only one problem is there Connectivity is not good  my  Sony bravia TV  Model number is KD43 X 8000H  Not connect with HDMI  Cable and  Bluetooth not playing.   Only connecting axs cable.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Design was Good, Colour & Connection is nice, The sound clarity and Bass was Super, Money Worth and Packing Guidence and warranty are Good.READ MORE",4.0
Bluetooth very badREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice sound bar and i am very happy this product...READ MORE,5.0
Nice 👍👍READ MORE,3.0
Very good superREAD MORE,5.0
"If you are a bass lover then definitely go for it   Bass,sound quality, connectivity,treble, design and build quality   everything is amazing.   You will love it This is the review after one week of use .READ MORE",5.0
Superb sound systemSuperb thank you FlipcartREAD MORE,5.0
I see the best brand boat also sounds quality awesome ❣️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good Sound quality excllentREAD MORE,5.0
"Good quality, bluetooth connection problemsREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic speaker. Bass is wonderful. 120 W is sufficient for living room. Entire sofa gets the vibration from bass. Good to see movie..theatre like experience. Even music listening gives goose bumpsREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Bass is westREAD MORE,2.0
Best product at this rateREAD MORE,5.0
Best audio quality and awesome look. Highly recommended for medium size roomREAD MORE,5.0
Super QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, excellent bassREAD MORE",5.0
This is a really good product for a room upto 200 squarefeet area.If yiou are a bass lover.U must go with this product.Value fr money.Got it around 5400.Cons - doesnt support normal hdmi cable.READ MORE,5.0
Marq sound  is perfectREAD MORE,3.0
"One word to say simply superb..Great Bass, stylish design, compact, remote us good.over all great performanceREAD MORE",5.0
This is true value for money product 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
Connectivity is not good and delayed in sound too.Lips matching issue found in this and it's not getting fixed.READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality and ground shakeing bass value of money 💵💵💵READ MORE,5.0
It's a awesome product....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad sound letensiREAD MORE,2.0
Mind blowing product super mind blowing bassREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.sound quality so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundbar under 10kREAD MORE,5.0
Just Wow. ....... amazing......READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not clear.READ MORE,1.0
Sound Quality is best.But bluetooth connectivity is very low. About 4-5 meterProper service is not providate by boAt about warrenty related issueREAD MORE,2.0
Nice product l m buy offered priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 😊READ MORE,5.0
Extremely good. Bass is mind-blowing. Bass lovers will fall in love with this sound bar. Nothing to complain. I am fully satisfied with the overall sound quality. Boat is a very good company in India. Everyone love to use boat. Thanks to flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound...READ MORE,5.0
Super sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Such an Awesome Product, I thaught so many times before Purchase, but after Purchase and recieved this, Really a Very Good Product Go for It if u love the Sounds like theatere in Home❤️READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice sound bar and i am very happy this product...READ MORE,5.0
Nice 👍👍READ MORE,3.0
Very good superREAD MORE,5.0
"Fantastic product bass & sound is very good quality..I am totally satisfied with the product,if you u want to  fpurchase ell free and go ahead..thanks boat...READ MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful speaker. Love it.READ MORE,5.0
Auxiliary cable is disturbingREAD MORE,4.0
Cristal cleared sound & good bassREAD MORE,5.0
boat Aavante bar 2000 160w Bluetooth soundbar 06.02.2021Sound quality excellent base ground shaking almost very good very good bota Aavente Bar 2000 160wK.nagaraju.govinda pali paleamREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome quality really satisfied😊😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Best Quality SoundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Not suitable for small size roomAlso sound quality is not good ... Very loud kind of sound hence suitable for big room partyREAD MORE,2.0
Outstanding product by boat like this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality and sound is very good & bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bed soundREAD MORE,2.0
Very bad experience with this product. After 15 days woofer is not working properly. Complain submit but Zero response with customer care. Very bad experience. Don't buy this.READ MORE,1.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good but ?READ MORE,3.0
Horrible Bluetooth connectivity not able to return tooREAD MORE,1.0
Nyc product sound quality is very gudREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productsound is clear and goodREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome love ot.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Small room not enough need big hall for bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice.. And fast..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Use vid mate app and pls songs thanane thanananaaaREAD MORE,5.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Really superREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is very very good and sound is very smooth but largest soundREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Exhalent my soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
With DTH box audio quality is too bad. Not even sound like mobile speaker.READ MORE,1.0
"Good product, on this price. Every thing is good.READ MORE",5.0
Boom. Boom. Boommmmm.........sound quality excellent bass is too much......love itREAD MORE,5.0
The sound is very good I love it And Flipkart service is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Aswm soundsREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"It has been more than 3 months i am using the soundbar , really loved the sound quality. But last month money soundbar had a connectivity issues took almost a momth to resolve it .READ MORE",4.0
"Superb product from BOAT and as usual speedy delivery by flipkart, thank you team flipkart and also team BoatREAD MORE",5.0
2.1 channel speaker.READ MORE,5.0
Ossadharon.heavy bassPowerful sound.all okkkkyyy.READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent Bluetooth soundbar...Audio quality,bass & other technical features are best and highly recommended for purchase... Thank U team Flipkart for the prompt delivery & making arrangements for free  installation and demo.READ MORE",5.0
Very amazing product.READ MORE,5.0
Sound like DJREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome performance for this sound bar.....READ MORE,5.0
Go to buy.. it's superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Soundbar is nice but installation is bad.so,i am giving 3 star.READ MORE",3.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good BassREAD MORE,4.0
BastREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Actually very nice sound quality ...READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Bass lovers go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good producedREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. You will never got this type of soundbar below 10k. Blindly you can buy this. Super bass bass bass. Mostly bass lovers will satisfy 100%.READ MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good but ?READ MORE,3.0
Horrible Bluetooth connectivity not able to return tooREAD MORE,1.0
Nyc product sound quality is very gudREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productsound is clear and goodREAD MORE,5.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome love ot.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Small room not enough need big hall for bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice.. And fast..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Use vid mate app and pls songs thanane thanananaaaREAD MORE,5.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Really superREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is very very good and sound is very smooth but largest soundREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Exhalent my soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
With DTH box audio quality is too bad. Not even sound like mobile speaker.READ MORE,1.0
"Good product, on this price. Every thing is good.READ MORE",5.0
Boom. Boom. Boommmmm.........sound quality excellent bass is too much......love itREAD MORE,5.0
The sound is very good I love it And Flipkart service is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Aswm soundsREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"It has been more than 3 months i am using the soundbar , really loved the sound quality. But last month money soundbar had a connectivity issues took almost a momth to resolve it .READ MORE",4.0
"Superb product from BOAT and as usual speedy delivery by flipkart, thank you team flipkart and also team BoatREAD MORE",5.0
2.1 channel speaker.READ MORE,5.0
Ossadharon.heavy bassPowerful sound.all okkkkyyy.READ MORE,4.0
"Sound Quality is Amazing , Mind Blowing Sound experience , Built Quality is super , Design is new and Premium Look , Dashing Elegant Look...i like this Design...👌👌👌👌Super Product...✌️👌👌👌👌👌👌🤘🤘🤘Bass is very Loud & Best cinematic experience...My Favourite soundbar Ever...READ MORE",5.0
"Has heavy bass, but not that much loud.READ MORE",5.0
"Review from a Hard core JBL lover..I may not be a audiophile but certainly have a taste. I tried various brands in terms of earphones/headphones but only jbl matched my taste of music. In terms of home theater i tried mi soundbar, f&d t200x, zebronics 4.1 home theatre etc but all of them failed at certain level. Again i liked JBL soundbar.After reading so many positive reviews i took risk of purchasing Boat Aavante 2000, and i could certainly say it did not disappoint me.Generally i lik...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Super and good product. sound effects are amazing, woofer was awesome..READ MORE",5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product. Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Ossam base and sound quality is very good.....READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product...!!!Outstanding Performance...!!!On time delivery...!!!Very professional way installation and demo...!!!Got best deal price 6210.00...!!!READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Actually very nice sound quality ...READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Bass lovers go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good producedREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. You will never got this type of soundbar below 10k. Blindly you can buy this. Super bass bass bass. Mostly bass lovers will satisfy 100%.READ MORE,5.0
Very bad sound qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Best soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Best price buy... Thanks flipkart... I bought 120W @ 4700/- in the great Indian sale...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome bass awesome sound quality.Not disturbing any sound and any thing.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Great Product with good sound quality and controls r very easy to useREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD SOUND QUALITYREAD MORE,4.0
It's fantastic.. product...READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Money Worthy Product!!!!....READ MORE,5.0
Great quality and build.READ MORE,5.0
"Poor 3d sound,and aux make a noiseREAD MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Mind-blowing productREAD MORE,5.0
very good product  👌READ MORE,5.0
Super 9000 rs from overREAD MORE,5.0
NiseREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality but slightly bass overcome voice while watching movies. Music lovers blindly go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Only Bluetooth as source inout works. None of the other input worksREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Got it for Rs. 5800/- and in this price segment I found it a masterpiece. Perfectly ok product.READ MORE,5.0
Super👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Satisfied the depth of music .READ MORE,4.0
I bought avante bar 2000 160 w. Here are some pros and cons..Pros1. Bass is bombastic.2. Treble is also good.3. Bass lover will love it.4. Bluetooth version is 5.0 previously it was 2.1 now the connectivity is better compare to 2.1Cons1. Too much bass overpowered sound.2. In movies dialogues sound is low but action scenes sound is loud. So you have to press remote regularly.READ MORE,5.0
Super experienceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product @Rs. 5500READ MORE,4.0
Good soundbar at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Signal drop in bluetooth connectivity, and distortion in audio. No HDMI ARC slot provision but coaxial input. Base effect was very poor. Garbage chinese waste. No replacement. Flipkart dont provide invoice. Flipkar seems to be in trouble. Will close down shortly? Dont buy from Flipkart. Customer support guys are joking. Installation person was a gourmut, no knowledge about sounbar.READ MORE",1.0
"I would Strongly suggest not to go with the soundbars of Boat, they are not of good quality. My boat Aavante 2000 stopped working after 5 months of purchase. The service of Boat is simply pathetic. You keep on writing email to them they will not respond, you keep call their customer support they will not provide you with any resolution. Its better to go with any brand other than Boat.READ MORE",1.0
Nice Saund wow.....😘READ MORE,5.0
Super boatREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound quality and price range at 5499/-READ MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality & bass very nice .This amount it's OK good.READ MORE,5.0
Sema... Super effectsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice products ☺️☺️READ MORE,4.0
Super & solid sound... Decent sound quality 17/17 HallREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Bluetooth keet is very poorREAD MORE,1.0
Very very very good I loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass  And sound Excellent  but triple low from expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality full bass 👍💯💯READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Installation by technician good. But he charged some amount. It is not fair.READ MORE,5.0
I have bought this on jan 2021 in 6700 Mrp on flipkart sale Product quality very good  & sound little bit slow but bass really impress you overall awesome product in this range ..READ MORE,4.0
Suitable for. 12/15 room size ..READ MORE,4.0
Just ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Amazing soundbar. Bass is superb. Super design. You can feel real sound with it. The movie mode is amazing. Looking stylish.READ MORE,5.0
Very good product it i just awesome..READ MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GoodsREAD MORE,5.0
boat super quality money safeREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
It's good sound bar bass is good I think bought it bass is lovely 😊☺️ I am happy with itREAD MORE,5.0
Total goodREAD MORE,5.0
I love it❤️⚡READ MORE,5.0
My woofer is not working properly from day 1READ MORE,1.0
V.good ptoduct and bass effects very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Very good speaker in this range and brand quality also goodREAD MORE,4.0
Perfect audio best in the segment highly recommended 🖤🖤READ MORE,5.0
Nice product I loved it.... thanq flipkart for past delivery and installation....READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality greatREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and bass superREAD MORE,5.0
Rating 9/10Bass Super Ground ShakingJust Go For ItREAD MORE,4.0
It's amazing.....READ MORE,5.0
It's a Big Boombb bass soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass.... Loud sound quality..... I like it. Boat brand is goodREAD MORE,5.0
This product was niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Speach is not clear, not able to follow the words. It has only good base but not suitable for watching movies if you really want to listen to the conversation.READ MORE",2.0
Base king.... value for 💰 go for it.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing build quality. Great sound😎 A must buy sound system👍🏻READ MORE,5.0
Supper quality and safe packing just liked the sound and bass I love you boat ☺️READ MORE,5.0
Amazing sounds effects I get this sound bar lower price 4900rs onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
Simply Awesome!!!READ MORE,5.0
Near about goodREAD MORE,3.0
Bluetooth connectivity issuesREAD MORE,5.0
Its oustanding👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"Good sound quality at affordable price, theatre experience in Home I like it Than you Flipkart 🙂👍READ MORE",5.0
Best soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Nice products ☺️☺️READ MORE,4.0
Super & solid sound... Decent sound quality 17/17 HallREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Bluetooth keet is very poorREAD MORE,1.0
Very very very good I loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass  And sound Excellent  but triple low from expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality full bass 👍💯💯READ MORE,5.0
Xlent nd marvelousREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Simply goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
All-rounder supper..But free  installation not to be done.READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent purchase , just go for it , if you're confused which  160 w bar is worth?    some other brands like creative stage , Blaupunkt , infinity , zebronics , these all are not compete with boat 2000 (160)w ,,,, it was simply goodREAD MORE",5.0
Loved it....I chose boat as I have been using boat's bt speaker in the past too...And about this bar it's flawless in every way I loved it..the sound clarity bass everything is on dot.Worth a buy.READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality exlentREAD MORE,5.0
Best price and best sound i likeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Bluetooth poor nd bass also poorREAD MORE,3.0
"Mind blowing Sound,  Value for Money. No doubt Amazing product. Fully SatisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
Looking goodREAD MORE,4.0
I loved the sound quality especially when used Movie mode. It was like theatre feeling.READ MORE,4.0
Super sound barREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent, good base, one can easily go for itREAD MORE",4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Only one word for this boat aavante bar SUPErrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality superREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and pleaseREAD MORE,5.0
Exllent product by boat at very low priceSound quality goodMust go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Best bar......I love boAt companyREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,4.0
Boosted Bass Sound quality Mind blowing Rating --5*READ MORE,5.0
Awesome bass with quality speaker 🔊READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound clarity 5/5Bass 5/5The bass will be balanced if you kept the subwoofer according to the acoustic sides and sound travelsREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor connectivity.. While connecting with Aux cable Guss sounding is coming without playing.. While through HDMI cable not paired to TV... While connecting with Bluetooth it's ok.. Automatically disconnected...READ MORE,1.0
Simply Awesome!!!READ MORE,5.0
Near about goodREAD MORE,3.0
Bluetooth connectivity issuesREAD MORE,5.0
Its oustanding👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"Good sound quality at affordable price, theatre experience in Home I like it Than you Flipkart 🙂👍READ MORE",5.0
Best soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Really good...READ MORE,3.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundbar in this price range🔥READ MORE,5.0
Overall nice product👍👌but remote control is not work after some time 😌READ MORE,4.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very best soundbar under this price range I baught this in the saleREAD MORE,5.0
Product description is subwoofer wireless but it is wiredREAD MORE,4.0
Great product Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Am happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
I'm very much happy with the product.Nice sound clarity.Awesome base.READ MORE,5.0
"Adbuta basss chenagi iday, Bass is good.READ MORE",4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Osm bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good design and good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good movie ExperienceREAD MORE,5.0
GoofREAD MORE,5.0
Duper excitedREAD MORE,4.0
"Good sound bar in this price segment. Sound, bass, clearty is up to mark.. I have bought at rs 6999.READ MORE",5.0
I'm not satisfied with installation and demo but product is excellent with this cost. Soundbar gives sound amazing. Delivery boy is good at his duty. There's no HDMI cable in this pack.READ MORE,4.0
Good product sound quality is good It’s Worth....READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product at 6499 rsREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good .. but bluetooth connectivity is not at all good .READ MORE,3.0
"Absolutely awesome  Value for money   Bass is very hard but treble in trouble not clear , sometime automatically gone   I don't know its bar problem or songs problem  But overall good in ths price segment  Looking also attractive 👍👌✌️READ MORE",5.0
Super sound barREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent, good base, one can easily go for itREAD MORE",4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Only one word for this boat aavante bar SUPErrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality superREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and pleaseREAD MORE,5.0
Exllent product by boat at very low priceSound quality goodMust go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Best bar......I love boAt companyREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,4.0
Boosted Bass Sound quality Mind blowing Rating --5*READ MORE,5.0
Awesome bass with quality speaker 🔊READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound clarity 5/5Bass 5/5The bass will be balanced if you kept the subwoofer according to the acoustic sides and sound travelsREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor connectivity.. While connecting with Aux cable Guss sounding is coming without playing.. While through HDMI cable not paired to TV... While connecting with Bluetooth it's ok.. Automatically disconnected...READ MORE,1.0
Very vnice experience and I am very happy with the serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Its awesome.any one purchase blindly.READ MORE,4.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
I purchased this item in Rs. 6200/- . Overall very good product.READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Waste To Buy 😭😭😭READ MORE,5.0
Best soundREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality iam happy thank you flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
1. Elegant design.2. Impressive bass and sound.3. Bluetooth connectivity gets disturbed frequently.4. 3d sound is not impressive.READ MORE,4.0
Very nice to use with 80 % sound for movie and songsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Am happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
I'm very much happy with the product.Nice sound clarity.Awesome base.READ MORE,5.0
"Adbuta basss chenagi iday, Bass is good.READ MORE",4.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Osm bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good design and good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good movie ExperienceREAD MORE,5.0
GoofREAD MORE,5.0
Duper excitedREAD MORE,4.0
"Good sound bar in this price segment. Sound, bass, clearty is up to mark.. I have bought at rs 6999.READ MORE",5.0
I'm not satisfied with installation and demo but product is excellent with this cost. Soundbar gives sound amazing. Delivery boy is good at his duty. There's no HDMI cable in this pack.READ MORE,4.0
Good product sound quality is good It’s Worth....READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product at 6499 rsREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good .. but bluetooth connectivity is not at all good .READ MORE,3.0
"Absolutely awesome  Value for money   Bass is very hard but treble in trouble not clear , sometime automatically gone   I don't know its bar problem or songs problem  But overall good in ths price segment  Looking also attractive 👍👌✌️READ MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product thise rangeREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Iam not expected this sound and bass Good quality and good bassREAD MORE,5.0
Middle class family to the master bar...READ MORE,5.0
"Bass is super,but treble is not good.Overall will get Hall like soundREAD MORE",4.0
Audio performance  is very Good.Sub woofer Manufacturing quality is very poor fimsyREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product not faced any connectivity problem.sound is excellent. Thanks boat and flipkart.demo was also very good.READ MORE,4.0
"Bass lover go for it wdout any doubt ,,,,loud sound ,premium looks design stylish overall i will give 5 rating ,,  ,,, becoj i am music lover 🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗READ MORE",5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome..... Sound is feels like theaterREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc speaker and subwoofersREAD MORE,5.0
Technician is not... good worst installationREAD MORE,1.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product super bass with melodius sound rare combinationREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product 🙂🙂READ MORE,5.0
Sound is superb in usb and bass is not that good in bluetooth aux mode sound us nice ( above average) Optical and hdmi not testedREAD MORE,3.0
Better as expectedREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product must buy this one this much sound effects I was not expectedREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Waste To Buy 😭😭😭READ MORE,5.0
Nice Happy with soundbar.READ MORE,4.0
Too much connection problem. Tv sound does not come in soundbar.READ MORE,2.0
Display smallREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbar totally paisa wasoll i got for  5499 it's worthREAD MORE,5.0
nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Looking very pretty....READ MORE,4.0
Reilly I am given 5star rating first time in Flipkart. Because I am not expecting this quality. Good music and excellent Bass. Thank u FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome😊👍READ MORE,5.0
Good product for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
small dents on both sides of the barREAD MORE,3.0
Everything thing is fine at this price range....but sounds a little bit lowREAD MORE,4.0
Must buy sound is fantasticREAD MORE,4.0
"must buy under 5500, Classy product excellent sound and extreme bass. the best product at this price range.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Staring bass best sound experienceREAD MORE,5.0
"Quality is too Good, thanks to Flipkart & Installation service.READ MORE",5.0
Best sound system at very reasonable price .. definitely go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"Finally made a good choice.. Great sound..Thanks Flipkart ,you made my dream come true..❣️READ MORE",5.0
"GO FOR IT GUYS IT'S UNBEATABLE AT THIS PRICE RANGE, SOUND IS mind Blowing.READ MORE",5.0
Product is good but ta packet size is so big so I am face many problems when I received the Purcell.READ MORE,5.0
Just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Ultimate Worth to purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good to hearREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for the money Nice initiative from boAtHDMi connectivity issue can be adjusted with better cable and adjusting through your tv setting menu Otherwise totally good 5⭐ can be given for the overall performanceGood design 👍READ MORE,5.0
All is wellREAD MORE,5.0
Good and nice 🙂🙂 productREAD MORE,5.0
Top notch product💯READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound best quality...READ MORE,5.0
It was just Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
"Ordered on 24rdJan. Delivered on 27th jan . Installation done today by Jeeves. Packing was good & installation person also politely answered the doubts. Coming to the sound bar avante 2000 160 watts, its sound, bass & treble were world class. Thanks flipkart for the service & timely delivery. One can buy with eyes closed....READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
This product is awesome good sound quality in this Price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Vv gdREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality.... Very nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice Boat Aavante bar 2000 160 wREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound bar and excellent sound quality 👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and bass quality..READ MORE,5.0
Nice build powerful bass but sound quality is okREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sabhi bluetooth speaker Ka baap 😎READ MORE,5.0
Boat Is Boss all Company 🔥READ MORE,5.0
"Has got problem within a month time, woofer not working, complaint raised. It's been more than a month now issue not solved. Worst post sales service never ever go for boat. If it is working condition good, if you get a problem them pathetic response from boat, am daily following up with boat, everyday they say same story. I am in bangalore, in city itself their service is like this, then imagine if you are  small town or village.READ MORE",1.0
Super sound with bass and treble. I like itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Happy with soundbar.READ MORE,4.0
Too much connection problem. Tv sound does not come in soundbar.READ MORE,2.0
Display smallREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbar totally paisa wasoll i got for  5499 it's worthREAD MORE,5.0
nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Looking very pretty....READ MORE,4.0
Reilly I am given 5star rating first time in Flipkart. Because I am not expecting this quality. Good music and excellent Bass. Thank u FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome😊👍READ MORE,5.0
Good product for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
small dents on both sides of the barREAD MORE,3.0
Everything thing is fine at this price range....but sounds a little bit lowREAD MORE,4.0
Must buy sound is fantasticREAD MORE,4.0
"must buy under 5500, Classy product excellent sound and extreme bass. the best product at this price range.READ MORE",5.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
What a sound bar.. its excellent sound quality...Must buy... for music lover.....Thanks youREAD MORE,5.0
#YOU CAN BYE IT WITHOUT ANY EXTRA OVER THINKING because it Will give You a Crystal clear Sound  and just Ground shaking Bass...boat Avante 1550 120w..will give you an awesome sound experience..... ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️... No other  Home theater Nothing You can go For This model..READ MORE,5.0
These are the best 🤙🤙🙌READ MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Best product this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good bassREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good to hearREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for the money Nice initiative from boAtHDMi connectivity issue can be adjusted with better cable and adjusting through your tv setting menu Otherwise totally good 5⭐ can be given for the overall performanceGood design 👍READ MORE,5.0
All is wellREAD MORE,5.0
Good and nice 🙂🙂 productREAD MORE,5.0
Top notch product💯READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound best quality...READ MORE,5.0
It was just Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
"Ordered on 24rdJan. Delivered on 27th jan . Installation done today by Jeeves. Packing was good & installation person also politely answered the doubts. Coming to the sound bar avante 2000 160 watts, its sound, bass & treble were world class. Thanks flipkart for the service & timely delivery. One can buy with eyes closed....READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
This product is awesome good sound quality in this Price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Vv gdREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality.... Very nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice Boat Aavante bar 2000 160 wREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound bar and excellent sound quality 👌READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bought this item in Republic Day sale. Good sound quality with incredible bass. Must buy in this price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Good bassREAD MORE,5.0
NICE PRODUCTSREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Just Awsome. All are very good.READ MORE,5.0
Best Sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
All ok but not to connect with my sony 4k led tv via Bluetooth . Its dissopintedREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality is so perfect and worth to buyREAD MORE,5.0
Nyc ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product bt connectivity problemREAD MORE,4.0
Super fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Lovely product 💥💥💥💥 my best sound bar 🥳🥳🥳READ MORE,5.0
Amazing Product from boAtSuch a never aspects this type of productReally amazing I'm using it with my PC Bass is amazing also sound quality is goodDon't think just close your eyes and buy it Your will never get this type of bass in this budget segmentI'm rating like Bass. 10/10Sound quality 9/10Build Quality 10/10Connectivity 10/10Why some people give zero for connectivity but in my productI got a better connectivityHighly Recommended for you If you looking for Deep Bass then t...READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super sounds clarityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound awesome qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and the base quality is amazing i would prefer it to buy go for it👍👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Bass is averageOther wise..it's good Bought for 8000 ..I dnt think it's  value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice warm and beautiful soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Product 👌 👌 👌Loved ❤️❤️😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Kindly improve connectivity .All good.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome can't praise in words 🤠READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Not that much sound.....but it is ok..READ MORE,1.0
Awesome product 👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Bass is bass bossREAD MORE,3.0
This product is awesome and you will buy 160 W for better experience     Love it  so amazing product on flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Wow!! Just amazing very nice products. Go for it.....    1) deep base 2) clearly sounds.... ..       👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏READ MORE,5.0
"Easy to connect, sound quality amazingREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Overal good  but not mark the expectations it is good for average usersREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
No high bass quilityREAD MORE,1.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Mind blowing, fast delivery, thank you flipkart 🤩🤩READ MORE",5.0
Superb quality 👍READ MORE,5.0
BokkaREAD MORE,1.0
Superb bar and sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Type of used itemNot at all goodTwo times replaced and very annoying service providerREAD MORE,1.0
😲😳 wonderfullREAD MORE,5.0
"So pathetic service from boat customer care, after 2 months  it’s gets power issue on speaker, contacting and solving the very bad, almost 1 months still waiting for service person’s arrival 🙏🏽READ MORE",1.0
Watt A.  Sound.   Wat A boss wat A disignpradeep mREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound 🤗READ MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good but little bit subwoofer failedREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent product 😊❤️READ MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product by boat at rs4999READ MORE,5.0
good bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Hello got this product as shown.Nice Sound quality, With balanced mid and lows along with balanced set equaliser.160 watt model is wireless, that's is really good. Range of connection is good between sound baar and subwoofer. Awesome product and loving is sound quality or designed.That's fine overall good quality 👍😊READ MORE",5.0
Perfect at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth range low connectivityREAD MORE,3.0
Very Good Bass and Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Boat is best and beautiful soundbaar iam happy with this product thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Bass...... As mentioned Ground Shaking Performance.....READ MORE,5.0
Amazing Product from boAtSuch a never aspects this type of productReally amazing I'm using it with my PC Bass is amazing also sound quality is goodDon't think just close your eyes and buy it Your will never get this type of bass in this budget segmentI'm rating like Bass. 10/10Sound quality 9/10Build Quality 10/10Connectivity 10/10Why some people give zero for connectivity but in my productI got a better connectivityHighly Recommended for you If you looking for Deep Bass then t...READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super sounds clarityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound awesome qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and the base quality is amazing i would prefer it to buy go for it👍👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Bass is averageOther wise..it's good Bought for 8000 ..I dnt think it's  value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice warm and beautiful soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Product 👌 👌 👌Loved ❤️❤️😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Kindly improve connectivity .All good.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome can't praise in words 🤠READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Not that much sound.....but it is ok..READ MORE,1.0
Awesome product 👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Bass is bass bossREAD MORE,3.0
This product is awesome and you will buy 160 W for better experience     Love it  so amazing product on flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Wow!! Just amazing very nice products. Go for it.....    1) deep base 2) clearly sounds.... ..       👌👌👌👌👌👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏READ MORE,5.0
"Easy to connect, sound quality amazingREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Overal good  but not mark the expectations it is good for average usersREAD MORE,4.0
Super.thanks you FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Positive Have a nice punchy bass negative vocals are bit overpowered by the bass... if ur a bass lover go for itREAD MORE,3.0
Superb sound quality for hearing Excellent bassDefinitely u will love this sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product super music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Connecting is very slow but always too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound performance bass is another level worth to buy just go for it ..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
Overall value for money. Suitable for a small to medium sized room. Bass is really nice but vocals and music quality could have been better. But you cannot complain it for the price point it comes.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Watt A.  Sound.   Wat A boss wat A disignpradeep mREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound 🤗READ MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good but little bit subwoofer failedREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent product 😊❤️READ MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product by boat at rs4999READ MORE,5.0
good bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Hello got this product as shown.Nice Sound quality, With balanced mid and lows along with balanced set equaliser.160 watt model is wireless, that's is really good. Range of connection is good between sound baar and subwoofer. Awesome product and loving is sound quality or designed.That's fine overall good quality 👍😊READ MORE",5.0
Perfect at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth range low connectivityREAD MORE,3.0
Very Good Bass and Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Boat is best and beautiful soundbaar iam happy with this product thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Bass...... As mentioned Ground Shaking Performance.....READ MORE,5.0
If u get 160 watt for 7k just go for it and it will fulfill your needs it just sound bar and subwoofer don't expect surround sound but just ok better than tv speakerREAD MORE,4.0
In this price range boAt is BEST..I purchase this only at  Rs 4949.. Thanks flipkart for this Republic Day Sale..and boAt too..Bass is awesome it sounds like boom boom..I highly recommend this boAt..Aavante Bar1550...Everyone must travel with this boAt.READ MORE,5.0
All is owsm only issue with connectivtyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice sound bar.value for money but installation service by jeeves is not good.by the way this soundbar have soo loud volume and heavy bass.if your budget is 10000rs I prefer everyone to buy this soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Problem with this soundbar is bluetooth connectivity at a minimal distance. There is no continuous connectivity with the TV If it's distance is more than 1meterREAD MORE,1.0
Owsm 👌 sound and heavy bassREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best product that i ever used . Amazing sound quality but plz give hdmi inside the box but it's amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Heavy bass 🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
Osm product 😍😍bass is  speechless🔥🔥 and pretty sound ❤️And all is very good💥READ MORE,5.0
Melodies sound .READ MORE,5.0
Product is nice if u get at Rs 4000/- not more than that.READ MORE,3.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product nice  sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Awsm very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is just awesome 👍Design is also beautiful ❤️Just looking it 💕READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Product is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best bass in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productsREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds good.... Tq to filkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice pro3READ MORE,5.0
Too good awesome product...the best one.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
Awsome sound quality.. cystal clear sound...tq flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
The best soundbar of all time.BoAt is always the best.Worth every penny.READ MORE,5.0
BestestREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality super bass super superREAD MORE,5.0
powerful music system in boat soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Quality is very good feel and deep bassREAD MORE,5.0
very nice sound and powerfull bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. Must buy. I bought for 4.5kREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent..READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is osmREAD MORE,5.0
I am satisfied with this productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not good as expected only bass boosted Treble is not enough if you disconnect the sub woofer you can feel tv speaker is better then boat sound bar . Please go for some othersREAD MORE,1.0
Installed today.. Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality is excellent but connectivity problemREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It's an awesome piece of Sound BarREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product value for the moneySound base aslo good , Installation also free good service to Flipkart...READ MORE",5.0
Best sound quality ☺️🎉🎉🎊🎊READ MORE,5.0
Very very very good soundbar by boatREAD MORE,5.0
All is good just bass is a little bit more than enough.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome 😎🤘READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound output and easy connecting options. Overall satisfied with the product.READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good service and excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent bass with crisp treble!READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Is price range m best sound bar h awsm .... 🔥READ MORE,5.0
Must buy 100 out of 100 We are purchased 120 and 160 soundbar 2 soundbar of boat.. ty FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Super ek no boat aavante soundbar 2000READ MORE,5.0
Bass is good but have to keep the subwoofer into a certain angle but the soundbar sound quality is average and gets distorted at some specific high pitch soundsREAD MORE,3.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and amazing sound quality. I suggest to buy you a boat soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is blast 🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Boat is just master in sound & bass..no competition ever go for it without second thoughtREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product..Awesome Sound and build quality...timely delivered and installation...thank you flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
"I purchased Boat avante 1550 best design I hered a sound, it is  Clear voice and good bass. You must to buy it you can not feel boring when it will play. Price is almost good . It does not vibrate when you play in loud sound . SuperbREAD MORE",5.0
Very very bad...READ MORE,1.0
"It's a good package for the sound lovers like me , who like bass more ! So good value for money product ! And it's work perfectly indoor , but little low for outdoor usage ! Otherwise it's a boob box you would love to enjoy 😉READ MORE",5.0
Very fast installation with almost 2 hours after delivery time.READ MORE,5.0
Only in 5k this product is most worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product...I like its sound...Thank you boat...Thank you flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Awsome sound quality.. cystal clear sound...tq flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
The best soundbar of all time.BoAt is always the best.Worth every penny.READ MORE,5.0
BestestREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality super bass super superREAD MORE,5.0
powerful music system in boat soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
The sound quality is Awesome!👌👌👌Build quality & connectivity is also good.Bass🔥🔥🔥 Nice package. Loved it❤️READ MORE,5.0
What a sound it.. Just blew my mind to be honestREAD MORE,5.0
Bass supar nice osmREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product and gud quality..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesome highlet bass and sound totaly satisfaction 👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Installation men's work appreciatedREAD MORE,5.0
This is Best in this Range 👌READ MORE,4.0
Thank you BoAtREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It's an awesome piece of Sound BarREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product value for the moneySound base aslo good , Installation also free good service to Flipkart...READ MORE",5.0
"Very good product.. super sounds clarity...bass is very nice.... quality is good... fast delivery and installation.. so,iam happy... Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",4.0
This is very good swoofarREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound bar and woofer with such a good priceREAD MORE,5.0
Fully powerful product by boat its extremely good do not hesitate to buy.it hass perfect sound with excellent bass to good it doesn't made me regret my decision of buying it.am seriously glad i purchased it💯One day delivery was on time💯And installation was done totally perfect by the installation service💯READ MORE,5.0
"Nice soundbar 160w, nice sound, better sound quality Awesome bass ,in last full on fantastic product you must be buy....READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product😍READ MORE,5.0
Super ❤️READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super.. bassREAD MORE,4.0
Very Good sound quality...👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Is price range m best sound bar h awsm .... 🔥READ MORE,5.0
Must buy 100 out of 100 We are purchased 120 and 160 soundbar 2 soundbar of boat.. ty FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Super ek no boat aavante soundbar 2000READ MORE,5.0
Bass is good but have to keep the subwoofer into a certain angle but the soundbar sound quality is average and gets distorted at some specific high pitch soundsREAD MORE,3.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and amazing sound quality. I suggest to buy you a boat soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is blast 🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Boat is just master in sound & bass..no competition ever go for it without second thoughtREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product..Awesome Sound and build quality...timely delivered and installation...thank you flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
Good bassREAD MORE,4.0
Superb sound barLittle but Connectivity Problem Otherwise SuperbWorth moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is awesome mind blowing bassREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is extremely good on this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
Heart thumping bass.. Specially for bass lovers. Go for it. U will not regret...READ MORE,5.0
very nice bamb siraaREAD MORE,5.0
"Great bass, nice sound clarity, happy to have it. Express delivery from flipkart. Same day installation. Bought it today only. Let's see how it works.After 4 months of use the woofer is having some issue. The sound is distorted. Complaint to boat but the problem didn't solved yet. Need help from flipkart to resolve my issue.READ MORE",4.0
At this price range this is best soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Nice yaar soothing sound.....and many moreREAD MORE,5.0
Superb.... Great sound quality.... BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound base is super but iam not satisfied because I am only two days use this sound after then Power on Failure. I complain authorised service center but not beter Response.... Iam not Satisfied 😡😡😡😡READ MORE,2.0
Bass was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super but inbuilt battery noREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good and excited productREAD MORE,5.0
very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Osm soundbar but poor connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product at super awesome price😍READ MORE,5.0
Boat Avent sound bar and subwoofer really fantastic sounds Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Best quality soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I got this on big billion day sale time. Till now it is rocking. Loved this productREAD MORE,5.0
Hard bass....boosted❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent product then LG, Sonny, Philips ant etc, it has very good and smooth bass not harmful sound and very loud voice it have 3D, music, movie, newse type mode sound and you must use 3D sound because that sound is awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Perfect for its priceREAD MORE,5.0
I m happyREAD MORE,4.0
Not respond boat center and Flipkart waranty product not sell thes flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent soundREAD MORE,5.0
I feel the bass is too punchy sometimes and voice clarity is upto standards.READ MORE,4.0
Bass quality is mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Awasome bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
awsome base with nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
great product.i m happy.tq flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product....didn't believed in online purchase but more than satisfied with this sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
Ows soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound superbREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound system in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product but outdoor sound loudness is lowREAD MORE,4.0
Heart thumping bass.. Specially for bass lovers. Go for it. U will not regret...READ MORE,5.0
very nice bamb siraaREAD MORE,5.0
"Great bass, nice sound clarity, happy to have it. Express delivery from flipkart. Same day installation. Bought it today only. Let's see how it works.After 4 months of use the woofer is having some issue. The sound is distorted. Complaint to boat but the problem didn't solved yet. Need help from flipkart to resolve my issue.READ MORE",4.0
At this price range this is best soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Nice yaar soothing sound.....and many moreREAD MORE,5.0
Superb.... Great sound quality.... BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound base is super but iam not satisfied because I am only two days use this sound after then Power on Failure. I complain authorised service center but not beter Response.... Iam not Satisfied 😡😡😡😡READ MORE,2.0
Bass was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super but inbuilt battery noREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good and excited productREAD MORE,5.0
very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Osm soundbar but poor connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product at super awesome price😍READ MORE,5.0
Boat Avent sound bar and subwoofer really fantastic sounds Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
All good but woofer connectivity not good plz don't buy wireless sound bar.Boat service 3rd class.READ MORE,3.0
Nice sound bar..good base..but little heavy base at high volume..good for movies..not so good for music lovers..READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Simply super.. 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome bass.... overall good product at this price range..READ MORE,5.0
It's really good and loud Fantastic products but amount is high whan I bought.other wise great dealREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass ka bap. Loved the product. But sound lag is there on BT, HDMI. Optical cable connected, not even worked. Connectivity can be made better and quick.READ MORE",3.0
No need to detail it. It's purely value against the money paid.READ MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Blindly Go For This Guys 😊😊😊Nothing Sounds better than this ❤️❤️😘😘READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome soundBetter bassButPoor build quality 👎👎👎READ MORE,4.0
Improve your Sound  BarREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
After one month woofer is not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Very good product 👌 👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound superbREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound system in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product but outdoor sound loudness is lowREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound quality...and great designREAD MORE,4.0
Sound is good .Some time bass over and bluetooth range lowREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Loud and clear sound,bass is awesome 😎READ MORE",5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Its so nice..good for bass lover...160w enough 4 any size of room..READ MORE,5.0
Awesosome product.... bass is very nice... its like as theatre feeling.... this product for bass lovers.... thumping and ground shaking bass.... but hdmi conect take some few minutea... thank you flipkart...❤️READ MORE,5.0
Good product 👍 and flipkart good delivery patnar and thank flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
AvgREAD MORE,3.0
Bad product...READ MORE,1.0
Very good as per the price point it is coming.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Just love it ❤READ MORE,5.0
Bass domination compare to soundREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
It's good..READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
boAt sounds good👍READ MORE,4.0
Super beautifulREAD MORE,4.0
Nyz soundREAD MORE,5.0
Flipcart service super& boat quality is very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome bass.... overall good product at this price range..READ MORE,5.0
It's really good and loud Fantastic products but amount is high whan I bought.other wise great dealREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass ka bap. Loved the product. But sound lag is there on BT, HDMI. Optical cable connected, not even worked. Connectivity can be made better and quick.READ MORE",3.0
No need to detail it. It's purely value against the money paid.READ MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Blindly Go For This Guys 😊😊😊Nothing Sounds better than this ❤️❤️😘😘READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome soundBetter bassButPoor build quality 👎👎👎READ MORE,4.0
Improve your Sound  BarREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"After one month woofer is not working, I have experience worse of this product and no response from customer care. One of the worse experience with customers care they not talking responsibility to resolve the issue ,it is going to 5 month to raise the request but no response and not even proper response when we call customer care.I personally recommend to not buy this productREAD MORE",2.0
Very good product 👌 👍READ MORE,5.0
Sound bar USB port not working now.i want returnREAD MORE,2.0
"Excellent Sound Quality, Extreme Bass.......!READ MORE",5.0
Sound system is wow according to wattagesREAD MORE,5.0
Remote problem hi to call meREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good one but max volume could have been better.READ MORE,3.0
V good goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good for rate 5550READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product at this price range..... bass is to high.. overall sound quality is decentREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity lowREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent..superb💯READ MORE,5.0
"Good product, worth for priceREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Will Always Be On The TopREAD MORE,5.0
Lovely Bass I like it Excellent speaker for that price range Rs.5500Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
OkayREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good... ❣READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound. Bass is also awesome. The guy came for installation had no clue about the product. He iz not ready for demo the functionality. Below average support.READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
boAt sounds good👍READ MORE,4.0
Super beautifulREAD MORE,4.0
Nyz soundREAD MORE,5.0
Flipcart service super& boat quality is very niceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Product is very good sound quality is also good,  but installation service is bad....READ MORE",4.0
Super boat sound bar Subwoofer.READ MORE,5.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,4.0
hdmi port not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Amazin 🥰READ MORE,5.0
Good luckREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good product  👍READ MORE,5.0
Superb performance deep bassREAD MORE,4.0
As per price products is soo goodREAD MORE,4.0
Superb 👍READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
really enjoyed one for this giftREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound and good bas too...go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  audio system  in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Not a best experienceREAD MORE,5.0
"First thing first - there is no battery, the system runs on electricity. You will require 2 plug point separately for speaker and woofer. This system comes with an AUX (AU) cable if you want to connect it to a tv. Other connection options are HDMI (HD), Optical Cable (OP) and mainly Bluetooth (BT), HDMI and Optical Cable is not there in the box. The sound is good, both Treble and Bass can range from -5 to +5. There are preset  for movie, news and music. Sometimes the woofer sound feels out of...READ MORE",4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good one but max volume could have been better.READ MORE,3.0
V good goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good for rate 5550READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product at this price range..... bass is to high.. overall sound quality is decentREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity lowREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent..superb💯READ MORE,5.0
"Good product, worth for priceREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Will Always Be On The TopREAD MORE,5.0
Lovely Bass I like it Excellent speaker for that price range Rs.5500Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound bar clear sound i love it thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound....READ MORE,5.0
Sub woofer works very well but sound bar has poor performance.READ MORE,2.0
Sound goodBass very goodQuality too goodDelivery super goodThanks SALER And Flipkart 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
Bass is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Product is very good in this budjet.READ MORE,5.0
It was a great product for the price but Bluetooth cannectivity not so gud soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality and bass  awesome.Very easy to operate through remote.If connect with optical cable sound quality is much more good compare with HDMIREAD MORE,5.0
Amezing experience best product nice audio quality band bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
This bluetooth soundbar is best at this price and amazing sounds qualityREAD MORE,5.0
AmezingREAD MORE,5.0
Sound qiality is low parfomance blutooth connection.Price rate High this product not batter sound 120w i don't like this .READ MORE,2.0
Good product. One shall go ahead.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and prize is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Sub woofer stops in middleREAD MORE,1.0
Nice bessREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome yaarREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Best bass and sound I am a bass loverREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound.super.bas..bharath.soud.s.RaichurREAD MORE,4.0
BetterREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks to flipkartMake me proudSound like djREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amaging....READ MORE,5.0
Very gud bassREAD MORE,5.0
Crystal clear sound and earth shaking base...READ MORE,5.0
"Super quality and bass,sound.READ MORE",5.0
Bass excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing sound quality in this price I purchased at 6300READ MORE,5.0
Nice... and good bassREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodect 👍👍💕READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth performance is poorSound is just okREAD MORE,2.0
Good product ....👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product at this price range. Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"Connectivity problem in Bluetooth ,READ MORE",3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and sound qualitu is also good but volume is slightly slow soo volume jyada hoti or to or mzaaa aataREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundbar....I love boat...I love flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
I surprised too have this product.. Valuble for the moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
"Isn't work with my LG smart tv. When we play YouTube, prime video and NetflixREAD MORE",1.0
Nice sound bar clear sound i love it thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound....READ MORE,5.0
Sub woofer works very well but sound bar has poor performance.READ MORE,2.0
Sound goodBass very goodQuality too goodDelivery super goodThanks SALER And Flipkart 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
Awesome.product. sound quality very nice.READ MORE,5.0
It will never let u down after purchase as its worth every penny of your invested moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing sound bar by boat in that price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good 👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Great productIt's a worth buying product...Great sound quality and especially it's bass quality is damn good .READ MORE,5.0
HDMI slot is not working no support from the customer support teamREAD MORE,2.0
Sound is very good and loud....READ MORE,5.0
Super 💃🕺💃🕺 wonderful BassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound systemREAD MORE,4.0
Sound and prize is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Sub woofer stops in middleREAD MORE,1.0
Nice bessREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome yaarREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Best bass and sound I am a bass loverREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound.super.bas..bharath.soud.s.RaichurREAD MORE,4.0
BetterREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks to flipkartMake me proudSound like djREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amaging....READ MORE,5.0
Very gud bassREAD MORE,5.0
Crystal clear sound and earth shaking base...READ MORE,5.0
"Super quality and bass,sound.READ MORE",5.0
Bass excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing sound quality in this price I purchased at 6300READ MORE,5.0
Nice... and good bassREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice one...READ MORE,5.0
BEST SOUNDBAR I HAVE EVER USED..IF YOU ARE THINKING TO BUT IT..GO FOR IT 💯💯💯READ MORE,5.0
When volume increases sound cracksREAD MORE,4.0
Wofeer quality is very poor..One of waste product of boat...no return policy...no customer care.... friends pls avoid boat speakers..this is my pain full review..READ MORE,1.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 👌READ MORE,5.0
Don't parches itam warrest delivari boy warrest product warrest flipkart itama no response flipkart customer care executiveREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Usefull for bass lovers....  For mild sound quality please go for anotherREAD MORE,3.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound effect.  Worth one..👍READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
"Loved it. Good quality for this price range. When connected with bluetooth, sound quality is good. Only problem faced is, when connected with aux, the sound quality is ver low. Overall it is good product.READ MORE",5.0
Baas baas bass  Jabardast but person came for installation was not proper he was unable to start hd sound option Not proper person for installationREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome.product. sound quality very nice.READ MORE,5.0
It will never let u down after purchase as its worth every penny of your invested moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing sound bar by boat in that price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
I wants to purchase Sony but price very high because of I go with boAt it's very nice superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Satisfied about sound quality and build , connectivity- auxiliary some poor but Bluetooth & HDMI great.READ MORE",5.0
Powerfull bass sound quality is very clear  I am very happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
Awesome theatre effect...best for partiesREAD MORE,5.0
Khatrnak soundREAD MORE,5.0
Don't expect 3D surround experience. Had good sound and frequency emitter with stereo sound effect not a theatrical experience. If you want theatrical experience go for 5.1 home theatreREAD MORE,4.0
Mind blowing purchase thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice..... Good quality Product.... Sound and base quality good....READ MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product at very reasonable price. Bass effects is awesome. Base lovers can go for it damm sure recommended.READ MORE,4.0
Good Bass effect..Good sound...nice design...looks great...READ MORE,5.0
awesome bassmuch clear sound than expected...boat always rockz 😍♥️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice experienceREAD MORE,4.0
I would say it’s the best at such a nominal n affordable price ...my movie experience has changed a lot after I bought this ...it’s value for money ...and my neighbors are envy and I  am proud ...READ MORE,5.0
In this range sound quality is awesome.Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Audio out put is so good. But a little bit lag when we connected tv via bluetooth. It's a big backdrop with this product.READ MORE,5.0
Blue tooth via connect my TV any chance Thomson 40inches smart 4k.READ MORE,4.0
"I bought this 5k, worthyREAD MORE",4.0
masterpiece❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Wonderful productREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is verry amazing is bass is all shake my tv stand 120 w rms out put is sound bar is best for 50 to 55 inch our budget fitREAD MORE,5.0
It's GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome👌READ MORE,4.0
Nice one...READ MORE,5.0
BEST SOUNDBAR I HAVE EVER USED..IF YOU ARE THINKING TO BUT IT..GO FOR IT 💯💯💯READ MORE,5.0
When volume increases sound cracksREAD MORE,4.0
Wofeer quality is very poor..One of waste product of boat...no return policy...no customer care.... friends pls avoid boat speakers..this is my pain full review..READ MORE,1.0
It's very good productAnd very clear sound effectREAD MORE,5.0
"Worth of  money, awesome sound, for  room its awesome,After 4 month review, simply awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
"My review after using this sound bar for 1month-Pros:1. Value for money proposition. This is one of the affordable sound bar available in market today, which will not let u down on any front.2. It offers superior build quality at this price point.3. Bass is very good, but most of the songs you can enjoy at the lowest bass settings only.4. Output though optical cable is superb. It is better than bluetooth.5. If you are looking for sound bar below 8k, just go for it blindly.Cons:1. Qual...READ MORE",5.0
Superb bass and cleartyREAD MORE,5.0
Crystal clear Sound its AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
sound is good but gets ugly as soon as you increase it. still very nice for the price point 👍🏼👍🏼READ MORE,4.0
Thanks flipkart. This sound bar is awesome. It has Very good base. Design quality is good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound outpot valuable money good everything very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome product.Nice bass. Good discounted price got at 4500/- for 120W. Good built up quality.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Perfect soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
What a sound🗣️ bass is best🙆READ MORE,5.0
Completely satisfied with this product. Sound that it delivers is awesome. Sound is so loud and clear that it can be used for little outdoor party... Installation guy was a professional and he provided on time installation and demo..READ MORE,5.0
good lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
"I baught this before 10 days and after using i feel this is the best soundbar i could have. Bass and treble is given more than you think and the design is very premium. Only the quality of material used in remote is cheaper, anyway the remote comes with radio frequency. So at this price i think there is no one in competition with Boat.READ MORE",5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity between soundbar and subwoofer frequently disconnecting.READ MORE,1.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
What I liked:1. Sound quality is good.2. BASS and Treble can be controlled manually.3. Remote is good.4. Bluetooth and USB connectivity.And I disliked following:1. The wire that connects subwoofer with sound bar is short.The product is okay with this price tag.READ MORE,4.0
Just amazing. Loved sound quality. Perfect bass/trible ratioREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good but not up to the markREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome sound quality and 3d surror awesome boat is best super sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
The sound quality is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Writing this review after using it for a monthActually, I purchase this for marriage purpose to play the songs in functionsbut before that, it stopped working after 3 days because of power failure it was not getting ONI filed a complaint against warranty to the boat portal and contacted customer care they said it will be repaired within 15 days but the serviceman called me on the 16th day and he kept me waiting whole day just saying coming in 30 min however he repaired that and now it's ...READ MORE",3.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
ExlentREAD MORE,5.0
"Super Bass effect But Soundbar Creates unwanted Noises, i think it is defective.READ MORE",3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality and good priceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound for this price. I loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Good brand to trust. Always I like delivery and installation is on timeREAD MORE,4.0
Fabulous sounbarMust buyREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice  better than motorolaREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Review after one week .Excellent sound quality with good base.very happy with this productREAD MORE,5.0
Super superREAD MORE,5.0
It's very good productAnd very clear sound effectREAD MORE,5.0
"Worth of  money, awesome sound, for  room its awesome,After 4 month review, simply awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
"My review after using this sound bar for 1month-Pros:1. Value for money proposition. This is one of the affordable sound bar available in market today, which will not let u down on any front.2. It offers superior build quality at this price point.3. Bass is very good, but most of the songs you can enjoy at the lowest bass settings only.4. Output though optical cable is superb. It is better than bluetooth.5. If you are looking for sound bar below 8k, just go for it blindly.Cons:1. Qual...READ MORE",5.0
Superb bass and cleartyREAD MORE,5.0
Crystal clear Sound its AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
sound is good but gets ugly as soon as you increase it. still very nice for the price point 👍🏼👍🏼READ MORE,4.0
Thanks flipkart. This sound bar is awesome. It has Very good base. Design quality is good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound outpot valuable money good everything very good productREAD MORE,5.0
NormalREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome product.Nice bass. Good discounted price got at 4500/- for 120W. Good built up quality.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Perfect soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
What a sound🗣️ bass is best🙆READ MORE,5.0
Completely satisfied with this product. Sound that it delivers is awesome. Sound is so loud and clear that it can be used for little outdoor party... Installation guy was a professional and he provided on time installation and demo..READ MORE,5.0
good lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
"I baught this before 10 days and after using i feel this is the best soundbar i could have. Bass and treble is given more than you think and the design is very premium. Only the quality of material used in remote is cheaper, anyway the remote comes with radio frequency. So at this price i think there is no one in competition with Boat.READ MORE",5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity between soundbar and subwoofer frequently disconnecting.READ MORE,1.0
Wow amazing😍🤩READ MORE,5.0
Aavante bar 2000 is superb satisfied completely with my decision sound quality is good bass and design also good . thanks flipkart for such good servicesREAD MORE,5.0
Its goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
WoW...READ MORE,4.0
Just AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound Quality..best in Range 👍READ MORE,5.0
Very nice.....READ MORE,4.0
Vary good quality and sound like great. Bass ka bapREAD MORE,5.0
But Bluetooth connectivity problem.old version not 5.0READ MORE,3.0
Fabulous 🔥 Suggest for purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Audio is outstandingREAD MORE,4.0
Recommended for only bass loversREAD MORE,3.0
The bass is superb for the price and wattAll the others are amazing in this soundbar But only one defect the aux cable quality is poorREAD MORE,4.0
Great but bass is not as much as I expected.READ MORE,4.0
Product was very good bass and travulls is very good but installation boy is very lejee and not attend my phone and not my music system installation boy is not attend very bad and my calls are time to time ignore and not attend my phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"I loved the bass, The sound range is good! Anyone looking for decent as well as good music outlet this is ur product, just go for it, leave the rest.I generally dnt write reviews but i have to admit the quality of packing, to the delivery of sound as well ...flipkart u r amazing!READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is very superREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
After one month suffering with connectivity issueREAD MORE,2.0
Best in marketREAD MORE,5.0
Sweet sound looks nice like itREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound and bass .A suggestions for boAt company ..please made rat proof woofer.READ MORE,5.0
VERY NICE  PRODUCT BASS IS VERY GOODREAD MORE,5.0
"Super awesome sound  super product for 8,999 rs niceREAD MORE",5.0
Good sound barREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Great product with awesome bass. Had snough sound at 15.READ MORE,5.0
Its Good enough at this price range. It would be better if it had dolby sound also.READ MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Speaker design is not so good but bass &sound quality is nice.READ MORE,5.0
"It's a nice average product. After all price matters. 5k should be its peak price. 4k will be the right price.After few days.....Remote is not at all good. Its response is not good.After power off, it goes back to default mode. Every time it needs to set and needs to power on. It annoys a lot. Present time is not good at all.READ MORE",2.0
I brought this product 1 month ago.. sound & bass quality is just fatafati...READ MORE,5.0
Good product and niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
This product is good product 👍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
BrilliantREAD MORE,5.0
Product is excellent but delay in installationREAD MORE,5.0
"As it is newly bought it's working awesome . Superb sound quality and bass . Perfect for music , in house party for flat and watching movies . I had earlier purchased boat rugby 2-3 years back . Its result was good without any complaint so opted again for boat when decided to purchase sound bar for home theatre experience . My personal opinion is that to rate any product based on current experience when it is just installed is of no use . I would like to rate the product positively when for m...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best for home purpose and reasonableREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
great product good job by boatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Osm fantastic picture productsREAD MORE,5.0
I used this from last 1 week and I absorbed it's good and nice sounds quality is to good bass also upto mark Design was nice and stylists and unique Connectivity is also good I used this with my MI tv with hdmi cable it' hase also bluetooth and aux continuity Overall it's good for home and music lover Thank you flipcart for this But I m disappointed from jeevas technician he is not well trandREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very happy With It..❤️READ MORE,4.0
Very good product Full Bass Bass BasdREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Sub woofer was not workedREAD MORE,1.0
I'm writing this review after one week and I would like to thank to flipcart for on time delivery and installationIt's a good quality of sound and connectivity is osm And bass is ultimate . I get this for 6k instead 8k I'm very happy of that and boat should improve the remote quality....worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Super Colety Super Sounds Boat Is The Best Compny ❤ The BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Connection problem with HDMI.  whenever I start the TV each time I have to on and off CEC setting in the tv then switch between input options by remote to get sounds via HDMI. I have Marq soundbar.  That works very nice.  So please think before you purchase.READ MORE,3.0
A love this canctveti  problems  but 5/4.9READ MORE,5.0
Great but bass is not as much as I expected.READ MORE,4.0
Product was very good bass and travulls is very good but installation boy is very lejee and not attend my phone and not my music system installation boy is not attend very bad and my calls are time to time ignore and not attend my phoneREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"I loved the bass, The sound range is good! Anyone looking for decent as well as good music outlet this is ur product, just go for it, leave the rest.I generally dnt write reviews but i have to admit the quality of packing, to the delivery of sound as well ...flipkart u r amazing!READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is very superREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
After one month suffering with connectivity issueREAD MORE,2.0
Best in marketREAD MORE,5.0
Sweet sound looks nice like itREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound and bass .A suggestions for boAt company ..please made rat proof woofer.READ MORE,5.0
1. Grabbed it on Flipkart Big Billion Sale Boat Aavante Bar 1550 120W 2. Recently Boat Aavante Bar 2000 160W Both are very good at sound price is very reasonable Really loved it 🥰READ MORE,3.0
Sound and treble was awesome ..... If you are bass lover you can buy this product blindly ........READ MORE,5.0
Very awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bass boomed loved worth to buy itREAD MORE,5.0
The bass does not come untill you increase the volume to full... Tried to order another model of higher price on the day of installation in place of the above through Flipkart only but the executive was not at all cooperative... Total waste of hard earned money..shame on you Flipkart...you guys still need  a Big leap to cover customer satisfactionREAD MORE,1.0
Very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super Bass. Awesome sound.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is so good..READ MORE,4.0
Very deep and detailed bass best in class let you feel the sound worth the money purchase after experiencingREAD MORE,5.0
"just ossm ...i,m happy with this product ... connection speed so fast..do u want the real feeling of base bass box stable on the floor then u feel the real bassREAD MORE",5.0
after 10 days of install i identify the problem that was when i connect my 55 inch tv sound out put was sucking and its like a low power . when i talk to customer care there answer is not meet my expectation. so i wait few day if problem solve i remove this review other wise i leave review as teaseREAD MORE,1.0
"Sound was amazing, installation is good, technician is very Helpful and responsive, but no built-in FMREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice product in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product - Boat Aavante 2000 160W.Didn't face any issues connecting with MI TV . If you face issues, connect Hdmi arc cable, try going to settings and select inputs --> let tv control hdmi. Restart the TV.Aavante 2000 has Bluetooth 5.0 now as mentioned on box I received. May be older one had 4.2 so the pic is wrong.For soft music, you can always disconnect the woofer of you want. Wireless woofer can be placed within 10 feet range so that there are no lags.My hall is very big l...READ MORE",5.0
"Sound quality is best, deep bass but remot not warking propaly.READ MORE",4.0
Nice product. worst courier service GATI courier. Took 18 days for delivery. Please don't send through GATI.READ MORE,5.0
Best for bass loverREAD MORE,4.0
Superb I bought it in 5499READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best for home purpose and reasonableREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
great product good job by boatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Osm fantastic picture productsREAD MORE,5.0
I used this from last 1 week and I absorbed it's good and nice sounds quality is to good bass also upto mark Design was nice and stylists and unique Connectivity is also good I used this with my MI tv with hdmi cable it' hase also bluetooth and aux continuity Overall it's good for home and music lover Thank you flipcart for this But I m disappointed from jeevas technician he is not well trandREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very happy With It..❤️READ MORE,4.0
Very good product Full Bass Bass BasdREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Sub woofer was not workedREAD MORE,1.0
I'm writing this review after one week and I would like to thank to flipcart for on time delivery and installationIt's a good quality of sound and connectivity is osm And bass is ultimate . I get this for 6k instead 8k I'm very happy of that and boat should improve the remote quality....worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Super Colety Super Sounds Boat Is The Best Compny ❤ The BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Connection problem with HDMI.  whenever I start the TV each time I have to on and off CEC setting in the tv then switch between input options by remote to get sounds via HDMI. I have Marq soundbar.  That works very nice.  So please think before you purchase.READ MORE,3.0
A love this canctveti  problems  but 5/4.9READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is terrible It's a great product of BoatI really enjoyed 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome WorkREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic BASS. Worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Best sounds Quality and best 3D sound I love it superREAD MORE,4.0
It's not work in MI tv and also Bluetooth connectivity is so poor.Same as flip side i use JBL hand Bluetooth speakers It's working properly.Bed QualityREAD MORE,1.0
good bass and sound quality awesome in this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
sound quality is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super  aisamREAD MORE,5.0
Just waooooREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome👏👏👏READ MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Powerfull BassREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money... power packREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, Value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Deep bass supperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, good bass, value 4 money product 👍READ MORE",4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good but when price is low! Around 4kREAD MORE,4.0
Woofer wooferREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
"Very Very good..... ,,,,READ MORE",5.0
It is not working at all after 20 days of usage.READ MORE,1.0
Boat aavante bar 2000 Sound Quality is very good and built quality is also GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is supppbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar speaker sound good... But old old song playing different sounds in speakerREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.READ MORE,5.0
Good product sound quality awesome in this. Price segment I love this sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Base sound exlent quality superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
No bad overall ok to enjoy musicREAD MORE,3.0
Product goodSound goodBass very goodRemote quality very poor Connectivity is poorTechnician service very friendlyI buy this product in 5999 but it's not for value of money should price decrease.READ MORE,4.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good it's okREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good weekendREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good speaker in this range bass awesome..if your bugdet under 10 k then go for it but there is a Bluetooth connectivity issueREAD MORE,4.0
Rats is very highREAD MORE,4.0
Connecting issue between soundbar and woofer box.READ MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product. It deserve 5Star rating for this price. Now I rate this with 4stars and I will update my rating after six months  useREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is extraordinary. I like it. Good choice with reasonable price. Thanks flipkart and installation person.READ MORE,5.0
Sound clarity is not Good..I'm not satisfiedREAD MORE,2.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Super super super super tqqqq 🥰🥰🥰 Flipkart sooo niceREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD QUALITY AND VERY NICEREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super  aisamREAD MORE,5.0
Just waooooREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome👏👏👏READ MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Powerfull BassREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money... power packREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, Value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
SuprbREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent budget friendly soundbar ... good clarity , bass and worth each penny spent.READ MORE",5.0
Simply aswome. Sound quality is good bass is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product....READ MORE,4.0
At this price there no other competitor to give such badassREAD MORE,4.0
The most disgusting product.The woofers bass are not working after 2 days..The most worst product.And the service centre are not doing anything...READ MORE,2.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is supppbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar speaker sound good... But old old song playing different sounds in speakerREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.READ MORE,5.0
Good product sound quality awesome in this. Price segment I love this sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Base sound exlent quality superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
No bad overall ok to enjoy musicREAD MORE,3.0
Product goodSound goodBass very goodRemote quality very poor Connectivity is poorTechnician service very friendlyI buy this product in 5999 but it's not for value of money should price decrease.READ MORE,4.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi flipkart users, iam giving this review after using soundbar for 2months, I took soundbar 1550 , 120w versionsound was awesome  Bass is very smooth n classic Bluetooth connectivity is very fast to pair. 10m long Remote control was fine Complete product was beast sound bar, I I'll give 5/5 rating for this bcz iam completely satisfied with this boat soundSo go for 1550 120w without 2nd thought.... Genuine reveiw I hope this review will help youREAD MORE",5.0
Super 😚READ MORE,4.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
But give me remote as like 60w sound barREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Everything awesomeSoundbase outstanding ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Quality awesomeButInstallation service very very very bad 👎👎👎👎👎READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Sound full Theatre Feeling......READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality 1no all goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar not workingREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Jhakas productsREAD MORE,4.0
1) Sound is good. Look and bass also nice 2) When we operating bar remote it reduces tv volume.3) Not suitable for 3pin jack tv connector not match your expectation.4) While playing with Bluetooth or USB gives superb sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Jordar soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound not good but high bass, useful for liquor partyREAD MORE",3.0
Just awsome for small roomREAD MORE,5.0
It's very amazing products tq filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you boat teamREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Nice experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Very deley for installation but sound quality is good.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice 👍👍👍READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
SuprbREAD MORE,4.0
Mind blowing sound really super bass & stereo 3d sound really super super super super super super super boatREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass great, cinematic sound awesome....Better than Sony....at this price Got it at 4999/- Wait for sale to get it in low priceREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"Earth shaking Bass, Atom Dolby surround sound. Awesome experienceREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Ok for 10×9 size roomREAD MORE,2.0
Worth of money good quality of sound and clear sound when u see a movie in this it’s just supperREAD MORE,5.0
Great product at this price range. A must buy.READ MORE,5.0
Product is very good but my woofer is not connecting with sound bar  I WANT WARRANTY CLAIM AND NO ACTION IS TAKEN YET IAM WAITING FROM 1WEEK NO ACTION IS TAKEN VERY NERVOUS FROM BOAT AND FLIPKART ALSOREAD MORE,5.0
Beutiful product. Nice bass. Nice looking.READ MORE,5.0
Worth....must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality Look like very slim Easy to installREAD MORE,4.0
Awsm sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Base is super..   Sound bar sound is clear in max volume. But sorround is bad..READ MORE,3.0
Product is good and worth for money... Coming to installation part it was not good actually.. He is not suitable person for installation part and he doesn't know about how to connect the product in proper way... He is trying to put output cable into optical connection part but he is not suppose to do that. So I came to know that he doesn't know about installation ... Still I didn't know flipkart sending such kind of person and not even he don't know the availability of speaker fixing to wall.READ MORE,3.0
"Hi flipkart users, iam giving this review after using soundbar for 2months, I took soundbar 1550 , 120w versionsound was awesome  Bass is very smooth n classic Bluetooth connectivity is very fast to pair. 10m long Remote control was fine Complete product was beast sound bar, I I'll give 5/5 rating for this bcz iam completely satisfied with this boat soundSo go for 1550 120w without 2nd thought.... Genuine reveiw I hope this review will help youREAD MORE",5.0
Super 😚READ MORE,4.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
But give me remote as like 60w sound barREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Everything awesomeSoundbase outstanding ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Quality awesomeButInstallation service very very very bad 👎👎👎👎👎READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Sound full Theatre Feeling......READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality 1no all goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar not workingREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Jhakas productsREAD MORE,4.0
1) Sound is good. Look and bass also nice 2) When we operating bar remote it reduces tv volume.3) Not suitable for 3pin jack tv connector not match your expectation.4) While playing with Bluetooth or USB gives superb sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Jordar soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound not good but high bass, useful for liquor partyREAD MORE",3.0
Just awsome for small roomREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
At this prize point.. it means 4000-5000 range it is the one of the best sound bar ...Go for it without any hesitationREAD MORE,5.0
Its a good product with its rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Feedback after using of 4 mnths. Its still working amazing. No change in sound quality. I would give 5star.READ MORE,5.0
Just amazing 💓💓💓💓 wanderful soundREAD MORE,5.0
Its a nice product from boAt.  Noise is coming when we put the audio to maximum.READ MORE,3.0
Not BadREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality excellent awesome.This sound system is too good.READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing.READ MORE,4.0
Good sound effect at home thanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Good for Party. It can vibrate your room at high volume. But, Not good for those, who like to listen soft music at average or low volume.READ MORE",4.0
It is very good and we can install easily buy this home theater without any hesitation  excellent sound Quality    kindly go for it it is amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Too much bass AND not that much balanced for a crystal clear soundREAD MORE,3.0
"Earth shaking Bass, Atom Dolby surround sound. Awesome experienceREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Ok for 10×9 size roomREAD MORE,2.0
Worth of money good quality of sound and clear sound when u see a movie in this it’s just supperREAD MORE,5.0
Great product at this price range. A must buy.READ MORE,5.0
Product is very good but my woofer is not connecting with sound bar  I WANT WARRANTY CLAIM AND NO ACTION IS TAKEN YET IAM WAITING FROM 1WEEK NO ACTION IS TAKEN VERY NERVOUS FROM BOAT AND FLIPKART ALSOREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality..... Nice product....... Value for money...... Plus 🇮🇳 product... Must go for it.....READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound Budget soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
SuperrrrREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
I feel so lucky for getting boat and using it they are giving very good listening quality product.. I love boat I purchased in a flash sale in a very good price.. I thank boat all the timeREAD MORE,5.0
Super is close and takeREAD MORE,5.0
Not connected to My tvREAD MORE,1.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
excellent sound barREAD MORE,5.0
iball 200 Better then boat avanteREAD MORE,2.0
averageREAD MORE,3.0
"The Product is Awesome, Bass is more than expected, very happy to get this. Lovely sound. Its superb..READ MORE",5.0
Poor sound quality... Have to pay special attention to understand what is being saidREAD MORE,3.0
Super niceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound clarity and base are goodREAD MORE,5.0
Soundbar was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound.. And super bass .... Recommend must buy productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Just AwasomeREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Best in market budget sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Good 👍 🦸‍♂️ 🦸‍♀️READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product.... 😍🥰READ MORE,5.0
Great Product nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity issue. Automatically disconnected. With source and sub woofer.READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Damaged product..READ MORE,1.0
SuparREAD MORE,4.0
Just amazing 💓💓💓💓 wanderful soundREAD MORE,5.0
Its a nice product from boAt.  Noise is coming when we put the audio to maximum.READ MORE,3.0
Not BadREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality excellent awesome.This sound system is too good.READ MORE,5.0
good super fentasticREAD MORE,5.0
ExlentREAD MORE,5.0
"Good quality and design..If ur bass lover, definitely for u..Design good looks costly..READ MORE",5.0
nice soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
It's very good product his voice is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Signature sound, at this price.READ MORE",5.0
"Best in the price range, super bass and lovely sound. Go for it without any doubt......READ MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's Worth For Money Sound Quality Amazing Bass Punch is so feel Heartbeats can be Humming so overall Quality Product .READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is great  but the last question about battery back up which is not applicable for this  product so gave one star for this .READ MORE,5.0
"Wanted to get this product at low price , was waiting for around a year, and i m not disappointed. Very nice product with good quality sound n good looks with powerful bass. I m totally satisfied, only concern is 3d surround just doesnt sound, and only aux cable came in box, was expecting hdmi cable aswell.READ MORE",4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
No hdmi its disappointing but apart from that its awsomeREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing sound quality 😍READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Sound is very poor Don't buy is productREAD MORE,1.0
"Just bass, nothing else. Sound quality is not great. Bass is too much even at lowest setting. Only certain type of music can be enjoyed with such high Bass. Disappointed with purchase.READ MORE",3.0
"Really nice, value for moneyFree download installationsREAD MORE",4.0
Must byeREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing  product n super  boss. I love it.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product 👍READ MORE,4.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Not as satisfiedREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product. Sound quality is quite good at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Average sound quality.READ MORE,3.0
Don't buy please...1.Connectivity problem2.sound clarity very poor😔READ MORE,1.0
Superb soundREAD MORE,5.0
Better to buy 160READ MORE,4.0
Superb......READ MORE,5.0
It's amazing product sound clearity mind blowing this prise perfect sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  sound quality .READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Super 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Superb bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very owesom productREAD MORE,4.0
Just WoW..Mind blowing purchase...Great Bass...Superb sound quality...elegant look...Delightful performance...Real worth for every single rupee spent..Loved it..READ MORE,5.0
Brilliant sound bass is bass 🔊  so happy to price & qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Its awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
#OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound quality , nice design , bass is bestREAD MORE",5.0
Asome product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
ExlentREAD MORE,5.0
Not installedREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst speaker, don’t buy this is 80watt but sound is less than my present tv 20watt orginal sound, Waste of money.READ MORE",1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and attractive build... productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome from my side I'll give 5starsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
I bought 6300 good this price range not badREAD MORE,5.0
First thing Value for money. In Diwali season I search many showrooms for selecting the good sound bar I found the lot of good companies provided higher range 5.0 channel with higher cost but the same future is available in the boat 2.0 . I'm suggesting for take the boat for good sound quality with lowest price.But 1 - from Flipkart installation boys not did well he don't know how to do the drilling to wall set-up sound bar. please Flipkart send the good person to install the  sound bar to ...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
Good  productsREAD MORE,3.0
"BaD ExEpErIeNcE after 4 months use.[[[[[[[[[HDMI & OPTICAL ports NOT WORKING]]]]]]]]Worst warranty support by Boat, Multiple reminders, multiple calls, not responded, my issue not resolved till now.Initially awesome ((((((( SOUND)))))) in this price range.READ MORE",1.0
Just love it....only i need bass should be more......recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
It sounds like 80w.. subwoofer is worthlessREAD MORE,1.0
"Bed sound quality , I will try for Product Return , Buyer Rejected , and There prices Will Down After purchaseREAD MORE",4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
A must have product. You don't need any additional speaker for parties.READ MORE,5.0
So very good soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Ok hdmi and other.2 wire not sendREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity problem.READ MORE,1.0
"Impressed with packing. Superb bass, lovely design, good colour, very easy to use and connect with Device.160 Watt is sufficient for home use.Thank you Flipkart for this Amazing Sound barREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not as satisfiedREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product. Sound quality is quite good at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Average sound quality.READ MORE,3.0
Don't buy please...1.Connectivity problem2.sound clarity very poor😔READ MORE,1.0
Superb soundREAD MORE,5.0
Better to buy 160READ MORE,4.0
Superb......READ MORE,5.0
It's amazing product sound clearity mind blowing this prise perfect sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  sound quality .READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Super 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Superb bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very owesom productREAD MORE,4.0
Just WoW..Mind blowing purchase...Great Bass...Superb sound quality...elegant look...Delightful performance...Real worth for every single rupee spent..Loved it..READ MORE,5.0
Brilliant sound bass is bass 🔊  so happy to price & qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Its awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
#OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Good Sound Quality 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Good item at this price. Bass and treble are superb. Recommend for use.READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound quality with smooth bass...Love it very much...READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity is the biggest problem with this sound bar. Sound breas during playing an audio or vedio connected with a Bluetooth device. Otherwise product is good. Kindly use with a wired connectivity to enjoy the sound.READ MORE,2.0
Worth for Money.....READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
I bought 6300 good this price range not badREAD MORE,5.0
First thing Value for money. In Diwali season I search many showrooms for selecting the good sound bar I found the lot of good companies provided higher range 5.0 channel with higher cost but the same future is available in the boat 2.0 . I'm suggesting for take the boat for good sound quality with lowest price.But 1 - from Flipkart installation boys not did well he don't know how to do the drilling to wall set-up sound bar. please Flipkart send the good person to install the  sound bar to ...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
Good  productsREAD MORE,3.0
"BaD ExEpErIeNcE after 4 months use.[[[[[[[[[HDMI & OPTICAL ports NOT WORKING]]]]]]]]Worst warranty support by Boat, Multiple reminders, multiple calls, not responded, my issue not resolved till now.Initially awesome ((((((( SOUND)))))) in this price range.READ MORE",1.0
Just love it....only i need bass should be more......recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
It sounds like 80w.. subwoofer is worthlessREAD MORE,1.0
"Bed sound quality , I will try for Product Return , Buyer Rejected , and There prices Will Down After purchaseREAD MORE",4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Its a average product only dont more expectation with this,,i am realy disapointed for 160W,Low bass and average sound quality its not worth for 9000,,i am totaly disapointment,please check the demo in near your reliance digital before you buyREAD MORE",3.0
Nice installation nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome😘READ MORE,5.0
Rocking bass wonderfulSound quality bestREAD MORE,5.0
Really this time i purchased om Flipkart amazing quality products in best price. Thanks Flipkart for giving me such a wonderful quality products for home.READ MORE,5.0
"Pendrive problem , other wise good performanceREAD MORE",4.0
TV Programs lip moment miss match  output of the boAt speakerREAD MORE,3.0
Boom blastingREAD MORE,5.0
It's a EXALENET sound and good quality thank you flipkart & BOATREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,1.0
It's bad qualityDon't purchaseREAD MORE,1.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"At this price range in respect of quantity of sound may acceptable.,..low budget but music lovers may go forward..READ MORE",5.0
Super sound quality and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 😊READ MORE,5.0
Super sound. Balanced bass and twitter. Enjoyed the music.READ MORE,5.0
"Just ,wow. In this range best soundbar. bass quality is just🔥lit  ,sound and Vocal clarity is very clear .and go for it you will absolutely love itREAD MORE",5.0
Good music system.... BASS MASTERREAD MORE,5.0
This product is not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Nice and worthy productREAD MORE,4.0
Superv sound quality Heavy Bass Value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
"Please don't buy this waste product,READ MORE",1.0
Bass is on even after keeping it on -5 and HDMI ARC is. It working have to keep audio remote always with to adjust volumeREAD MORE,4.0
Good Sound Quality 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Good item at this price. Bass and treble are superb. Recommend for use.READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound quality with smooth bass...Love it very much...READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity is the biggest problem with this sound bar. Sound breas during playing an audio or vedio connected with a Bluetooth device. Otherwise product is good. Kindly use with a wired connectivity to enjoy the sound.READ MORE,2.0
Worth for Money.....READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Good productSound is good bass awasomREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy it frequent power failure.READ MORE,1.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
Bass lovers just go for it without a second thought.READ MORE,4.0
"Best Sound, Bass & ClarityREAD MORE",5.0
Extremely happy with the sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
"Overall product is good , but if you connect your device to sound bar through Bluetooth mode , There will be small lag between the audio and videoREAD MORE",4.0
"Really Happy to buy this product. Good quality good sound, good bass, really worth for the money around 5k.READ MORE",5.0
awesome sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product. Sound quality is superb.READ MORE,5.0
"Its a average product only dont more expectation with this,,i am realy disapointed for 160W,Low bass and average sound quality its not worth for 9000,,i am totaly disapointment,please check the demo in near your reliance digital before you buyREAD MORE",3.0
Nice installation nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product but volume of sound  be increaseREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best quality sound and bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice products..... 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Excellent sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Just ok no more satisifyREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Best sound quality and wireless connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
"Tq Flipkart.  replacement boat it's very good quality sound, Gud boat barrrrrREAD MORE",5.0
♥️I love Boat♥️READ MORE,4.0
Very good product. I really recommend to buy this product.READ MORE,5.0
Sound and bass good but installation guy was bad.........READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"1.First thing this product is really value for the money2.secound thing is sound in boAt aavante Bar 2000 there is no dolby no prblm alternative we have 3D surround sound3.80 watts subwoofer is really ground shanking bass lover can feel more bass ,subwoofer delivers clear boom bass4.Coming to the volume it has maximum 35 but thing is that normally we can play in 20 or 21 I think this will be enough even at high volume sound in bar and subwoofer gives clear sound 5.Design is sleak desi...READ MORE",5.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,4.0
Good product awesome sound quality soundbar and sub was too good worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI NOT WORKINGREAD MORE,1.0
Very nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
Excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Do not underestimate BoatThis is one hell of a product.At this price point... It has great sound output. TheBass will literally shake the room.Great product... Highly recommend if you are on a budget and want good value for your money.READ MORE,5.0
Really superbREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product..just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good stuff .great bass .one should go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing speaker and its volume and its bass everREAD MORE,5.0
Have been using it for the last six months. Haven't face any issue so far. It was a good deal at the price i bought.Sound Quality : 4.5/5Bass : 5/5Build Quality : 5/5Design : 4/5READ MORE,5.0
SOUND IS VERY CLEAR  😁😁😁😁READ MORE,5.0
Sub woofer is not working properly within a month of purchase. Highly dissatisfied with the subwoofer connectivity for bass output. I think wireless subwoofer is not a right choice to buy if we expect a good bass sound bar.READ MORE,2.0
Nice superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Good looking but low bassREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productWoofer onum parayanillaa poliiAll total Kalan sadanamREAD MORE,5.0
I loved it amazing soundREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product good quality price is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is awesome.love it.very good product.READ MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget sound bar. Loud and clear sound. Bass is also good enough. If you want Dolby sounds don't go for this. Go for any Dolby sound bar. In this price range awesome product.READ MORE,4.0
"Good product, thanks flipkart for good deal.READ MORE",5.0
Best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Not so good with HDMI connected soundOtherwise it's OK you can go for it !READ MORE,4.0
For home use only....it is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product I like itREAD MORE,3.0
Overall good productREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Superb base money is valuesREAD MORE,5.0
"Poor sound from sub woofer, cracking sound coming. Don't buy boat go for some big brand if you are a real sound loverREAD MORE",1.0
Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"1.First thing this product is really value for the money2.secound thing is sound in boAt aavante Bar 2000 there is no dolby no prblm alternative we have 3D surround sound3.80 watts subwoofer is really ground shanking bass lover can feel more bass ,subwoofer delivers clear boom bass4.Coming to the volume it has maximum 35 but thing is that normally we can play in 20 or 21 I think this will be enough even at high volume sound in bar and subwoofer gives clear sound 5.Design is sleak desi...READ MORE",5.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice performanceREAD MORE,5.0
A very good product from boat avante... Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Theatre like sound.READ MORE,4.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good and great quality l loving itREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent work 👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good product but delivery laye n delivery boy behavior very badREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass, treble build quality is awesome but vocals is little low.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good product for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SupeeREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is fine for 3months..... Therafter I got the Bluetooth connectivity issue....Their service is very bad.....I raised issue ...they responded after 15days.....and again they are taking 20days again to fix this issueREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing sound and bass quality but after 2 month power issue problem start and their parts will changedREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar is ok sound is fadu.. my neghbiour fight with my family because sound looks like home function dj.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productWoofer onum parayanillaa poliiAll total Kalan sadanamREAD MORE,5.0
I loved it amazing soundREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Good soundbar in this price range👌READ MORE,5.0
In this price range awsome sound quality bass is mind blowing...READ MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality..🕺🕺READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Theis products is nalce good sound koayateREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound &bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
I love this product   sound quality  & bass  unpredictableREAD MORE,5.0
Every thing is good but the aux cable whist i got was not good i am getting some disturbance.READ MORE,5.0
Sound &Base are best.Structure of sound bar is very nice.sound setup are very difficult.But battery are so Bad.READ MORE,4.0
I jst luv itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Fully satisfied product it is......READ MORE,4.0
It is okREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality is average.but bass is awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Just amazing product 👌.. Bass and sound is awesome... Must buy...READ MORE,5.0
Its amazing product by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Bass. This is excellent choice for a normal 15 x 20 room.READ MORE,5.0
It is Excellent and Best in the Segment..Everything is just Perfect..  I am Happily Satisfied 🤗READ MORE,5.0
Awsome Sound in Very reasonable Price. Look Sexy 🤘🏻🤘🏻READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
PowerfullREAD MORE,5.0
Supar 🔊 Quality Sound And Bass Full KadakREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good and great quality l loving itREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent work 👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good product but delivery laye n delivery boy behavior very badREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass, treble build quality is awesome but vocals is little low.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good product for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
"Don't buy this I will suggest zebronics is better than boat ,it is so expensive but there as no matter don't spoil your moneyREAD MORE",2.0
Not good productREAD MORE,3.0
The purchase was worthy at the price point. Sound is moderate but clear. Bass is averageREAD MORE,5.0
"Found the cable a little too short for my use , however sound quality is superb ..READ MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
It is best shoundbaar in the world....READ MORE,5.0
It's a wonderful budget soundbarThe bass is amazingThe Bluetooth streaming is good sound effects then other connectionsIt's bass vibrate the floorI have small problemIt's hdmi didn't connect in my mi 4a tvBut that problem resolved by jeevesThanks to jeevesAnd thanks to Flipkart for quick deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Installation not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Supper speakerREAD MORE,4.0
Good soundbar in this price range👌READ MORE,5.0
In this price range awsome sound quality bass is mind blowing...READ MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality..🕺🕺READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Theis products is nalce good sound koayateREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound &bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
I love this product   sound quality  & bass  unpredictableREAD MORE,5.0
Every thing is good but the aux cable whist i got was not good i am getting some disturbance.READ MORE,5.0
Sound &Base are best.Structure of sound bar is very nice.sound setup are very difficult.But battery are so Bad.READ MORE,4.0
I jst luv itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Fully satisfied product it is......READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Don't west of money because no Bass and West productREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome ..READ MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound quality with powerful bassREAD MORE,5.0
Value for buying...READ MORE,4.0
Starting  model  this model saparate this is low bass not super okREAD MORE,2.0
All so godREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Faulty product given and no returnREAD MORE,1.0
Satisfied with product but sometimes getting connectivity issuesREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundbar..READ MORE,3.0
Awesome sound and base.. ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound QualityREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Decent soundbar at this price. No HDMIREAD MORE,3.0
Perfect for Mini Theatre..👍READ MORE,5.0
Better then everREAD MORE,5.0
Big soundsREAD MORE,3.0
BombREAD MORE,5.0
Item is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product super sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Absolutely amazing soundVery pretty nice product board companyREAD MORE,5.0
Superrr.. It's a wired soundbar with Bluetooth. No battery or charging type of.READ MORE,5.0
Worth for money!High recommendedMust but the following product!Quicker installation service for free...❣️READ MORE,5.0
If boat provide all cables with box then it's more better  product but sound quality is gd when connected on hdmi & pen driveREAD MORE,4.0
Really osmREAD MORE,5.0
"It wont work if you have a cable connection, it needs HD cable package, it works well on internet, like you tube or other music apps.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome product as expected.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product with gud price... Thank u flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
it's like TV speaker not a home theatre my hall is of 12x12 at highest no sound but suddenly it sound too much I hate thisREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product.. Like live soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome superb mjaaa aaagya re vaavaREAD MORE,5.0
Jabradassssssst home Dolby...READ MORE,5.0
Osm soundREAD MORE,5.0
To good sound system I am so very happy because sound is very beautiful & Bass awesome. Thanks Flipkart & BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Powerfull bassREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice products 😘READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound bass is not that much which i expect but overall worth to buy...READ MORE,4.0
Excellent 👌READ MORE,5.0
I was order 2 soundbars I'm facing the problem while useing with Bluetooth a port from that everything is fine.. product wise very good.. thanks 😃READ MORE,5.0
Super good bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound effect.  I'm just thrilled with it. I will recommend this to everyone who are willing to buy it. Worth for money. Just go for it without any option.READ MORE,5.0
"Totally awesome, loved the productREAD MORE",1.0
Bass is super bt bass over power sound ...sound quality needs more improvement ....overall its good for partiesREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product ....I got it in 6300 rs .... Bass is just awesome .... The whole room will shake .....for a large size room also its perfect ..... Sound quality too good ...all the vocals are so clearly audible ..... Easy to operate .... Sub woofer is connected to the sound bar by Bluetooth so u can place the sub woofer anywhere .... For threating bass experience u need to keep the woofer on the ground & not over any table or something .... Also at certain angles the bass is heard to be very ...READ MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound quality with powerful bassREAD MORE,5.0
Value for buying...READ MORE,4.0
Starting  model  this model saparate this is low bass not super okREAD MORE,2.0
All so godREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
exilent bass.....READ MORE,5.0
Worth every rupee.. Truly brillant product. Use it with HDMI and/or Bluetooth as AUX may not be the best option to ensure you get the total experience.READ MORE,5.0
Awwwssm quality Awwsm Sound and base nice Sound baar..thanks to boAt and flipkart.😇😇🥳🥳READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Soundbaar  is like ok ok. No clear soundREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice .paisa wasoolREAD MORE,5.0
Saund Quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Big soundsREAD MORE,3.0
BombREAD MORE,5.0
Item is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product super sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Fully satisfied.. I was using this product from last 2mnths... Best quality for dis price...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Bass awsome very light weight  Design look class👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality sound...few more controls required to set the equilizer.READ MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality and solid build..value for money spent 👍READ MORE,4.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very very nice 👌 product you can buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
"Good sound .. extra bass , Best value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Very very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this Price range i have 120w 1550 model i got it for around 5000 in sale + 10% on axis bank card Bass is prety good... just go for it its worth for 8000 also 100% positive reviewpros:base full satisfactiondezine is goodbluetoth conectivity is also very goodu can adjust bass and trebelcons:no fmin 120w 1550 model wired subwooferthats all in big words its worth to buyREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound 🔊READ MORE,5.0
"I'm using 10 days, sound quality and bass Excellent  Designing superREAD MORE",5.0
Sometimes woofer automatically disconnect from soundbar...only soundbar works...so we need to restart whole set...then it pairs againREAD MORE,3.0
Best sound quality bass is awesome First feeling WowwwwwREAD MORE,5.0
Gd productREAD MORE,5.0
Wooper is wired with sound bar!!If it could be a Bluetooth it's nice..READ MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing product at this price range. Unable to connect with my Sony LED due to hdmi arcREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality and good effect looking very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality. Sound super. I like this product.READ MORE,5.0
Boat is so brand 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super superREAD MORE,5.0
Good and nice bass and soundREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound is decent. If you have used boat audio devices then you must know that what's the brand known for.. ""BASS"".. definitely the clearity of the sound you make you feel like you are in theatre.. The best part is the surrounded sound system, which is gonna give you a fantastic experience.. within 6k.. it's a very nice productREAD MORE",5.0
That is lovely soundbar sound and bass quality is really excellent....READ MORE,4.0
Nice and very convenient productREAD MORE,4.0
Sound bar good. And installation technician is don't have a proper idea in installation process. Am unsatisfactory for installation person.READ MORE,3.0
Thumping bass.I was using hdmi cable initially but shockingly i got max sound output by using optical cableREAD MORE,4.0
Wonder full... SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Very good Money 5400READ MORE,5.0
product is ok but flipkart and delhivery service is very poor they took more than 10 days to deliver this product. actually they dont delivered this product on my address i pick my product from there addressREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
This is awesome system 👍👍👍READ MORE,1.0
Go for it uniq design product quality great...READ MORE,5.0
Amazing sound.....sleek design.........best product to buyREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome at this price pointREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Fully satisfied.. I was using this product from last 2mnths... Best quality for dis price...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Buy new product but samw was not working  after 3 days. Main woofer not working.READ MORE,1.0
It is good. If you want for only music 180 is best than 120 watsREAD MORE,4.0
"Best in price range ,sound competes with 20K+ of SonyREAD MORE",5.0
Unbelievable sound quality and firing BASSBlindly go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .. No issues till nowREAD MORE,5.0
Gd productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"It's bass is getting low and sound quality is degrade a day by day.,...READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic saundREAD MORE,5.0
Very very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this Price range i have 120w 1550 model i got it for around 5000 in sale + 10% on axis bank card Bass is prety good... just go for it its worth for 8000 also 100% positive reviewpros:base full satisfactiondezine is goodbluetoth conectivity is also very goodu can adjust bass and trebelcons:no fmin 120w 1550 model wired subwooferthats all in big words its worth to buyREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound 🔊READ MORE,5.0
"I'm using 10 days, sound quality and bass Excellent  Designing superREAD MORE",5.0
Sometimes woofer automatically disconnect from soundbar...only soundbar works...so we need to restart whole set...then it pairs againREAD MORE,3.0
Best sound quality bass is awesome First feeling WowwwwwREAD MORE,5.0
Gd productREAD MORE,5.0
Wooper is wired with sound bar!!If it could be a Bluetooth it's nice..READ MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing product at this price range. Unable to connect with my Sony LED due to hdmi arcREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality and good effect looking very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality. Sound super. I like this product.READ MORE,5.0
Boat is so brand 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Mind blowing productREAD MORE,5.0
"Its just awesome.. buy this blindly.. U will just love the bass, sound quality.. good for garden or terrace party as sound is just boom boom..!!!!!!!!!READ MORE",5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Very much 100%READ MORE,5.0
Brilliant boat lovitREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good sound quality ...i loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Simply okayREAD MORE,2.0
Amazing feeling .. it make my hall as theaterREAD MORE,5.0
Very good...READ MORE,5.0
Super quality soundREAD MORE,5.0
Osm sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"Not recommend by me. I have purchased this music system recently. I received it on time. Installation is good.Bad aspectsNot supporting hdmi & aux with my Mi tv. When I am connecting with Bluetooth, lip & sound time is not matching. Also sound volume is too low.I was raised return request. I got another piece in 5 day. It's HDMI is also not supporting but aux is working with my Mi tv. But sound is very poor.Please don't buy this.READ MORE",3.0
Nice product 👍READ MORE,4.0
Company is awesome I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
good bass and clear sound. enough loudness for hall.READ MORE,4.0
Nice workREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
very bad response on installation time.READ MORE,1.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Buy new product but samw was not working  after 3 days. Main woofer not working.READ MORE,1.0
It is good. If you want for only music 180 is best than 120 watsREAD MORE,4.0
"Best in price range ,sound competes with 20K+ of SonyREAD MORE",5.0
Unbelievable sound quality and firing BASSBlindly go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .. No issues till nowREAD MORE,5.0
Gd productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"It's bass is getting low and sound quality is degrade a day by day.,...READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic saundREAD MORE,5.0
Ground shaking bassREAD MORE,5.0
best must buyREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing theatre like experience. You can go for it.. I'm just loving the sound quality and the thumping bass. You can manually control the bass and treble though.READ MORE,4.0
Good sound quality and good service 👍READ MORE,4.0
Woh it's very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bass quality fhully light weight wonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
Really Good one with the best price. Love the sound quality. Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery and installation was done in  the given time ..voice clarity is awesome and bass is also good ..5 star to boat for build  and sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Beat the beastREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good soundbar super bass im happyREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good workingREAD MORE,5.0
Febuless sound bar good punchy bass and Cristal clr sound . Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
its not good and filpkart service is totally badREAD MORE,1.0
Ovarall is best but FM is missingREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
IncredibleREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 120w Soundbar in 5400/-READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very much 100%READ MORE,5.0
Brilliant boat lovitREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good sound quality ...i loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Simply okayREAD MORE,2.0
Just awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
Much better in these priceREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awsm But there is a bit of unwanted sound which comes often that's itREAD MORE,4.0
Woofer is not workingREAD MORE,1.0
I'm not satisfied with those who came to Installation and demo he is not have miminum knowledge about this how to process an handle send new person with full complete knowledge of about thisREAD MORE,1.0
Loved it 😊READ MORE,5.0
It is Okay at this price range. Packaging is really great and installation experience alao nice. Performance vary based on your type of connection and device with which it is connected. One song played on latest mobile device played superb same song with Aux cable played on TV is poor.READ MORE,3.0
"Really really good product, value for money.READ MORE",5.0
"Very good sound, bass & build quality.READ MORE",4.0
Bass is heavyREAD MORE,5.0
JkREAD MORE,5.0
Aussum.productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks Flipkart for good selectionREAD MORE,5.0
Great soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar sound should not so good but bass is very good.sound bar very weight is light then other companies sound bar. But good product.READ MORE,4.0
Need gud bass and gud sound just go blindly to get it .READ MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality sound and bass looking stylish and osm feel good musicREAD MORE,5.0
Nice very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Got it at Rs 6750 for 1500 & 120 watt in BBDNice product.value for money.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied With The InstallationREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is excellent for music but sound is bit low for news, movie.READ MORE",4.0
Good sound quality I get in bb day in 4999 rsIn this price range it's very good sounbarREAD MORE,4.0
Base is ok.. But Sound and volume very low I expect more....READ MORE,4.0
Boat 160 Watt not up to mark better to purchase 120 Watt.READ MORE,3.0
EXCELLENTREAD MORE,5.0
No battery is available but sounds is good inside home hall sounds experience gettingREAD MORE,5.0
Super 🤩👌READ MORE,5.0
Aswome ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Bad product its like local sound, can’t compare with the branded home theatre. Don’t go with local if you love the quality, go for JBL & Bose onlyREAD MORE",1.0
Very bad product low sound quality bad experience with flipcart.READ MORE,1.0
"Bass quality is superb, sound is little bit slow but manageable at medium size quarter. Installation is too late even 5 to 6 days after item received.READ MORE",4.0
Nice bass im happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice Sound, nice bass, good qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Better to purchase other companyREAD MORE,1.0
Beyond expectations 10/10 ❤️💯🔥👌😍READ MORE,5.0
Good for 4999 not suitable for 7999READ MORE,5.0
There is a problem with remote it's not working properly I gave a complaint no response from boat companyREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It is very nice product love itREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI Port not working even with ARC cable and PortREAD MORE,3.0
So  good sound quality system is so good thanku flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I'm not satisfied with those who came to Installation and demo he is not have miminum knowledge about this how to process an handle send new person with full complete knowledge of about thisREAD MORE,1.0
Loved it 😊READ MORE,5.0
It is Okay at this price range. Packaging is really great and installation experience alao nice. Performance vary based on your type of connection and device with which it is connected. One song played on latest mobile device played superb same song with Aux cable played on TV is poor.READ MORE,3.0
"Really really good product, value for money.READ MORE",5.0
"Very good sound, bass & build quality.READ MORE",4.0
Bass is heavyREAD MORE,5.0
JkREAD MORE,5.0
Aussum.productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks Flipkart for good selectionREAD MORE,5.0
Great soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar sound should not so good but bass is very good.sound bar very weight is light then other companies sound bar. But good product.READ MORE,4.0
Need gud bass and gud sound just go blindly to get it .READ MORE,5.0
Good sound quality best results in hdmi cableREAD MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality sound and bass looking stylish and osm feel good musicREAD MORE,5.0
Nice very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Got it at Rs 6750 for 1500 & 120 watt in BBDNice product.value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bass sound....clear sound... Thanks flipcart... Product delivery after 30min installing jeeves good service technician and behavior very good.... Rating 5 out of 5READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound powerful bass 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
BrilliantREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product I'm so happy for parching sound and bass is mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Audiophiles aren't born but they become one after getting this one!READ MORE,5.0
"Tv sound effect is not good, installation person don't know diagnose system and whether problem is tv or boat sound bar due to connectivity of hdmi arc.other wise bluetooth connectivity awesome.USB port file format working is very difficult, suppose u have mention it manual - technical issue- common people was easily understand.service Orinted system was not avialable in ur jeeves contractor.READ MORE",3.0
Good with bass for medium sized roomREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality very bad bass quality very good but bass bin box weight less speaker me sunsanaht se aati haiREAD MORE,2.0
"Some time connectivity issue is there, sometime the subwoofer use to cause  problem in connecting  with soundbar as it is connected by bluetoothOther things are goodREAD MORE",3.0
Bass punch solid Smooth clean trableOver all value for moneyBetter than other sound barsREAD MORE,5.0
"very nice , good  qulityREAD MORE",4.0
Nice bass im happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice Sound, nice bass, good qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Better to purchase other companyREAD MORE,1.0
Beyond expectations 10/10 ❤️💯🔥👌😍READ MORE,5.0
Good for 4999 not suitable for 7999READ MORE,5.0
There is a problem with remote it's not working properly I gave a complaint no response from boat companyREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
It is very nice product love itREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI Port not working even with ARC cable and PortREAD MORE,3.0
So  good sound quality system is so good thanku flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Product is very nice  thank you flicartREAD MORE,3.0
Best sound and bass you get in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is very high।।।। So I love itREAD MORE,4.0
Best in the budget range sound barREAD MORE,4.0
This products is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super products Ii like very much reasonable price thank you Flipkart delivery also very fineREAD MORE,5.0
The soundbar has really good sound and worth of every penny bought during the festive offer season.Need to see how it is going to perform in long runREAD MORE,4.0
Prasant Haapy super...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice quality at dis priceREAD MORE,4.0
I got this at below 7 k I'm so happy with it Beaster💥🔥READ MORE,4.0
SprBREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best produnc in 5000rsREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product 👌READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super product 👌READ MORE,5.0
Sound output and quality is pretty enough for me for this price range(6.2K)! Go for it! Timely delivery much appreciated.READ MORE,5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
"Good product best budget soundbar, sound quality exlent bass is great Bild quality exlent ,installation service fast and goodOverall 5star thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Most beautyful.. system,and powerful sound✌😘😍READ MORE",5.0
BrilliantREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product I'm so happy for parching sound and bass is mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Audiophiles aren't born but they become one after getting this one!READ MORE,5.0
"Tv sound effect is not good, installation person don't know diagnose system and whether problem is tv or boat sound bar due to connectivity of hdmi arc.other wise bluetooth connectivity awesome.USB port file format working is very difficult, suppose u have mention it manual - technical issue- common people was easily understand.service Orinted system was not avialable in ur jeeves contractor.READ MORE",3.0
Gd qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Sound quality. Bass is Smooth. Mind is blowing.👍READ MORE,4.0
"Boat aavante bar is very good home theater for best price. I suggest the person who are planning to buy, go on I will 5 out 4.5 stars allover product is nice but the installation and delivery is too much delayREAD MORE",4.0
Most wonderful item that i have boughtREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...READ MORE,4.0
The product is worthableREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very fast delivery product  within 2 days thanks for flipkartbut installation workrs not do her job good waste workersREAD MORE,5.0
Bought on offer for Rs. 4950/-.Great for that price.READ MORE,4.0
I m giving feedback after using it more than 2 months. It overall Quality is extremely good beyond exception. According to me it is totally worthy & thanks flipkart for providing it at Rs 2830 in big billion sale.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic product. Good priceREAD MORE,4.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome products in this Price RangeREAD MORE,5.0
osm bassREAD MORE,5.0
Just go for it without any doubt 160w superb bass n gud vocalREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality 👍READ MORE,4.0
Rating is 5 only but we can give 100 rating pure bass and perfect in less cost tq BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar in 5500READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality indian brandREAD MORE,5.0
Supar bass quality and feel like theater sound i recommend to by thisREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
All good just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Good product🤩READ MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Thia is a piece of junk the woofer box is making a noisy kind of irritating sound ..... And sometime the soundbar does it alsoREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It's perfect what I expected... Fully satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound and performance. Only setback, the auxiliary input cable supplied was faulty.  Bought and used another cable, now all is well.READ MORE",5.0
Super I love this boat avante soundbar.....READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
It is ok for sound lovers..But My opinion is that if you spend little more 1k then you purchase JBL soundbar...READ MORE,4.0
Everything is OK. Good Product.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is super but bass was extremely high qualityREAD MORE,4.0
A very good product in reasonable price Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Super proud it...i have many products of this like earphone headphones etc.READ MORE,5.0
Very 100 time goodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks Flipkart fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice sound quality,, HD sound quality play in soundbar is better than non HD Song.. Build quality good not so good... Sound range sufficient for hall 1000 Sq. ftREAD MORE",4.0
Seriously there was a great confusion before buying it.....but.....this is a bomb soundbar.....u can adjust your volume according to you.... connectivity is great....READ MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...READ MORE,4.0
The product is worthableREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very fast delivery product  within 2 days thanks for flipkartbut installation workrs not do her job good waste workersREAD MORE,5.0
Bought on offer for Rs. 4950/-.Great for that price.READ MORE,4.0
I m giving feedback after using it more than 2 months. It overall Quality is extremely good beyond exception. According to me it is totally worthy & thanks flipkart for providing it at Rs 2830 in big billion sale.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic product. Good priceREAD MORE,4.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome products in this Price RangeREAD MORE,5.0
osm bassREAD MORE,5.0
Just go for it without any doubt 160w superb bass n gud vocalREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality 👍READ MORE,4.0
Rating is 5 only but we can give 100 rating pure bass and perfect in less cost tq BoatREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar in 5500READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality indian brandREAD MORE,5.0
Supar bass quality and feel like theater sound i recommend to by thisREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
All good just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Good product🤩READ MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Thia is a piece of junk the woofer box is making a noisy kind of irritating sound ..... And sometime the soundbar does it alsoREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It's perfect what I expected... Fully satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound and performance. Only setback, the auxiliary input cable supplied was faulty.  Bought and used another cable, now all is well.READ MORE",5.0
It's Theater effectREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality and bass quality is average.. nREAD MORE,3.0
Great sound.READ MORE,5.0
Super sounds nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super bass ground shake bass its good if you got this product for 7000 happy to take this productREAD MORE,4.0
Good product nice superb awsome 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Super b one nice product  👍👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good Quality and bass is good but Remote changeREAD MORE,4.0
Supar 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Bought 120w version at 5k. Great sound and bass. Self installation done as technician did not come.READ MORE,4.0
veri nice product by boAt.. very good sound quality.. i really love it..READ MORE,5.0
Super sound &bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product nice working sound superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Superb... Value for money.. Good quality sound... Extremely satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
This is awesome productI bought only 3500 in big billion dayREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,2.0
"Worst experince... After conecting the  hdmi cable for audio, woofer stopped worked.. Woofer has not syncwith speakers... Bluetooth connectivity lost intemediately... Flipkart don't promote this kind worst product... WASTE OF MONEY.READ MORE",1.0
I bought a 160w model. And it didnt disappointed me. It has a heart breaking bass 💕. And my neighbors already started shouting at me. So if you are living in a flat be bit careful😑READ MORE,4.0
Bahut hard quality ha love itREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOME...READ MORE,5.0
Note satisfaction this productREAD MORE,1.0
I dont know what is meant by battery backup on a plug and use device!! But the product is just amazing 👏 We can also place the subwoofer at another place (within 15m) distance.....because sound bar and subwoofer connects via bluetooth and both have separate plugs for electric supplyREAD MORE,5.0
Where is battaryREAD MORE,4.0
This is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
One of best sound bar never seen it but Little bit disappointed with HDMI cable it's not supported with mi tv 49 ' inch. Though using bt connevitySound clarity is Awesomeeeeee  no doubts.READ MORE,5.0
Super nice ☺️READ MORE,4.0
No Words.Simply Awesome👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"HDMI ARC is not working adequately, sound quality is goodREAD MORE",3.0
Don't buy connectivity is a big problemREAD MORE,1.0
Just wow❤️🔥 loved it so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍 oneREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Product 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Very Mice bass is superb as mentioned ground shakerREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product at it's rate.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound clarity....READ MORE,4.0
Nice product by boatREAD MORE,4.0
Delivery too fast & flip cart sells such a best product in this prizeREAD MORE,5.0
Great really great sound.you should buy one.big basssssssREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Power full... Paisa vasulREAD MORE,5.0
Aux port not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Very good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Sounbar has less volume. After increasing the volume subwoofer get out of control.READ MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Total dhamakaREAD MORE,5.0
Instalation was goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Never ever use AUX for soundbars. Either use Optical or HDMI ARC. For me it seems like HDMI ARC is not working but as it's not support Dolby sound so its not such a big deal or may be I have to change cable. I had used lenovo HDMI but audio output was simply muted. Through optical you have a benefit, the TV speakers also acts along with soundbar speaks so it's 4.1 channel for me though it's produces only stereo. Through Optical cable i have satisfactory results so far.READ MORE",3.0
Nice build and design  good product from boat bass very good and punch no sound fade  maximum volume test but no any problem perfect work am happy and thanks flipkart and boat from available in sale 👌READ MORE,5.0
Remote is the biggest disadvantage of the product and also has some issues with bluetooth sound quality is ozm but we dont have any alternative for the remoteREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good products but some time concavity problemREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied with the product...got it for 6989....worth the price.READ MORE,4.0
Super sound &bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product nice working sound superREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Superb... Value for money.. Good quality sound... Extremely satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
This is awesome productI bought only 3500 in big billion dayREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,2.0
"Worst experince... After conecting the  hdmi cable for audio, woofer stopped worked.. Woofer has not syncwith speakers... Bluetooth connectivity lost intemediately... Flipkart don't promote this kind worst product... WASTE OF MONEY.READ MORE",1.0
I bought a 160w model. And it didnt disappointed me. It has a heart breaking bass 💕. And my neighbors already started shouting at me. So if you are living in a flat be bit careful😑READ MORE,4.0
Best in the budget.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product quantityFast serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"Installation Done on time , very polite guy , good serviceREAD MORE",5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
It's just incredible!!!READ MORE,5.0
Excellent bass simply loved it 😘😘😘😘 thankyou osm product never think just order itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound and good looking.READ MORE,5.0
Upendra Kumar by Happy mobile good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound. Just amezing...... value for money.plz go this product with  closed your eyes 👀READ MORE,5.0
Don't buy connectivity is a big problemREAD MORE,1.0
Just wow❤️🔥 loved it so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍 oneREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Product 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Very Mice bass is superb as mentioned ground shakerREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product at it's rate.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound clarity....READ MORE,4.0
Nice product by boatREAD MORE,4.0
Delivery too fast & flip cart sells such a best product in this prizeREAD MORE,5.0
Great really great sound.you should buy one.big basssssssREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Power full... Paisa vasulREAD MORE,5.0
Aux port not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Very good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Sounbar has less volume. After increasing the volume subwoofer get out of control.READ MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Total dhamakaREAD MORE,5.0
Instalation was goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Never ever use AUX for soundbars. Either use Optical or HDMI ARC. For me it seems like HDMI ARC is not working but as it's not support Dolby sound so its not such a big deal or may be I have to change cable. I had used lenovo HDMI but audio output was simply muted. Through optical you have a benefit, the TV speakers also acts along with soundbar speaks so it's 4.1 channel for me though it's produces only stereo. Through Optical cable i have satisfactory results so far.READ MORE",3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
No battery backup found.READ MORE,3.0
Good quality ..READ MORE,5.0
Hi bought this product in some confusion but this is amazing. Sound quality is so good. Built quality is also as aspir. Very good product in this amount range.READ MORE,5.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Its sounds like the wrost sound heared ever...bharee..bharrrr.....all time...volume level..only 10 then it's disturb..I have returned immediately..but still wait to get the new one...READ MORE,2.0
Super product guys trust me every one thank you Flipkart and sellerREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product nice sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity issue problem to connect both together sound bar & wooferREAD MORE,2.0
Excellent product. Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing bassREAD MORE,5.0
This sound is quality is Good with bass but it is a problem HDMI prort is not connected to the tv when the tv is connected to bluetooth but sound voice is very bad All over is good effect is good.....delivery fast thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Normal Sound bar I am expecting too much of sound but no sound very disappointmentREAD MORE,2.0
Super bass..Boom 💥 💥 💥 Go for it....READ MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Very good, but it could be better.READ MORE",5.0
Very good sound so......niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice go for it any time best but not best for 300sqft hall or higher best for bedrooms or small hall about 150sqftREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Am HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent experience of sound and music...No doubt for buying it...thanks flipkart for the good delivery and installation....👌🏼👍READ MORE,5.0
Not that great for boat....Getting so much of noise with aux cable usage...bluetooth is good.....READ MORE,3.0
"I'm lucky to have these soundbar at much lesser price of 3249r, thanks to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
It's a best valu product & bass is too gudREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product and sound quality is Rock ✌️✌️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nic product😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
This Product was Really Amazing ...READ MORE,5.0
Nice product I love this boat aavante bar the sound quality was excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Connect issuesREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice products in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Good service thanks for flipcart, nice productREAD MORE",5.0
Superb sound quality with thumping bass...READ MORE,5.0
quality  and features are good but installer need to technical knowledge for installation like use of sprit level before  fixing soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
Good product for this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Osm bass good sound quality 👌READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Ek number material 🙃READ MORE,5.0
Excellent Sound quality & bass OMG  Jst terrific.  Mst buy guys. Fully Value for Money. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It Good qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Good but remote is brokenREAD MORE,4.0
Super boomblastic😁😁😁😁READ MORE,5.0
Good Super...READ MORE,5.0
Very clear sound and deep bass😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Little bit bar speakers volume is low in front of bass is to much high...otherwise ol over it was awsome product in range of 5k thanks boAt👍 appriciate with your deal..READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
HDMI port not working properly.READ MORE,1.0
"Awesome as It should be , loved itREAD MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very bad sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
"using wid real.me 32 inch tv , bass hv to be uprade , low bass in 60 w segmet.READ MORE",3.0
Nice product. Good sound output.READ MORE,4.0
Simply best sound bar this rateREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good sound, not as loud as expected but great productREAD MORE",5.0
Good sound bar in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is fine but bass is not too much good for listening music ... bass is normal ... but good system if you love watching movies nice sound experience for moviesREAD MORE,4.0
No ice product awesome boss soundREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  nice. Thanks for filpkartREAD MORE,4.0
Very good sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart delivery time very fast. But it's installation by jeevs takes too much time..READ MORE,5.0
It's a best valu product & bass is too gudREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product and sound quality is Rock ✌️✌️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nic product😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
This Product was Really Amazing ...READ MORE,5.0
Nice product I love this boat aavante bar the sound quality was excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Connect issuesREAD MORE,3.0
Best at its priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds🔊 is gud but aux  is not ok not workingREAD MORE,4.0
Really great..I impressed this product.....are you bass lovers bey it....I am  bey 4.999 . Big billions day offersREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in cheap rateREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is really good but 3D effect is not proper working..READ MORE,4.0
This is Fantastic Sound Clearly I loved it..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
sound clarity is gud but Bluetooth connection was very poor..READ MORE,3.0
Brought it 4 weeks ago still the sound quality was good if you are going to use for big room then increase the watt power. It will be goodREAD MORE,5.0
It Good qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Good but remote is brokenREAD MORE,4.0
Super boomblastic😁😁😁😁READ MORE,5.0
Good Super...READ MORE,5.0
Very clear sound and deep bass😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Little bit bar speakers volume is low in front of bass is to much high...otherwise ol over it was awsome product in range of 5k thanks boAt👍 appriciate with your deal..READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
HDMI port not working properly.READ MORE,1.0
"Awesome as It should be , loved itREAD MORE",5.0
very nice bass and soundREAD MORE,4.0
Everything thing is fine only bluetooth connection is worstREAD MORE,4.0
Good Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"This is not good for TV support and bluetooth range is also lower , thia is only good for via BT connection ,so if anyone persist for TV connection i suggest go for otherREAD MORE",3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bass  is amazing  too good I loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is awesome but when connecting with aux cable there is buzzz sound keep on coming and that might slightly irritate us . So guys before buying this product check your tv does support*HDMI WITH ARC* support or OPTICAL output if you guys have this then blindly go for this product it will be awesome.READ MORE,1.0
Super sound very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good speakerREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product by boatREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good  nice. Thanks for filpkartREAD MORE,4.0
Very good sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart delivery time very fast. But it's installation by jeevs takes too much time..READ MORE,5.0
Osam productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,2.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality with premium bass...... Go for it in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
totaly good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
The BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product .sound quality xcelntREAD MORE,5.0
SolidREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything is good ,value for money got this for 4900 for bbdREAD MORE",5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Technician/Installation part is to be improved. Otherwise quality of the product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
The greatest and the bestest ever got sound blows🤯🤯🤯READ MORE,5.0
Loved the sound bar design and built quality. Bass is goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Beast!!!!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
120 was sound is perfect but bass not punch.READ MORE,5.0
Best cinema experienceREAD MORE,5.0
It's Good quality 😊🙂READ MORE,4.0
"Nothing too think,just buy it!!READ MORE",5.0
Nice at this price thank you so much flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Sounds very good and it is very nice to see.READ MORE,5.0
Saund quality is good but bt connectivity problam want to pear every timeREAD MORE,4.0
Got defective worst product  am the regular  customer and u people sell worst product.hate the sound qualityREAD MORE,1.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
ᴇxᴄᴇʟʟᴇɴᴛ sᴏᴜɴᴅ & ʙᴀss..READ MORE,5.0
very nice bass and soundREAD MORE,4.0
Everything thing is fine only bluetooth connection is worstREAD MORE,4.0
Good Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"This is not good for TV support and bluetooth range is also lower , thia is only good for via BT connection ,so if anyone persist for TV connection i suggest go for otherREAD MORE",3.0
Good bass 👍READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality bass  Exhalent super good mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product. And it is worth for the amount. Extraordinary Sound and Bass.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
As per price nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and good sound for small room and who wants decent noise and brand product in budget can purchase.The only thing is disappointing is no hdmi arc  point rest all point are useful so no Dolby digital effect in this.READ MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice perfermenceREAD MORE,5.0
boat is good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice one thanku flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good one... Can enjoy theatre soundREAD MORE,4.0
totaly good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
The BestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product .sound quality xcelntREAD MORE,5.0
SolidREAD MORE,5.0
"Its a good quality product, i got this product at rupees 5500,   in my view this prize range this will be an bumber product. Its sound quality cristal clear, bass of this system 5/5 rate, pakka quality, heavy sound. Totality this is an amazing product, Thank you flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent sound...READ MORE,4.0
Thise BoAt Sound bar 160W is very amazing design super quality in bassPerformance is very excellent BoAt sound bass very high voice clarity amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Music System super but AUX code not working.READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass is not in bar coordination, treble sound also not that much effectiveREAD MORE",1.0
Very bad and woofer is not working. I have purchased this in nov'2020 and now it gets out of order in Dec'2020 itself within 1 month. Woofer is not producing sound. customer care is very bad and the company person cam The after a lot of follow and repair. Then next month again it got out of order and woofer stopped working.READ MORE,1.0
Is sound quality very very good extra Boss thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity issue.READ MORE,3.0
Amazing product thanks Flip cartMind bowing bassGood Sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome good sound good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Much satisfied with this product. Very good product at this price. Enjoyed the music. Everything looks fine.READ MORE,4.0
Super good excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productJust go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Super mind blowing bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound clarity is good, Bass also good .Bluetooth connectivity is very poor.Aux volume is very very low compare than Bluetooth option.READ MORE",4.0
Amazing sound and bass quality go for it guys u won't regret to purchase it.READ MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality and design is fabulousREAD MORE,5.0
I really loved this product.READ MORE,4.0
"Good,Dolby Atmos is not available 😦READ MORE",1.0
Fantastisk very nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Marvelous sounds quality very good 👌READ MORE,5.0
Sound is very good I like this product everything is ok  I am happy thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
not bad😀READ MORE,5.0
goofREAD MORE,5.0
"Pros, 1.Sound & bass is awesomeCons1.with bluetooth connectivity voice is not matching lagging more than 3secs.2.Aux to tv sound coming in very low level If u need better sound experience connect the soundbar to direct DTH set of box need to buy another aux to 2wire audio cable.READ MORE",5.0
YoREAD MORE,5.0
BoAt sound bar is wonderful reyally movie theater experience.. SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Product  is  very good  quality  but installations not freeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound bar. Really I am very happy with this sound bar..blue tooth working fine. BASS is  Very Good. Looking is very nice.READ MORE,5.0
Unbelievable Sound quality is superb Bole to phadu soundREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Kya cheez banai boAt ne. Mere ghar ka mahol change ho gaya.. thank you Flipkart. For safe and fast delivery.READ MORE,5.0
Exlent this price bass superREAD MORE,4.0
Just okay productREAD MORE,3.0
"Don't buy this if you want to connext it over Tv.Worst connectivity options i havr ever seen.Tried with Aux,i would want to hear best from boat so i ordered arc cable.It is not at all detecting when i select Hd.it will occasionally detects.i have placed a complaint with boat.Still no one has contacted me.It is absolutely fine buying this oif you want to connect with bluetooth(Mobile) devices.READ MORE",1.0
Excellent soundbar. Perfect for my small house. Get it for 5.5 k. Blutooth connectivity and clarity was awsome. Thank u boat and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
All good but Connecting issue so much so don't buy this product.READ MORE,1.0
Excellent product at this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound must buyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Do not buy if you are looking for hdmi connectivity Bluetooth is good but there is delay and hdmi cable will not work and need to waste. Money to identify the right oneREAD MORE,2.0
Beautiful sound bassREAD MORE,5.0
It is a home theatre like old one having heavy bass with bar spaekers. Sound of bar is not impressive . Like other brand. Bass is ok ok ok. Not useful for watching tv and listening songs for long time.READ MORE,4.0
Sound & Bass ultimate.....gud productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Asewm speakerREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
BadREAD MORE,2.0
"Good quality  super bass, super treable , very loudREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bass was good sound clarity 👍🏻 treble good worth it 🥰READ MORE,5.0
It's sound quality is awesome. l love this product in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and crystal sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Has purchased 1550 that came faulty and has issue. Got replacement and this time they delivered 1500 which has superb sound and looks premium with nice base in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Good product right  choice  to buyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice itemsREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is ok but sound clarity is not good. Bass is overpowered . Return policy is very bad. It will Not return if you are not satisfied.READ MORE,1.0
WorthREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is very good I like this product everything is ok  I am happy thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
not bad😀READ MORE,5.0
goofREAD MORE,5.0
"Pros, 1.Sound & bass is awesomeCons1.with bluetooth connectivity voice is not matching lagging more than 3secs.2.Aux to tv sound coming in very low level If u need better sound experience connect the soundbar to direct DTH set of box need to buy another aux to 2wire audio cable.READ MORE",5.0
YoREAD MORE,5.0
BoAt sound bar is wonderful reyally movie theater experience.. SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Product  is  very good  quality  but installations not freeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound bar. Really I am very happy with this sound bar..blue tooth working fine. BASS is  Very Good. Looking is very nice.READ MORE,5.0
Unbelievable Sound quality is superb Bole to phadu soundREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
"Got it for around 3k all offers included.. absolutely great deal in bbds.go for it.I expected some more clarity in sound.but enough for what I paid.They should have given some led desigs inside.At low levels,it is okay.. because cannot try more db levels for the sake of neighbours everytime.READ MORE",4.0
For bass lover only.  You will get heart thumping bass..Sound quality is not as great as other Dolby speaker...jbl or lg..But considering price sound is best in this particular price segment. No other give thia type of sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Battery back up is a bit annoying rest goodREAD MORE,4.0
Crystal Clear Clarity 🔥READ MORE,5.0
Boat is best sound bar boat bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth Connectivity Is not good otherwise good productREAD MORE,5.0
"For Big T V hall go for 160W , 120W volume is ok okREAD MORE",5.0
The best quality of the productsREAD MORE,4.0
Volume is lower when connected to TV & nice when connected to mobileREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Do not buy if you are looking for hdmi connectivity Bluetooth is good but there is delay and hdmi cable will not work and need to waste. Money to identify the right oneREAD MORE,2.0
Beautiful sound bassREAD MORE,5.0
It is a home theatre like old one having heavy bass with bar spaekers. Sound of bar is not impressive . Like other brand. Bass is ok ok ok. Not useful for watching tv and listening songs for long time.READ MORE,4.0
Sound & Bass ultimate.....gud productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Asewm speakerREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
BadREAD MORE,2.0
"Good quality  super bass, super treable , very loudREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Bass was good sound clarity 👍🏻 treble good worth it 🥰READ MORE,5.0
It's sound quality is awesome. l love this product in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and crystal sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Has purchased 1550 that came faulty and has issue. Got replacement and this time they delivered 1500 which has superb sound and looks premium with nice base in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Good product right  choice  to buyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice itemsREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is ok but sound clarity is not good. Bass is overpowered . Return policy is very bad. It will Not return if you are not satisfied.READ MORE,1.0
WorthREAD MORE,5.0
Bass super💯💯 BoAt is Brand of soundREAD MORE,5.0
It is soo goodREAD MORE,5.0
"However if you are a music lover , must purchase ..READ MORE",5.0
Product is good like shown as add on boat.. 😄😄READ MORE,5.0
so letREAD MORE,3.0
"It's best at it's own, sound quality is too good.READ MORE",5.0
Very wonderful productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and awesome from flipkart super  product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good❤🥰READ MORE,5.0
Insufficient experience for person who attended for installationPerson has less knowledge about this productCustomer care people not responded for queries about productVery intelligent return policy Return policy not described and not in visible to usREAD MORE,1.0
Good clarity sound heavy bass...bass a little bit high sometimes you cannot hear the dailouges clearly ...in this price range its a good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality feeling like a theatreREAD MORE,4.0
very good product but sound is very lowREAD MORE,4.0
"Fast Delivery,Awesome Product... Lovely...Sound and bass best quality... Faadu hai boss...😍😘😘READ MORE",5.0
Good sound...READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome soundbar . Mind-blowing.  Bass bass bass..,Good Behaviour... delivery boy & install service man.Tnx flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Iam Satisfied This Product Boat Aavanter 2000 160Wolts Very Good Bass And Sound Is Like Home Theater Realy Supurb Iam Very Happy Buy This❣❣READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent sounbar I buyed 160 in diwali sale , really satisfied with boat product thanks flipkart use hdmi arc for perfect soundREAD MORE",5.0
"Simply awesome, at this rate . Spell bound after listening to the output, overall an excellent product.READ MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Built quality is superREAD MORE,5.0
Good BassREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
I got my product shortly... thank u FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Unbelievable sound  , No one challenged to BOATREAD MORE",5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Best in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Super Sound & BassREAD MORE,5.0
Happy with the product..READ MORE,5.0
"nice product, sound quality so goodREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice superb honestly. Very nice nice sound and smooth design 10 TV's won't defeat thisREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product super bass super super quality thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Heavyest bass ever....... I bet your window glasses will alsoo dance with uuREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound clearty and good bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
BooomVery happy with this product.Jz bass bass bass....READ MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Really it's awesome .READ MORE,5.0
"So basically after watching many reviews, confused between 2050 and 2000, I finally purchased this as there was only bluetooth version d/f in 2050.Boat avante 2000 has 80W wireless woofer, everywhere it's mentioned 60W but that is wrong.Sub woofer also has usb for software updates.Overall sound quality is also superb as some are talking about sound is lost in bass but that is not true.Working perfectly with Aux, HDMI ARC and bluetooth.Great Product.Loving it 😍READ MORE",5.0
Awesome sound quality and bass is supper punch 👌👌 thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Soft premium sound,,, quality 10 out of 10READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is good. More impressive factor is bass. Connected with mobile phone it's bass become bhayanak ( dangerous ). Bass lover must go for it. I think no other brand can compete in bass with this Indian brand boAt Aavante.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome quality 😍READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good bass and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound and bass quality......READ MORE,5.0
Gajab ka sound hai. Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar is not upto mark bass is good but sound bar speakers not give good output and trible is ok ..best in price without expectations sound bar is too goodREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent product 😊READ MORE,5.0
so letREAD MORE,3.0
"It's best at it's own, sound quality is too good.READ MORE",5.0
Very wonderful productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and awesome from flipkart super  product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good❤🥰READ MORE,5.0
Insufficient experience for person who attended for installationPerson has less knowledge about this productCustomer care people not responded for queries about productVery intelligent return policy Return policy not described and not in visible to usREAD MORE,1.0
Good clarity sound heavy bass...bass a little bit high sometimes you cannot hear the dailouges clearly ...in this price range its a good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality feeling like a theatreREAD MORE,4.0
very good product but sound is very lowREAD MORE,4.0
"Fast Delivery,Awesome Product... Lovely...Sound and bass best quality... Faadu hai boss...😍😘😘READ MORE",5.0
Good sound...READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome soundbar . Mind-blowing.  Bass bass bass..,Good Behaviour... delivery boy & install service man.Tnx flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Iam Satisfied This Product Boat Aavanter 2000 160Wolts Very Good Bass And Sound Is Like Home Theater Realy Supurb Iam Very Happy Buy This❣❣READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent sounbar I buyed 160 in diwali sale , really satisfied with boat product thanks flipkart use hdmi arc for perfect soundREAD MORE",5.0
Sound quality of the speaker is superb.Worth buying.Build quality is also best.I was astonished hearing its sound....good one👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality ...in time installation ..thankuREAD MORE,5.0
Best product.Must buy...Awesome bass Super sound quality.I m Happy...!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productBoAt loverREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundbar......READ MORE,5.0
It gives decent sound and bass...READ MORE,4.0
Loud and good build quality is nice... Can go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding productREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
"Delivery is excellent.  Product is wonderful. Best soundbar within budget lines. Product is premium and sound quality is excellent.  No doubt, Boat is making a mark in electronic productsREAD MORE",5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Let me tell you, this is a monster in terms of sound output. I am unable to listen to the maximum volume as my window glasses start to shake and vibrant heavily with just 50% to 60% of volume. Movie experience is amazingBASS BASS BASS BASS BASS oh yeahRecommended for every music lover, worth every penny.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Just awesome products , great Bass , great sound . Bass , bass bass 😍👍👍😍👌READ MORE",5.0
Unbelievable bass Awesome product thanx Flipkart 🥰READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality too good 🥰READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
WorthREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing purchase get it 3125rs onlyREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall superb deal at this price. The sound quality is good for music listeners only. while watching movies the sound  quality is not clear,READ MORE",5.0
Out standing performance really good Sound very clear with HDMI cable to tvREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound Bass is very good And clear soundREAD MORE,4.0
No battery there...I purchased for 7999 and with in week it is for 6999...finally nice productREAD MORE,4.0
BOAT THE BRAND SAYS IT ALL 🔥READ MORE,4.0
Great product with this price completely satisfied with the Boat ...READ MORE,5.0
Great sound.... WorthyREAD MORE,5.0
"I can't able to connect it with tv ,,beside this everything is excellentREAD MORE",3.0
Sounds output very impressive  🤟READ MORE,5.0
Truely designed for Bass Loverzzzzzz Bass really RockzzzzzzzREAD MORE,5.0
1 bass is boom 2 sound quality is good 3 very lound sound 4 JBL.sony  compair best bass this price range 5.totally value for money  under 10k   30k range  this product. Thanks Flipkart and boatREAD MORE,5.0
Keep it ulREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought this mini beast 160W on Oct 2019. Writing this review after an year, I must say, this is worth the purchase.The sound bar is nicely done and the sound is clear. The different modes are ok and does the job well. The highlight is the BASS. It fits my hall well and produces enough bass to give a theatric experience.I have connected using HDMI ARC and the sound output is far better than 3.5mm jack cable. Bluetooth connectivity is good. Go far this mini power house. Highly recommended.READ MORE",4.0
Must buy😘READ MORE,5.0
Bass bass bass... Sound quality is soo nice...floor shaking bassREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
Sound clearance is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Best in price best sound quality bass is very powerfulREAD MORE,5.0
Superrrrr Product. Sound of Quality is so Good. Bass bass is so superrrr. My room convert into Dolby theater after using boat avanta bar 2000 160 watt. I'm fully satisfied to getting this product.. loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality with amazing  bassREAD MORE,5.0
it's working as expected in low budget..READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Super not bad butREAD MORE,4.0
"Oooootha sema(Awesome).... These word come from our mouth @ Boat 160w soundbar... Original definition for Home ""THEATRE"" given by BoatREAD MORE",5.0
Good production  and good deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Good product 👌 👍READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality of the speaker is superb.Worth buying.Build quality is also best.I was astonished hearing its sound....good one👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality ...in time installation ..thankuREAD MORE,5.0
Best product.Must buy...Awesome bass Super sound quality.I m Happy...!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productBoAt loverREAD MORE,5.0
Cool productREAD MORE,4.0
Connectivity 5/5 Sound 5/5 Value for money 5/5 Flipkart 5/5 Got this on big billion day for a very super price and trust me ... The sound bar is amazing .. my cousin asked me where I bough from .... Everyone is super impressed ... It's a small hassle free sound bar. .. for the price range just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality and Base was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good prouductREAD MORE,5.0
Super product nice sound and bass quality . Mind blowing purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
very baad performanceREAD MORE,1.0
All over best Product Love Boat 💕READ MORE,5.0
best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Good but outdoor not goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Sound quality...Bass is punchy...Worth of money...You will enjoy music on this product...READ MORE,5.0
Unbelievable bass Awesome product thanx Flipkart 🥰READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality too good 🥰READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
WorthREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing purchase get it 3125rs onlyREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall superb deal at this price. The sound quality is good for music listeners only. while watching movies the sound  quality is not clear,READ MORE",5.0
Out standing performance really good Sound very clear with HDMI cable to tvREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound Bass is very good And clear soundREAD MORE,4.0
No battery there...I purchased for 7999 and with in week it is for 6999...finally nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Product delivered at proper time..  Good service.. Very Satisfied..READ MORE,5.0
Super ✌️ sound 😁 bar Best price 😋 Best soundbar 🥰Nice quality 🥳awesome bess 😱But NO HDMI CABLE 😤             And Completely super 😎READ MORE,5.0
Just awsm nothing to think before buying .Just have it ..It's excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 😎READ MORE,5.0
Super good quality..READ MORE,5.0
Good ☺️READ MORE,5.0
If you are bass lover go for Boat Avante sound bar 120WREAD MORE,5.0
Super theater expireanceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good. I love it.READ MORE,5.0
Bass bass bass... Sound quality is soo nice...floor shaking bassREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
Sound clearance is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Best in price best sound quality bass is very powerfulREAD MORE,5.0
Superrrrr Product. Sound of Quality is so Good. Bass bass is so superrrr. My room convert into Dolby theater after using boat avanta bar 2000 160 watt. I'm fully satisfied to getting this product.. loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality with amazing  bassREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Based quality videos it giving good auidoREAD MORE,4.0
Issue with Bluetooth ConnectivityREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
It's aexlent quality very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Sometimes subwoofer is not working..Automatically stopping musicREAD MORE,1.0
"I reduce 1 star because wireless subwoofer disconecting some time in 160w soundbar Bass is more powerful , that we can use outdoor as well.Treble and vocals are clear even in high volume.Bass lover shoud go for it.READ MORE",4.0
Best in class. 🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Good  productREAD MORE,4.0
Thik is amazing product .READ MORE,5.0
Best sound in discount price...thanks Boat & Flipcart..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best to Buy..READ MORE,5.0
Value for money around 5kREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice, chip nd best.. go for itREAD MORE",4.0
Not installed my speakerREAD MORE,1.0
Over all it's value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Great product 😁READ MORE,5.0
Very good Bluetooth SoundbarREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Best price And quality sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"Not recommended for small rooms,Bass fades out, connectivity issues with the bar and sub,but worth the priceREAD MORE",4.0
I am happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
Bass❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Boat Avantee Bar2000. I bought it recently in big billion days and installation also completed, its really a good product at that price range. The quality of the product is really good. Those who likes the bass sound can buy it blindly and it gives a cinematic viewing experience provided the telecasting content should have the quality.READ MORE",5.0
Very good product in 5.5k budget. Awesome sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass. I got 160w in arround 6000/-Little issues with bluetooth connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity auto disable just few daysNeed to change itREAD MORE,1.0
Nice but tye sound is not as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Great product from boat.  Excellent bass I am completely satisfied this product.  At the same time flipkart delivery also good.READ MORE,5.0
it's just awesome in such a low cost but I don't find any battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Extraordinary performance...MIND BLOWING SOUND QUALITY..READ MORE,5.0
"Sound-clarity, softness, loudBass-khatarnaakREAD MORE",5.0
Why it is cancelled are we people joke if not working still you are forcing me to keep the same defective itemREAD MORE,1.0
Such a nice product with faduuu bassssREAD MORE,5.0
Great product great offerREAD MORE,5.0
very nyc boat soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Simply super 👌👍READ MORE,4.0
Good sound & Bass quality.READ MORE,5.0
price valuable product 🥳READ MORE,5.0
You can expect theater experience for sureREAD MORE,5.0
Supperb😘😘👌👌👌👌👌🔊🔊🔊READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Great superb product must buy.... Thanks flipkrt5 starREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
The sound is crystal clear and bass is more than expectedREAD MORE,5.0
SuberbREAD MORE,5.0
It's aexlent quality very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Sometimes subwoofer is not working..Automatically stopping musicREAD MORE,1.0
"I reduce 1 star because wireless subwoofer disconecting some time in 160w soundbar Bass is more powerful , that we can use outdoor as well.Treble and vocals are clear even in high volume.Bass lover shoud go for it.READ MORE",4.0
Best in class. 🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Sound at this price point of Rs4500(in offer)But as compare to main price Rs6499 is not justified..Bluetooth connectivity is too good but wall hanging is bad..Looking nice and but missing of digital display.Voice quality is Very good,bass quality is also good but not enough for large room or out side of small room..Overall good product for small room..READ MORE",4.0
No doubt . I got 100% satisfaction.Thanks 👍READ MORE,5.0
"Super sounds. Theater feeling, I'm very happy. Thank you boAt and thank you Flipkart. Optic cable missingREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound quality.. Bass is outstanding.. Build quality is good all over the product is awesome in 5500/- price range..READ MORE,4.0
"It,s really good product.am happy to this productREAD MORE",5.0
Great product 😁READ MORE,5.0
Very good Bluetooth SoundbarREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Best price And quality sound barREAD MORE,5.0
"Not recommended for small rooms,Bass fades out, connectivity issues with the bar and sub,but worth the priceREAD MORE",4.0
I am happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
Bass❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Boat Avantee Bar2000. I bought it recently in big billion days and installation also completed, its really a good product at that price range. The quality of the product is really good. Those who likes the bass sound can buy it blindly and it gives a cinematic viewing experience provided the telecasting content should have the quality.READ MORE",5.0
Very good product in 5.5k budget. Awesome sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass. I got 160w in arround 6000/-Little issues with bluetooth connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity auto disable just few daysNeed to change itREAD MORE,1.0
Nice but tye sound is not as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Great product from boat.  Excellent bass I am completely satisfied this product.  At the same time flipkart delivery also good.READ MORE,5.0
it's just awesome in such a low cost but I don't find any battery backup.READ MORE,5.0
Extraordinary performance...MIND BLOWING SOUND QUALITY..READ MORE,5.0
"Sound-clarity, softness, loudBass-khatarnaakREAD MORE",5.0
Why it is cancelled are we people joke if not working still you are forcing me to keep the same defective itemREAD MORE,1.0
Such a nice product with faduuu bassssREAD MORE,5.0
Great product great offerREAD MORE,5.0
very nyc boat soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Simply super 👌👍READ MORE,4.0
Good sound & Bass quality.READ MORE,5.0
price valuable product 🥳READ MORE,5.0
You can expect theater experience for sureREAD MORE,5.0
Supperb😘😘👌👌👌👌👌🔊🔊🔊READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best Sound Bar In All Led Tv.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and bass was good but when we connect the sound bar to our TV it will not work properly video and audio will not match.READ MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Considering the price its a great product, I have got the120w variant which is overkill for my small room, sound quality is decent and more than expected at this price point. One has to shell out 10k for brands like JBL and all for same kind music quality!READ MORE",4.0
Amazing product..can buy with no second thoughts...cinema like experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a wonderful product delivered and installed before due datesREAD MORE,5.0
product is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product must buy ... 😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"Poor sound quality , it's not an 120 wats , sound and quality eqal to 50watsREAD MORE",1.0
Go for it worth itIn that prize quality with satisfied in that prizeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality I am happy for shopping FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound and bass 👌😁 😉READ MORE,4.0
nice product  it should be much more long to create more stereo effectREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound bar in this price range (5499)READ MORE,5.0
Go to avaante bar and get it without any hegitation best quolity speaker in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Terrific purchase !READ MORE,4.0
"Bought boAt anante 2000 160w sound bar with wireless sub woofer.  I have installed my own after informing the jeeves person because he is busy seems to be getting late. Bluetooth connetion very smooth .Please note i have read many review in online that the blue tooth version is old one in Avante 2000 model, only avante 2050 has bluetooth 5.0 version like that, but they have upgraded now i have bluetooth 5.0 version printed in the box for avante 2000 modelAmazing bass , nice treble . You wil...READ MORE",4.0
Sub sound quality like BluetoothREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product boAt inlovr itREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing sound..... 🤩🤩🤩Wow superREAD MORE,5.0
good product nice sound and bassREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quility is very excellentREAD MORE,5.0
The product is so good and delivery person fitted really bar well in the wall .5star kudosREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds greatREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality Totally worthREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
jordar bass and good soundREAD MORE,5.0
base perfectREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice good sondeREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Aavant 1200 Sound bar is best quality ProductREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound quality, HDMI connection provides theatre like clarity in sound. Bass is also top notch.Thankyou flipkart for this sound beast. I am happy with this productREAD MORE",5.0
Outstanding fabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound and Bass but just small cons everytime I need to start from remote when switch offREAD MORE,5.0
"boat aavante 1550  120w bar along with sub woofer is just awsam and fabulous in nature, i am just using this product form last 7 days. i am very much happy about the purchase and also happy with flipkart delivery and also installation demo.in this price range noting could be better than this...READ MORE",5.0
Best at priceREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
"Really wonderful though its quite big, your bass makes u to danceREAD MORE",5.0
Value for money. Very good output. Nice experience while watching movies and listening to music. In Rs.6999/- you can't get better than this.READ MORE,5.0
everything is good but HDMI ARC not connect on mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent soundbar boat 1200READ MORE,5.0
Firstly I tell about packaging of the  product ...............is...really....so much good......like...really osm.........and second...the sound quality  ......and bass......are also so very good...........wanna give 5 star to this product........and thanks flipkart..........!!!!!READ MORE,5.0
NicREAD MORE,4.0
I am not satisfied with priceREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Considering the price its a great product, I have got the120w variant which is overkill for my small room, sound quality is decent and more than expected at this price point. One has to shell out 10k for brands like JBL and all for same kind music quality!READ MORE",4.0
Amazing product..can buy with no second thoughts...cinema like experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's a wonderful product delivered and installed before due datesREAD MORE,5.0
product is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product must buy ... 😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"Poor sound quality , it's not an 120 wats , sound and quality eqal to 50watsREAD MORE",1.0
Go for it worth itIn that prize quality with satisfied in that prizeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality I am happy for shopping FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound and bass 👌😁 😉READ MORE,4.0
nice product  it should be much more long to create more stereo effectREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound bar in this price range (5499)READ MORE,5.0
Product  is good but the installation person is doesn't know any thing and he is unprofessionalREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent..base is marvellous👍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent bass bole to bawaAlREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
Excelente....READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound quality ☺️READ MORE,5.0
"The product is awesome 😍😍 but the delivery was very very very late👎👎👎 it took around 24 daysbut at the end ""derr aye durust aaye""..READ MORE",5.0
Quality and guy who come to fit both are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
"sound quality not clear,bass is okREAD MORE",3.0
Nice 👌READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Power bass I like it ...👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome products 😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄READ MORE,4.0
Nice. Sound quality is No 1. Thank you flip kart.READ MORE,5.0
Sound and quality is best nice product 👍READ MORE,5.0
LovelyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Today it was installed everything is ok sound quality bass everything is good now see how many time it was lasting than i will give total reviewREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound quality, thank you flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
CONECTION issues Disconnects frequentlyREAD MORE,4.0
Superb bass & sound.READ MORE,4.0
Super se upar qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"Writing the review after a couple of daysThe delivering of the voice is awesome and base also very nice at this cost.Through hdmi arc we can experience the less sound when compared to aux cable. Through aux cable vice is awesome, and we can utilise all the options to play our songs.Design and building of the soundbar is awesome.We can go for it and we can experience the cinematic sound with sub wooferREAD MORE",5.0
Simply awsome. Bass mode is stupendousREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product sound anda bass is cool thx fREAD MORE,5.0
value for money ... Please improve Remote quality otherwise good product .. Happy customer🤗... sound goods bass is very decent (shake my room )Under this range its a perfect ProductThanku flipkart delivered my product after 24hours of purchase.READ MORE,5.0
Great product this priceI am really happy Sound clarity and bass goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product #awesome sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Bild qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent 👍.READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Bar design is appealing and best quality of bass and sound, but when connecting the tv it's sound is not as per mark .READ MORE",4.0
Nice sound system for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent wireless bar bass was unexpected sound quality very clearREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Product  is good but the installation person is doesn't know any thing and he is unprofessionalREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent..base is marvellous👍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent bass bole to bawaAlREAD MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
amazing product and service from boAt member tq so must buy this product if you want a sound quality.enjoying movies and music thank you flipkart and boAtREAD MORE,5.0
"The soundbars are amazing I got 120 Watt version.I am gonna write both aspects of the bar.Good one 1- The sound quality is amazing the vocals sounds great and instrumental sound is also superb.2- Installation process is great and highlight of the bar is Bass. IT'S amazing and too deep one. Bad one1- Overall balance of the bar is bad, the bass supress the main music and it totally dominate over the vocals.2- Dolby like sound is not present in 3d mode. Stereo surround sound is decent....READ MORE",5.0
After 1Week Use Osm Sound Bar Bass Bass🥰🤩READ MORE,5.0
Best sound quality in this price range..READ MORE,4.0
Actually i am a big music lover.. so i feel thay sound output is not upto the mark... Actually i feel the real volume doesn't raise after 25.... In between 25-35 volume the sound is almost same nd a lot of distortion is felt above 25..... I'll give 4 star for this product and at this price☺️🤗READ MORE,4.0
Excellent product Super Bass and super trouble I love this product thank you Flipkart♥️♥️READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is very loud and crisp clearREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product very much satisfied  installation process was smooth and the guy was good thanks flip kart loved itREAD MORE,5.0
To more Bass Sound is Good...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Power bass I like it ...👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome products 😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄READ MORE,4.0
Nice. Sound quality is No 1. Thank you flip kart.READ MORE,5.0
Sound and quality is best nice product 👍READ MORE,5.0
LovelyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Today it was installed everything is ok sound quality bass everything is good now see how many time it was lasting than i will give total reviewREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound quality, thank you flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
CONECTION issues Disconnects frequentlyREAD MORE,4.0
Superb bass & sound.READ MORE,4.0
Super se upar qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
The quality of the sound bar is excellent... I purchased and have to return because of the sub woofer... It distorted..... I got a replacement... the replaced model is maybe the older version of Avante 80watt... Believe me.... The older version is excellent... Good bass and good sound bar...READ MORE,5.0
There is no proper Bluetooth connectivityREAD MORE,2.0
Great and usefulREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundbar  Value for money.  If you can pay extra money go for another.  This is budget buy soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Super Sound Bar, Bass is Exalant.READ MORE",4.0
Super Amma nice bass Amma boatREAD MORE,5.0
This soundbar is amazing soundREAD MORE,5.0
The quality at its best.... It's Boom Boom Fire....🔥READ MORE,5.0
Product is awesome and best qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good 👍READ MORE,4.0
Basss👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product sound bass excellent quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
BOAT IS A BEAST 💪👊 IN INDIA🔥 ..... It's looks like a M O N S T E R  🔥READ MORE,5.0
Best quality in my Bajet 😍😍😍1 purchase karne ka baad or vi 2oder kardiya😍😍READ MORE,5.0
"Nice sound quality,I'm happy.😊😊READ MORE",4.0
Sound quality bass qualityAll quality Number van hai 😘😘😘😍READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product.....  I love boAt...READ MORE,5.0
amazing product and service from boAt member tq so must buy this product if you want a sound quality.enjoying movies and music thank you flipkart and boAtREAD MORE,5.0
"The soundbars are amazing I got 120 Watt version.I am gonna write both aspects of the bar.Good one 1- The sound quality is amazing the vocals sounds great and instrumental sound is also superb.2- Installation process is great and highlight of the bar is Bass. IT'S amazing and too deep one. Bad one1- Overall balance of the bar is bad, the bass supress the main music and it totally dominate over the vocals.2- Dolby like sound is not present in 3d mode. Stereo surround sound is decent....READ MORE",5.0
After 1Week Use Osm Sound Bar Bass Bass🥰🤩READ MORE,5.0
Best sound quality in this price range..READ MORE,4.0
Amazing and wonderful protectREAD MORE,5.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Aux connection poorREAD MORE,1.0
he is best soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
oosm productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best productREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome . overall awesome it's bass hard to digest because it's bass is enough for home .must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Best at this price..it’s best home theater i ever seenREAD MORE,4.0
"Great sound bar under 5499. Sound is amazing, no distortion, deep bass, Cristal clear sound. You can experience every details, 120w is more than enough for 10x20 feet hall.READ MORE",5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class sounds like sony music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Just bought few days back... its awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
This quality of music only sony provide best in this price Sony provide approximately triple x priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Good sound quality and bass is awesome,  nice product value for money. delivery is very fast.. Thank you flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
Sir I was buy 6500 last month this month was 4500 hundredREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product... And Bass is very extraordinary...READ MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very loud bass..bass is overload sound quality decent.. overall good product... don't think more jast go for in.. Velu for money..I am happy with that😊READ MORE,5.0
Adnan using this and he enjoyed a lot.. listening to songs and watching movies 24 hours.. and playing pubg continuous by excellent Bluetooth option..READ MORE,4.0
My Sony Bravia led is not connecting with this sound bar neither aux nor Bluetooth. HDMI IS NOT WITH THIS BAR. Customer support is also not good even I am prime member of flipcart.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
The sound is amazing. Totally worth the price.READ MORE,5.0
Premium quality product with Good Amount of sound!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product , good quality in this price rangeREAD MORE",5.0
This is Nice product...👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality Boat soundbar fast delivery and installation . Thanks to Flip kart.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent quite happy with the productREAD MORE,4.0
Love the product!!!Awesome sound paisa wasoolREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound and super bass excellent quality my heart touch excellent maza aagiya gaya bhai thanks boatREAD MORE,5.0
Mind-blowing purchaseBass was pretty owsmClear soundVoice wowMaza agya😘😘😘😘😘😘🎂🎉🎉🎉😀😀🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳READ MORE,5.0
Sound bar okkBut no one is available for installationREAD MORE,3.0
Nice workingREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is excellent...And sound is clear.....Must buy this productREAD MORE,4.0
What a product....chindi bass entire home shakes for the bass sound...Ulti...🥰READ MORE,5.0
Amusing sound quality and heavy bass. Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice sound bar, in this price range this product is awesomeREAD MORE",4.0
Best sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
Just awshome... Buy it at Rs 4625.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product and speed and good delivery And delivery boy also good jobREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome.......READ MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
great sound.READ MORE,5.0
"I have been using this product since 2 days, must say this sound bar is god of sound in this price, just loved the bass and the sound clarity, boat is dealing in beast. Go for it without any doubt, simply amazing ❣️❣️READ MORE",5.0
he is best soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
oosm productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best productREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome . overall awesome it's bass hard to digest because it's bass is enough for home .must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Best at this price..it’s best home theater i ever seenREAD MORE,4.0
"Great sound bar under 5499. Sound is amazing, no distortion, deep bass, Cristal clear sound. You can experience every details, 120w is more than enough for 10x20 feet hall.READ MORE",5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class sounds like sony music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Just bought few days back... its awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
This quality of music only sony provide best in this price Sony provide approximately triple x priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Good sound quality and bass is awesome,  nice product value for money. delivery is very fast.. Thank you flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
Sir I was buy 6500 last month this month was 4500 hundredREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product... And Bass is very extraordinary...READ MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Connectivity not goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very loud bass..bass is overload sound quality decent.. overall good product... don't think more jast go for in.. Velu for money..I am happy with that😊READ MORE,5.0
With price range decent quality and sound. Overall all good product if you’re looking in budget. If you’re music lover with high bass and pound sound go for higher range.READ MORE,3.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,4.0
"Osm sound , qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Product is good & the man who came to install this is very humbleREAD MORE,5.0
Great product in this price Range 😍❤️READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product and proformancREAD MORE,5.0
Just wowREAD MORE,5.0
Amezing product good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good  productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductSound system was goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product 👍👍👌READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and within bugdet.READ MORE,4.0
Excellent sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best oneREAD MORE,5.0
best soundbar in budget...READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good product comparison to all price & bass output is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Superb 👌READ MORE,5.0
Your product installation facility is very poor. The technicians you send are not going to install at the customer's house and are incorrectly updated. Installation is done.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar under budget but movie experience is not the best but if u are song lover then go for it bass is the best❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Perfect fit for my one plus 43 inch tv See the detailed review for boat soundbarSound quality:5/5                Bass:5/5        Features:5/5, bluetooth,hdmi,aux,different           s                               sound modes like news .......Subwoofer.   :5/5,but lags sometimes through     s                  bluetooth if you listen movies from it ,it sometimes  lags Overall experience good nice product...from boatREAD MORE",5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Not working subwoofer and not connecting to the barREAD MORE,1.0
"so nice.., i am happy.READ MORE",5.0
Beautiful product bass quality super I loved it thanks flifkartREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality . best under 5kREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product with very carefully deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome.. Love the product.. Fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good Sounds, bassREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
FANTASTIC QUALITY Money for worthREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is little bit lessREAD MORE,4.0
"First of all, fast delivery by flipkart as well as fast installtion.Thanks to flipkart for delivering best product.Now, about the product design and build quality is good, sound and bass is extremely powerful and good.Feels like dolby digital.READ MORE",5.0
Good product but not meet to the expectations. Bass is low.READ MORE,4.0
Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Installation wast of my timeREAD MORE,1.0
Superb sound quality and bass is punchy.READ MORE,5.0
Material  very badREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is good but sound not clearly little bit of noise.. And every thing is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Bass Lover Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Super boss and sound very nice.  I am so happy me🤗🤗READ MORE,5.0
The sound bar bass is excellent fully powered....first time i use this sound bar but excellent soundREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
good bass and trebleREAD MORE,5.0
Best ever sound bar in this range!!_😍♥Awesome bass and sound quality iz just amazing ♥READ MORE,5.0
4499 boat 1550 this price range is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best boat original ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Excelleñt musicREAD MORE,5.0
Good product reasonable price...READ MORE,5.0
Amazing soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality extra ordinary love itREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not good. This is only for bass lover.READ MORE,2.0
Awesome boat speakers must buy no need to buy costly speakers like JBL SONY ...Buy this in big-billion deals 4800 only.  Installation done same day with. In an hr.  Thanks to sohan Preet  singh installation guy.READ MORE,5.0
Mind blowing awesome sound system & bass is powerful i'm so happy this productLove it....READ MORE,5.0
Best oneREAD MORE,5.0
best soundbar in budget...READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Good product comparison to all price & bass output is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Superb 👌READ MORE,5.0
Your product installation facility is very poor. The technicians you send are not going to install at the customer's house and are incorrectly updated. Installation is done.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar under budget but movie experience is not the best but if u are song lover then go for it bass is the best❤️READ MORE,5.0
"Perfect fit for my one plus 43 inch tv See the detailed review for boat soundbarSound quality:5/5                Bass:5/5        Features:5/5, bluetooth,hdmi,aux,different           s                               sound modes like news .......Subwoofer.   :5/5,but lags sometimes through     s                  bluetooth if you listen movies from it ,it sometimes  lags Overall experience good nice product...from boatREAD MORE",5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Not working subwoofer and not connecting to the barREAD MORE,1.0
"so nice.., i am happy.READ MORE",5.0
Beautiful product bass quality super I loved it thanks flifkartREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality . best under 5kREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product with very carefully deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
I like the bass very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent basssREAD MORE,5.0
thnxREAD MORE,5.0
powerful sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound bar. Sound quality is superb. Liked it.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Really nice 😍Punchy bassExcellent sound qualityGood Connectivity Quickly connectedREAD MORE,5.0
good..READ MORE,2.0
Sound bar looks good sound is clear but 120 watt sound is not enough I have doubt that it exactly produce 120 watt... Hdmi never connected with TV tried all metohdREAD MORE,2.0
Excellent sound with excellent bass in this Range . 😍READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Very nyc productREAD MORE,5.0
It is a very good product and the sound quality is also good.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Supper bass and sound quality also very good feel like theatre.......READ MORE,5.0
Best quality products I like itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
4499 boat 1550 this price range is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best boat original ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Excelleñt musicREAD MORE,5.0
Good product reasonable price...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality. don't think go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Mind blowing purchase Very nice lookingVery good qualitySuperb soundREAD MORE,5.0
Everything's ok but how to play without plug in.READ MORE,5.0
Supperb thump and bass... loved it... best thing for better home music...READ MORE,5.0
"Bass, bass and bass, Very satisfied.READ MORE",5.0
Bass is superb but treble needs little moreREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound was just awesome,go for itREAD MORE",4.0
This soundbar is very good.sound qualities is very heavy and crystal clear.I am very happy.thanks to you.READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product..sound performance is superb ..loved it ...READ MORE,5.0
Yes i m happy thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best product in budget. Sound and bass quality is awesome. My first shopping in online and it came with 100% trust. Thank u flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Blasting sound boom Really niceREAD MORE,4.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
"less clarity ,more bass ..READ MORE",3.0
It's a aswomeREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfaction sound quality in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent quality build and sound. Mind blowing purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mind-blowingREAD MORE,4.0
Voice quality not so goodREAD MORE,3.0
Product also gd but delvery boys behavior very BAD 👎 Not responding delvery boysREAD MORE,3.0
I bought this 3249 in big billion days.READ MORE,4.0
"Phenomenal , I purchased it for my father and he is in love with it ....he listen Ghazal and he admires it a lot ...truly contented with purchase. Bass quality is excellent , listening music on boat is like epitome of your contentment ...if it  all the dialogue listening could further be enhanced this would be a complete package . However, using Eq3  with full treble definitely enhances the voice clarity.READ MORE",5.0
"No one came to set up for installation, from the company and it’s very dissappointing Bass is average .. I think f and d is a better option in this price .. 😕😕😕READ MORE",3.0
Boat my favourite companyREAD MORE,5.0
This is not use in normal LED TVREAD MORE,1.0
Extent & superREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfactoryREAD MORE,3.0
"It is very good especially sound quality and bass.  Rate is very cheaper, I purchase this product from flipkart for Rs.5499/-.READ MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Superb and amazing.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product and Good and nice bass... I am writing this after using 4 monthsREAD MORE,4.0
"Superb sound,,,,super quality 👍👍👍READ MORE",5.0
Nice product best build quality and sound it is low what over it is high then use can productREAD MORE,5.0
Aweome product..Love the bass.READ MORE,5.0
Superb quality. I buy Big billion offers 3249😃😍. Really very happy. Thank you so much flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"good product. it just goes into idle mode and powers off automatically when movie is paused after 5-10 mins,not sure why. rest all good.READ MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
So nice & lovelyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound quality, very good, Base, very good, battery backup, Very very poor, Overall, Love it❣️READ MORE",4.0
Best bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product thnx flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Unbelievable Subwoofer Bass & Hyper Tweeters Sounds. Thanks to Flipkart selling this product in India.READ MORE,5.0
Best sound bar in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Ek number bass and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Quietly brilliantREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good but the person who visited for Installation does not know anything even he came without any tools for installationREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Not clear voice..Only bass is thereREAD MORE,2.0
"4500 price , goodREAD MORE",4.0
Velue off money with great sound with owsm bass 🔥♥️READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent, superREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Blasting sound boom Really niceREAD MORE,4.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
"less clarity ,more bass ..READ MORE",3.0
It's a aswomeREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfaction sound quality in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent quality build and sound. Mind blowing purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome mind-blowingREAD MORE,4.0
Voice quality not so goodREAD MORE,3.0
Product also gd but delvery boys behavior very BAD 👎 Not responding delvery boysREAD MORE,3.0
Super Bass sounds super 3D mode superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice quality and nice designREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound 👌👍 Awesome bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good Product 👍READ MORE,4.0
What a Fantastic Product..Sound quality is awesome for my hall and the bass of this product is super fantasticGreat design by BOAT.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
The quality of the sound is too good at this range. M loving it! Worth buying Boat at a good deal under 4kREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazing. in short (pura Paisa vasool.....)READ MORE,5.0
"Its not wireless, and no battery inserts in the boxREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Vera level sounds...sony waste.boat bestREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is ok...not so high go for hometheaterREAD MORE,4.0
bass is very poorREAD MORE,2.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality 👌👌👍READ MORE,4.0
Good one for this price nice......READ MORE,5.0
Worthy productREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound and clear sound quality it's good product and good one and nice product ...READ MORE,5.0
Bass is really awesome.... and sound quality is also very good. I am writing after 20 days of use. No words just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound quality, very good, Base, very good, battery backup, Very very poor, Overall, Love it❣️READ MORE",4.0
Best bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product thnx flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Unbelievable Subwoofer Bass & Hyper Tweeters Sounds. Thanks to Flipkart selling this product in India.READ MORE,5.0
Best sound bar in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Ek number bass and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Quietly brilliantREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good but the person who visited for Installation does not know anything even he came without any tools for installationREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Not clear voice..Only bass is thereREAD MORE,2.0
"4500 price , goodREAD MORE",4.0
Velue off money with great sound with owsm bass 🔥♥️READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent, superREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Got thi product for 6500 in big billion days... Very good sound quality and bass... Easy to connectREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Product with superb Price ..... Till now everything is Good .... Hope for long lasting !! Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundbar under 5000.READ MORE,5.0
"Very good surround sound experience. Now, saying from a decent size hall perspective.. got it at 5999/- on Diwali offer and works best for me.. No need of installation wait you can do it all by yourself.READ MORE",5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
World begest low prise sondbar . exlent .full paisa wasulREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Product Just Go for it Guys!!READ MORE,5.0
Super Bass sounds super 3D mode superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice quality and nice designREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound 👌👍 Awesome bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good Product 👍READ MORE,4.0
What a Fantastic Product..Sound quality is awesome for my hall and the bass of this product is super fantasticGreat design by BOAT.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,5.0
The quality of the sound is too good at this range. M loving it! Worth buying Boat at a good deal under 4kREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazing. in short (pura Paisa vasool.....)READ MORE,5.0
"Its not wireless, and no battery inserts in the boxREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Vera level sounds...sony waste.boat bestREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is ok...not so high go for hometheaterREAD MORE,4.0
bass is very poorREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality yaar. I suggest bass lovers. Awesome yaar.you will be eye 👀 off then buy now.best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound and bass awesome.. 🔊READ MORE,5.0
Every thing is good but i dont understand...where is battery🤷‍♂. Can any one tell me about that battery.....How it works...READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good when connecting to mobile or wifiOtherwise it's average (when connecting Set up box sound is very low not sufficient)READ MORE,4.0
Awesome build quality sound quality  but i am little bit not happy with the bass  All i give is 10/8READ MORE,4.0
That's good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound & Bass .. i love this productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice  very  niceREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Buil quilty & sound quilty is very awesome with power ful base.. Base to much.. Base lover go with this.. After 3 months used.. I got this 5499READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Sweet... U won't regretREAD MORE,5.0
Super boAt system.... Maza aa gya.READ MORE,4.0
"This is very good ,the bass is very high,l can control bass and terrible by remoteREAD MORE",5.0
Very  goodREAD MORE,5.0
After 1 month Nice performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
It's come with audio jack cable. In that sound quality it just ok. Bought hdmi arc cable after that it's working like crazy. Cristal clear audio.READ MORE,5.0
I am full happyREAD MORE,5.0
soundbar looking nice & premium.. subwoofer is Awesome bass System  all bass lover go for it any doubt 👍READ MORE,4.0
"I purchased both 120 for my brother and 160 for mebut due to wired connection I think response time lag is not an issue with 120 subwoofer, which I feel in 160 w. Rest a good product in 6300/- for 160w and 4500/- for 120 w.READ MORE",4.0
Nice product TQ Flipkart and TQ EkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Purchased at 4500/- on offer.Bass is great..Speaker sound is sweet.Don't go with negative reviews if you are looking for a mid budget soundbar, Other wise go with sony/Jbl/.READ MORE",5.0
Good prodct.. Good delivary...READ MORE,5.0
Design and build quality is awesome..READ MORE,5.0
Value for money...READ MORE,5.0
very good sound and display is also good compact product.READ MORE,5.0
"It is nice and smooth going , bluetooth connectivity is very fast,it has no battery installed that is not also a big issue if you are using it inside a house,but it is not for outdoor parties.READ MORE",4.0
"Nice product. I'm happy super Bass,sound quality,and design Price is tha best productsREAD MORE",4.0
Nice product ...READ MORE,4.0
Super Bass boostedREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
Very Nice Soundbar...READ MORE,4.0
"Sounds great. However Bluetooth connectivity is very poor, sound breaks and at times goes complete mute. Aux connectivity sucks. My TV volume is much better than the volume when on aux connected. Discovered it works smooth when connected with an hdmi cable.  Rating it 4 only for the sound quality over hdmi.READ MORE",4.0
This sound bar is a good sound bar.and it's vary loudeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"1year back boat sound bar good qualitySound good,Bass vera level broREAD MORE",5.0
Battery I don't no not used any time but with aux pin superb I connected to my 55inchs Tv superb sound and superb bass I am one of bass lover really saying 100% bass good u can go on itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass quality is good. Similar quality sound bar in branded category will cost you more. Value for money. HDMI cable is not provided. You have to purchase.READ MORE,4.0
Best in class🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality yaar. I suggest bass lovers. Awesome yaar.you will be eye 👀 off then buy now.best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound and bass awesome.. 🔊READ MORE,5.0
Every thing is good but i dont understand...where is battery🤷‍♂. Can any one tell me about that battery.....How it works...READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good when connecting to mobile or wifiOtherwise it's average (when connecting Set up box sound is very low not sufficient)READ MORE,4.0
Awesome build quality sound quality  but i am little bit not happy with the bass  All i give is 10/8READ MORE,4.0
That's good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound & Bass .. i love this productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful Bass and sound..READ MORE,4.0
NICE PRODUCTS.... BUT there is no System of BATTERYREAD MORE,4.0
Where is its bty???it's plug n play...READ MORE,5.0
All good.. better to take both woffer and soundbar..only soundbar does not met your expectation.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Osm product Base superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
This can shake your house if played at full volume...Very powerful 60W Woofer!Hyper extreme overpowered maha bass!!!60W Soundbar also great!WORTH IT!!READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass not is too lowREAD MORE,5.0
There is no battery backup. Remaining sound quality is good and bass alsoREAD MORE,5.0
Nice lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Sound good and Original Bass osm 3d song Rimot qantrol quality good Sound bar good pirce Boat Soundbar Movie bass good song good Sound super 1550 120 w Boat Sound quality Super BassREAD MORE,5.0
damage productsREAD MORE,1.0
Not that I expectedREAD MORE,3.0
nich productREAD MORE,5.0
Outstanding product 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Awsome bass...And cristal clear soundREAD MORE,5.0
very good sound and display is also good compact product.READ MORE,5.0
"It is nice and smooth going , bluetooth connectivity is very fast,it has no battery installed that is not also a big issue if you are using it inside a house,but it is not for outdoor parties.READ MORE",4.0
"Nice product. I'm happy super Bass,sound quality,and design Price is tha best productsREAD MORE",4.0
Nice product ...READ MORE,4.0
"Nice product, good quality of sound for music lower, impressive design, feels soft and smooth sound even on large volume, cleaster clear beatsREAD MORE",5.0
Experience is betterREAD MORE,5.0
Super productExcellent sound quality Excellent bassStylish X design Mast build quality Overall value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality at this price. Feeling like sitting in the movie theatre with great bass. I would recommend those who have interest in deeper bass.READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality & Superb deep Bass 👊🏻..READ MORE,5.0
Wires are shorter than average expectations.Bass is really good.Sound clarity is average.Good speaker for the price point.Bluetooth connectivity is a little hassle.READ MORE,4.0
Very nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Ozm productREAD MORE,4.0
Beyong gr8READ MORE,5.0
"My small 2.1 home theater is better than this ,this is not worth. In rating battery back up rating is asked, I don't now where is battery. I found battery only in remote. Think before buying this.It is not wireless. It is wired bluetooth sound bar. I don't now, how this has got this much rating, don't go for rating, first check if satisfied then only choose this.READ MORE",1.0
Bass is amazing super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"A product is good,In built quality it's looks premium plastic body & matel grill in a bar.But 1 thing that I saw, it's sound quality is ok ok. & Bass is not soo impressive like heat thumping.If you r a bass lover you will be disappointed with this product.I recommend to buy sony d20 its bass is soo deep.I purchased boat sound system in 5500.& Sony d20 in. 6500.READ MORE",4.0
BadREAD MORE,4.0
Must say that this Avante1550 is a value for money product for a price tag of around 5.5K. Bass is little bit high but it may be a plus point for bass lover . Sound quality is exellent for this price. Don't expect high but it's not an wast of money at all. But... For sure... Sound should be refine little more... Overall good. I will recomended definately.READ MORE,5.0
120 W.   SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌 good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
voice not clearly poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Best product at this price pointREAD MORE,4.0
amazing soundar. purchased at 5500 best in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Finally I bought Boat 160 w avante 2000 ....it's awesome sound quality....Boom Bass...after installation I give this review, a month later I will update my review ...Cons.Jeeves installation was pathetic...boy came, he was in hurry mode...smash packing drop my sound bar on floor. Make a hole on my wall..but screw came out when he went...stick a foam behind sound bar ...now the bar hanging and facing towards the floor. Pls look into this...that's the reason I give  4 star...Other wise boat...READ MORE",4.0
It is pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
If we use connecting wear with tv or in mobile its sound oddREAD MORE,3.0
jbl moviebar80 betterREAD MORE,1.0
Suppreeerrrrr noise and baseREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in best priceREAD MORE,5.0
AmezingREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Feel sondREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Poor quality cus. service very slowREAD MORE,2.0
Sound quality is super this product is value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality we are happy with this sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Wow goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Sound quality & best part wireless subwoofer ..READ MORE,5.0
super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Doesn't reach my expectations...... sound was good, bass is ok..okDon't expect boom boom form sub...., bt good for small roomBut good and crystal clear sound from barBuilt quality was awesome....I gt this for 6600/- in saleREAD MORE",3.0
"Nice product, good quality of sound for music lower, impressive design, feels soft and smooth sound even on large volume, cleaster clear beatsREAD MORE",5.0
Experience is betterREAD MORE,5.0
Super productExcellent sound quality Excellent bassStylish X design Mast build quality Overall value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality at this price. Feeling like sitting in the movie theatre with great bass. I would recommend those who have interest in deeper bass.READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality & Superb deep Bass 👊🏻..READ MORE,5.0
Wires are shorter than average expectations.Bass is really good.Sound clarity is average.Good speaker for the price point.Bluetooth connectivity is a little hassle.READ MORE,4.0
Very nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Ozm productREAD MORE,4.0
Beyong gr8READ MORE,5.0
"My small 2.1 home theater is better than this ,this is not worth. In rating battery back up rating is asked, I don't now where is battery. I found battery only in remote. Think before buying this.It is not wireless. It is wired bluetooth sound bar. I don't now, how this has got this much rating, don't go for rating, first check if satisfied then only choose this.READ MORE",1.0
Bass is amazing super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"A product is good,In built quality it's looks premium plastic body & matel grill in a bar.But 1 thing that I saw, it's sound quality is ok ok. & Bass is not soo impressive like heat thumping.If you r a bass lover you will be disappointed with this product.I recommend to buy sony d20 its bass is soo deep.I purchased boat sound system in 5500.& Sony d20 in. 6500.READ MORE",4.0
BadREAD MORE,4.0
Must say that this Avante1550 is a value for money product for a price tag of around 5.5K. Bass is little bit high but it may be a plus point for bass lover . Sound quality is exellent for this price. Don't expect high but it's not an wast of money at all. But... For sure... Sound should be refine little more... Overall good. I will recomended definately.READ MORE,5.0
120 W.   SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌 good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
voice not clearly poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Best product at this price pointREAD MORE,4.0
amazing soundar. purchased at 5500 best in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Finally I bought Boat 160 w avante 2000 ....it's awesome sound quality....Boom Bass...after installation I give this review, a month later I will update my review ...Cons.Jeeves installation was pathetic...boy came, he was in hurry mode...smash packing drop my sound bar on floor. Make a hole on my wall..but screw came out when he went...stick a foam behind sound bar ...now the bar hanging and facing towards the floor. Pls look into this...that's the reason I give  4 star...Other wise boat...READ MORE",4.0
It is pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
If we use connecting wear with tv or in mobile its sound oddREAD MORE,3.0
jbl moviebar80 betterREAD MORE,1.0
Suppreeerrrrr noise and baseREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in best priceREAD MORE,5.0
AmezingREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality..Fantastic bass... But there must be a button for switching woofer... Sometimes woofer irritated me while watching movies...READ MORE,5.0
Feel sondREAD MORE,3.0
Boom boom superREAD MORE,5.0
The clarity of the sound is quite good.. good bass.. enough sound for any roomREAD MORE,5.0
Best saundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Used 15days with via Bluetooth and with aux both are working very well crystal clear sound quality. Superb quality at reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is sound and bass very good and jivas installation demo in service very fast thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼READ MORE,5.0
"Nice product, it is not supports dolby digital soundREAD MORE",4.0
Excellent 👍👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product... Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
SuperBREAD MORE,4.0
(Remote control)Horrible product (no remote control available)My soundbar remote control was broken company are not found a new remote control.READ MORE,1.0
Bluetooth conect problemREAD MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Overall it is a good one recommend to takeREAD MORE,4.0
very good👍READ MORE,5.0
bass lover will love thisREAD MORE,5.0
OsamREAD MORE,5.0
Bass lovers must go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound was very good out put.... Sub woofer working very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's really good sound bar..😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Very bad sound quality. Very poor experience from FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
"Amazing sound quality clear sound,punch base Product is very GoodREAD MORE",5.0
Superb bass crystal clear soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product...... Sound quality superbREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbbbbbbGood soundGood BassREAD MORE,5.0
"Very wast,  subwoofer not workingREAD MORE",3.0
No lift right soundREAD MORE,1.0
"One of the best deal, Thanks for Flipkart, one should buy this sound system, Everything is mind-blowing, I never thought about quality of sound, which is awesome, after hearing my sound system my friend immediately placed order, 💯% quality in this range, Don't think more just go for it, you will realise. Once again thank you for boAt and Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"Good Quality, Good Sound.. Awesome product..READ MORE",5.0
super bassREAD MORE,5.0
Supper👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Yeah Great Soundbar With a good Budget priceAwesomee!!!!!READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound quality....good bass... good service from installation executive rohitREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, compatible for medium hall.READ MORE",5.0
Superb sound bar tnx flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I have created issue about connecting bar to TV with AUX cable, AUX does not supported to tv and problem is make a unwanted sound through bar, so help me for this.....READ MORE",5.0
"Review after 1week of use, Amazing soundbar, bass is excellent,sound quality awsome, you will be 100% happy with this, i got this for 3250rs on bigbillion day flash saleREAD MORE",5.0
Good products.. SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It was great product. The sound quality is Very good. Bass is very very powerful. I love it. 🥰READ MORE,5.0
"This for bass lovers. Punchy bass. It sounds good in mid size room. But, lows and mids, instrumental sound gets overshadowed by the bass. So, the sound clarity is average. However, in this price range, this still better than the others. Our TV doesn't have HDMI ARC port, so I am using AUX(3.5 mm) port and Bluetooth.TIP: If your TV has HDMI ARC port, no other connectivity port can match it's sound.READ MORE",4.0
Great product from boat. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Everage productREAD MORE,5.0
"It is Awesome it's worth for money, demo man name is Karthik, he helped us..so much..Thanks..😊READ MORE",5.0
"Product is great. But mine is not supporting hdmi arc. The whole purpose of replacing the speakers is to support hdmi arc, but tats not happening. Anyways using bluetooth for connecting and is reasonably okay. But would have been great if hdmi arc worked.Price was great.including all discounts, it was around 4500 which is great. Great bass, great sound, woofer quality is great. Sound is good for a 16*16 ft hall. Apart from the hdmi arc support, speakers are greatREAD MORE",3.0
Boat is sound and bass very good and jivas installation demo in service very fast thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼READ MORE,5.0
"Nice product, it is not supports dolby digital soundREAD MORE",4.0
Excellent 👍👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product... Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
SuperBREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome, go for this one. Excellent experience from boAt. Good bass from woofer, clear sound , worth money.READ MORE",5.0
Easy to fix .  Did Installation by myselfREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ... Just lovedREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product But i don't know it also work on batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect sound bar at 4500/-READ MORE,5.0
"Got this product on 29th last month , it's a monster with high bass n sound clarity is too good. Loved the experience as compared to JBL n other brands loved boat. Sound is crisp, bass is too good, and I got the product only in 6999 which was a steal deal.Only issues is I am yet to receive the installation guy .READ MORE",5.0
Just started using Boat Sound Bar and this is made with good quality.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing sound.. ground shaking subWoofer..Baught it for Rs.4775 /- Must buy in this price range..READ MORE,5.0
Sound is good. Bass is also good but over all sound effect of the system is not up to the mark.READ MORE,4.0
Nyc I recommend to all for purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
Superb very boooooooosssss bossREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound quality........ Clear bass... ImpressiveREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product...... Sound quality superbREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbbbbbbGood soundGood BassREAD MORE,5.0
"Very wast,  subwoofer not workingREAD MORE",3.0
No lift right soundREAD MORE,1.0
"One of the best deal, Thanks for Flipkart, one should buy this sound system, Everything is mind-blowing, I never thought about quality of sound, which is awesome, after hearing my sound system my friend immediately placed order, 💯% quality in this range, Don't think more just go for it, you will realise. Once again thank you for boAt and Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice productThe sound quality is very goodHigh sound gives best experienceThe design is neat and uniqueOverall best productOdered day before yesterday installed todayREAD MORE,5.0
Fully SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Fadu GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good Bass . Deep Bass . Vary GOOD saundREAD MORE,4.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
"Nothing to tell  very very good product  @ 9,000READ MORE",5.0
OsamREAD MORE,5.0
First..Why is battery backup an option to rate here dude?! It doesn't come with bulit in battery!...now coming on the review. Blindly go for it. I saw a log of reviews and comments where people said that the audio is very bad ...it is muffled. Why bro? It's clarity is insane and the bass is super. And it is loud too. Just a thing I wanted u all to know. I got the new remote which comes with the upgraded version...was it with u all to?READ MORE,5.0
Gud.i bought 5399.00 onlyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I have created issue about connecting bar to TV with AUX cable, AUX does not supported to tv and problem is make a unwanted sound through bar, so help me for this.....READ MORE",5.0
"Review after 1week of use, Amazing soundbar, bass is excellent,sound quality awsome, you will be 100% happy with this, i got this for 3250rs on bigbillion day flash saleREAD MORE",5.0
Good products.. SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It was great product. The sound quality is Very good. Bass is very very powerful. I love it. 🥰READ MORE,5.0
"This for bass lovers. Punchy bass. It sounds good in mid size room. But, lows and mids, instrumental sound gets overshadowed by the bass. So, the sound clarity is average. However, in this price range, this still better than the others. Our TV doesn't have HDMI ARC port, so I am using AUX(3.5 mm) port and Bluetooth.TIP: If your TV has HDMI ARC port, no other connectivity port can match it's sound.READ MORE",4.0
Great product from boat. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Everage productREAD MORE,5.0
"It is Awesome it's worth for money, demo man name is Karthik, he helped us..so much..Thanks..😊READ MORE",5.0
"Product is great. But mine is not supporting hdmi arc. The whole purpose of replacing the speakers is to support hdmi arc, but tats not happening. Anyways using bluetooth for connecting and is reasonably okay. But would have been great if hdmi arc worked.Price was great.including all discounts, it was around 4500 which is great. Great bass, great sound, woofer quality is great. Sound is good for a 16*16 ft hall. Apart from the hdmi arc support, speakers are greatREAD MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Woofer is not turning on and It's total packing was opened means sealed was broken damaged packing was damaged very very disappointedREAD MORE,1.0
It's very good product.READ MORE,5.0
Nice quality sound....bass little bit less thn sony or jblREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product.. disappointed with packingREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product with excellent sound quality and good features & attractive design.READ MORE,4.0
Superb product But i don't know it also work on batteryREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect sound bar at 4500/-READ MORE,5.0
"Got this product on 29th last month , it's a monster with high bass n sound clarity is too good. Loved the experience as compared to JBL n other brands loved boat. Sound is crisp, bass is too good, and I got the product only in 6999 which was a steal deal.Only issues is I am yet to receive the installation guy .READ MORE",5.0
Just started using Boat Sound Bar and this is made with good quality.READ MORE,5.0
Budget catogoryREAD MORE,4.0
Jabardast bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, sound quality is too goodthanks flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
Super mind blowing soundAll satisfied. Demo service is very poor.READ MORE,5.0
It very good soundbar at this price range and this soundbar bass is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one....sound nd bass was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome qualityGud bassThank u boat? and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't buy this product, after 15days suddenly stopped working and after sometime volume has been reduced drastically.READ MORE",1.0
Best product in this range I bought it in BBD sale at 4999 and it's worth every penny! Thanks Flipkart Boat rocks!!READ MORE,5.0
"Bought it in an amazing price of rs 4949 and superfast delivery, received it on 3rd day. Thanks to flipkart amazing services. Flipkart keep it up!!! And the soundbar is amazing in it's price range means if one is going to buy sony home theater till 20000 can buy it. Bass Bass Bass Bass... boom boom in your room.Go for boat!!READ MORE",5.0
Sound Quality (4.8/5)Bass(5/5)Design (5/5)Connectivity (5/5)If you have chosen this in your wishlist just close your eyes and buy it.....It is a thing that will go beyond your expectations ..but if your room is small go for 120W or  less than it.... because it will not only shake your house 🏡 but also your neighbours.... Bass is superior and superb.... I literally loved it...🥰READ MORE,5.0
Good sound bar from boat value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Bass n sound was awesome...bt bluetooth is very bad... connectivity is very bad through bluetooth...apart frm that.. product was awsme...I love itREAD MORE,4.0
AwsmREAD MORE,5.0
Wow...simply superb sound quality... Awesome product from Boat...5/5 for sound quality...This is my first soundbar...I m happy with the productREAD MORE,5.0
Just osamREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
"""Awesome Product"" Design and build quality are Superb and I'm very Happy with it, this Sound bar is amazing at it's low price, also sound, bass and trouble are awesome ???, I'm little bit unhappy because delivery taken too much time but that's not a big deal???READ MORE",5.0
Poor soundREAD MORE,1.0
"Value for money product. Above average, can't complain. But, it requires special expensive HDMI audio cable to connect with smart tv. No normal HDMI works. The cable should be provided with the product.READ MORE",4.0
I use it last 2 weeks. Sound quality is good. I use it for LED tv through digital optical cable. Sound is less on that mode When I use it on Bluetooth or HDMI sound is high vs optical cable.Bass is very high in my 12by12 room. I use bass -5  for general programs. It's value for money. I think it best in this price range. It not Dolby sound but bass lovers it is best.READ MORE,5.0
And also the delivery man was really kind hearted person ????READ MORE,5.0
"Very much satisfied with the product ? Thank you for the product Flipkart.. installation person is also good..  Nice quality, bass, soundREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Sounds GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality but slightly low bassREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity problem is there oftenly otherwise this is great product.... No doubt.... Rocking bass effect.....READ MORE,4.0
Superb design! Bass sound is too good.READ MORE,5.0
very good lukingREAD MORE,4.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Its amazing soundbar boat is brand it's money worthREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice voice and sound clarity.READ MORE,5.0
I am happy big base &mp 3 songs good quality i am so happy flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Budget catogoryREAD MORE,4.0
Jabardast bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, sound quality is too goodthanks flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Early delivery by flipkart and early installation by the engineer. Used for 3 days and it has good sound quality and good Bluetooth connection.READ MORE,5.0
SUCH A GOOD SOUND BARREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product Bass is too goodWell furnishedREAD MORE,5.0
Installation was successfully completed and DEMO was very nice.  Tarak Rajak is an expert person and well behaved too.He was quite good. The service was very good5star******READ MORE,5.0
Sound volume isn't enough rest everything fine .READ MORE,4.0
"All good sound, bass, design. best product..!READ MORE",5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice sound quality,Packing good,READ MORE",5.0
Bass bass and lots of bass.A very good product by BOAT and highly recommended for Bass lovers.Git this product for 4500 during BB days.Totally worth it.READ MORE,4.0
It is good product under 9k. Sound quality is perfect. Lil bit bass is less but overall with this range you are satisfied with your product.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Aux port is not working low quality product and receive product is not show on pictureREAD MORE,1.0
CRYSTAL Clear SOUNDREAD MORE,5.0
Just wow the product is excellent and the base is unbelievable in this price.READ MORE,4.0
Good. I am  satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Bluetooth not working properlyREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Quality is good...but HDMI port is no in this 80wREAD MORE,4.0
"Value for money product. Above average, can't complain. But, it requires special expensive HDMI audio cable to connect with smart tv. No normal HDMI works. The cable should be provided with the product.READ MORE",4.0
I use it last 2 weeks. Sound quality is good. I use it for LED tv through digital optical cable. Sound is less on that mode When I use it on Bluetooth or HDMI sound is high vs optical cable.Bass is very high in my 12by12 room. I use bass -5  for general programs. It's value for money. I think it best in this price range. It not Dolby sound but bass lovers it is best.READ MORE,5.0
And also the delivery man was really kind hearted person ????READ MORE,5.0
"Very much satisfied with the product ? Thank you for the product Flipkart.. installation person is also good..  Nice quality, bass, soundREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
not a loud sound.READ MORE,3.0
Superb SoundREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product and prompt service by FK ???READ MORE,5.0
Very good product. Installation done on time .READ MORE,5.0
Boat Aavante Bar 2000Overall Ratings 3.8/5Connectivity:Bluetooth: 3/5HDMI : 5/5 Tv requires ARC.Optic : 4.5/5Aux: 4/5Built and Look: 5/5Sound Quality: 4.5/5Value for money.This model does not have battery backup.READ MORE,4.0
Super sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
MiREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product worth money on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbbbbbbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Average sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Well Good quality music sustemREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productSound quality mast haiDesign mast haiValue of monyREAD MORE,5.0
Superb.......READ MORE,5.0
Quality is very bad...no one is taking action regarding complain...dont buy this item...uselesss product...totally money waste productREAD MORE,1.0
Value for money💰READ MORE,5.0
Three thing stole my heart1.Awsome Sound2.Earth Cracking Bass3.Best Package in its Price RangeREAD MORE,5.0
good premium quality best soundbar performance very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best for tv connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Early delivery by flipkart and early installation by the engineer. Used for 3 days and it has good sound quality and good Bluetooth connection.READ MORE,5.0
SUCH A GOOD SOUND BARREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product Bass is too goodWell furnishedREAD MORE,5.0
Installation was successfully completed and DEMO was very nice.  Tarak Rajak is an expert person and well behaved too.He was quite good. The service was very good5star******READ MORE,5.0
Sound volume isn't enough rest everything fine .READ MORE,4.0
Best product with high bass and clear sound...READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice sound quality,Packing good,READ MORE",5.0
Bass bass and lots of bass.A very good product by BOAT and highly recommended for Bass lovers.Git this product for 4500 during BB days.Totally worth it.READ MORE,4.0
It is good product under 9k. Sound quality is perfect. Lil bit bass is less but overall with this range you are satisfied with your product.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Aux port is not working low quality product and receive product is not show on pictureREAD MORE,1.0
AwaesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Honestly it is worth to buy. Don't think it so much. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome dealREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product offer page ok thankyouREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound and bass super product 🤩READ MORE,5.0
Good at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Some Times sub woofer not connected,,,,,,,sub woofer connectivity issueREAD MORE",3.0
Reviewing after 3days of installation. Very good product. Super solid bass. It's good for new songs. Old melodies not ok in this system as trebble not that ok. Over all must buy prod. Thnkx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very sleek and performance is excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Good and beautiful sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
"Boat 1550 is best soundbar which comes with wired Subwoofer.In all aspects it is best but one main cons is that in pack you will get only AUX cable for connection, there is no Optical Cable provided.Overall my experience is good with Boat.READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
"It is just another soundbar with average specs. Connectivity is not good while playing in Bluetooth. Remote very ordinary and remote range is tooo low. Sound quality is good enough. i connect my smart tv via Bluetooth and  try to decrease volume in tv ... ooops it doesn't works,, in order to decrease volume while on bluetooth with TV you must have to use its own remote. Sound bar is not sturdy . I am not discussing about the installation service as its a waste of time for me and for you even ...READ MORE",3.0
"Mast bass and sound very good,❤️READ MORE",4.0
Super bassREAD MORE,4.0
Yes.Sounds good.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome product, sound quality very very good, bass sound great, overall nice, I am happy, no doubt go for it, thank you flip kort, on time delivery good tksREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome product worth money on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbbbbbbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Average sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Well Good quality music sustemREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productSound quality mast haiDesign mast haiValue of monyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is very good if you inquld display,this product become best.READ MORE",5.0
Great soundREAD MORE,5.0
Totally goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound  QUALITY is a good bass blastREAD MORE,2.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Good, for not bestREAD MORE",4.0
sound quality is good but bass 🙄READ MORE,3.0
After many of Selection I decided to buy this SoundbarBelieve me its fabulous sound bar Everyone likes it.No complaint against it...Just I have One word Its Great purchase for me...⛵ Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing but installation is very badREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound love this and bass is too good more than I think.... Thank you  flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"This is the first sound bar I ordered at got it in 6,500 bucks only in big billion days...The sound and bass is thrilling and heart thumping...no need of any other JBL or anything...sound at just 25 is just thrilling and louder...Bass can blow u away..clarity is awesome..and every movie or webseries u watch ,u feel like a Dolby home theatre or pvr like feel u get..kudos to BOAT soundbar 160WREAD MORE",5.0
nice sound moja milla mujheREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is v low compare to other sound bar... Think twice before you buy...READ MORE,3.0
Quality is good bettery notREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product.. i bought this product during big bilion days, in just 4540 rupees.. And sound quality is awesome,  but it is not connected properly to my tv, i dont know what was the reason behind that. I think the most important reason to not connected to my tv is my tv has no HDMI input (i think). The jeeves team technition is connected to this sound bar of my tv through aux cable, and technition going to the next dor for nstallation, the soundbar is disconnect autometically after ther...READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
awesome product but not satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product I'm fully satisfied with productSound are awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is too good but when the device is connecting to jack with TV then sound quality is too poor and what the device is connecting to bluetooth then sound quality is too much good, so I request to recover this problem.Thanks to Flipkart and boAt.READ MORE",4.0
AwaesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Honestly it is worth to buy. Don't think it so much. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome dealREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product offer page ok thankyouREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound and bass super product 🤩READ MORE,5.0
Good at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Some Times sub woofer not connected,,,,,,,sub woofer connectivity issueREAD MORE",3.0
Reviewing after 3days of installation. Very good product. Super solid bass. It's good for new songs. Old melodies not ok in this system as trebble not that ok. Over all must buy prod. Thnkx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very sleek and performance is excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Good and beautiful sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
"Boat 1550 is best soundbar which comes with wired Subwoofer.In all aspects it is best but one main cons is that in pack you will get only AUX cable for connection, there is no Optical Cable provided.Overall my experience is good with Boat.READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,3.0
"It is just another soundbar with average specs. Connectivity is not good while playing in Bluetooth. Remote very ordinary and remote range is tooo low. Sound quality is good enough. i connect my smart tv via Bluetooth and  try to decrease volume in tv ... ooops it doesn't works,, in order to decrease volume while on bluetooth with TV you must have to use its own remote. Sound bar is not sturdy . I am not discussing about the installation service as its a waste of time for me and for you even ...READ MORE",3.0
"Mast bass and sound very good,❤️READ MORE",4.0
Super bassREAD MORE,4.0
Yes.Sounds good.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome product, sound quality very very good, bass sound great, overall nice, I am happy, no doubt go for it, thank you flip kort, on time delivery good tksREAD MORE",5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
It was good productREAD MORE,5.0
Just connectivity problemREAD MORE,3.0
Super value for money good productREAD MORE,5.0
Must Buy Product in my opinion and very clr sound with deep bass and very quick service and specially to flipkart best replacement policy and I brought it for 5k from big billion days sale and itbis best in the segment of 8kREAD MORE,5.0
I have connected with blutooth to MI smart tv. video and soundbar audio is not sinking.audio is little  late than video.not satisfied with this.READ MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Latest top most powerful sound system.. crystal clear sound with amazing basss....Again saying Bass Bass Bass...luved it..Go dor 160watt...READ MORE,5.0
This is the best budget soundbar 👌Bass quality like Premium branded soundbar 🥰READ MORE,4.0
"Received last week and used to full potential, works fine. Value for money go for it👌🏻READ MORE",5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Not good but okREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best speaker ever osm thrill and best sound Value for money and Osm QualityInstallation bad but Sound is next levelREAD MORE,5.0
Best SoundREAD MORE,5.0
Shaandaar Jabardast Jindabas BoAt. Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is the best other any wooferREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good SoundbarREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent design and sound is pretty good but noticed a little heat on top of the sound bar just  a little heat after playing for 3 hrsREAD MORE,5.0
I just fall in love with BOAT ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
The sound is not that loud as I was expecting.READ MORE,3.0
Excellent in low price..fast delivery and installation completed the same day.. good quality and nice sound...thank you very much to FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI port connection problemAudio low but bass highREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product.READ MORE,5.0
"Best Quality Product I got from flipkart its very good in design & Sound Quality is superb, not only that Flipkart make their promise they delivered my product before the delivery date Via Ekart Logistics Kolkata & the installation Process completed within 4 Hours. Thanks to Flipkart & Ekart Logistics Kolkata for their excellent service.READ MORE",5.0
I got it 4999/. Awesome sound quality with super bass. Highly recommend.READ MORE,4.0
Very unique design and sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
It was amazing great performance and flipkart delivery is greatREAD MORE,5.0
An Wonderful Product and liked PackingREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds quality is decent for this price range. Got it for rs. 5400. Vocals are crisp and mid are good too. Options given on remote to increase/decrease bass and treble. Good for bass lovers though audiophiles won't like the bass so much. I'm trying to reduce the bass by placing rubber pads under the woofer.Bluetooth connectivity is fast. I'm using on aux as my TV doesn't have optical. Sometimes I get a humming sound but that is normal for many speakers connected thru aux.Good for a medi...READ MORE,5.0
Highly recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
Simply superb..READ MORE,5.0
Bose avante sound bar awesome sound quality. Big billion day 2020 purchase it rs 4874 only. It is great soundbar.value for money. I am happy Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"Lovely sound quality at this price , but I am facing lot of problems while connecting to my vu 55 4k led tvThrough HDMI cable. As there is just Aux port cable in box, rest of those we have to buy separatelyREAD MORE",4.0
WorthREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good but installation executive not yet came for installationREAD MORE,3.0
Not badREAD MORE,2.0
Nice sound quality got just in 4400READ MORE,5.0
One said air drop sound very low after using 25 daysREAD MORE,1.0
Sounds good.. bass goodREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
The sound is way too good for the price. superb bass.READ MORE,5.0
"This product not working properly, very bad for flipkart support alsoREAD MORE",1.0
Osm sound bar  in low costREAD MORE,5.0
"No' 1 worest service product,just 3 months used, mother board problem , I registered a complaint, technician visit thrice with damaged boards till now problem not rectified, waste service,READ MORE",2.0
Immersive sound effect...love itREAD MORE,5.0
Super se UperBest Best BestREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality....READ MORE,4.0
Not worth money. Try higher variantsREAD MORE,3.0
Dont think about the another sound bar 2.1 ..boat aavante 1550 120w is really awesome...READ MORE,5.0
Boat Avante 1550 120w reviewVery good sound quality for the price...connected with TV through aux and it gives good sound quality compared to TV speakers... bluetooth and usb playback working well with no issues... certainly bass heavy and not compromising too much on clarity...jeeves technician came next day and quick installation done hassle-free....remote is small and nice design...looks good quality... soundbar design and build is very good...got for 4869 on bbd sale and its total value...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
awsome i have no words to say 😍READ MORE,5.0
Best soundbaarREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent...READ MORE,5.0
Best product ever you must buy this product in home theater categoryREAD MORE,5.0
"I am giving 4 star because sound quality in not best but good according to price If you are looking high soud,you should move toward sony Bass is best Desine best It is good productREAD MORE",4.0
Jeevas service osm Great ? Sonu Kumar Great Man faster workREAD MORE,4.0
Boom boom saundREAD MORE,5.0
Product is awesome 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Better than JBL must buy 🤘🔥🤘READ MORE,5.0
Product overall is very good... but blutooth connectivity problems...please improve it bluetooth connectivity problem....Other than product is perfect....READ MORE,4.0
Best soundbar in this price range & installation was to good same day installation thanks Flipkart 👌🙏READ MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity problemREAD MORE,4.0
Bass Bass Bass...Very Good Quality sound...READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
full satisfied item go for it no doubtREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Product Don't think Anything Suggests To Must BuyREAD MORE,4.0
"Best Quality Product I got from flipkart its very good in design & Sound Quality is superb, not only that Flipkart make their promise they delivered my product before the delivery date Via Ekart Logistics Kolkata & the installation Process completed within 4 Hours. Thanks to Flipkart & Ekart Logistics Kolkata for their excellent service.READ MORE",5.0
I got it 4999/. Awesome sound quality with super bass. Highly recommend.READ MORE,4.0
Very unique design and sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
It was amazing great performance and flipkart delivery is greatREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product from 'boAt' company, Thanks to 'Flipkart Big Billion Days'READ MORE",4.0
"Nice sound bar, bass quality is awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Bluetooth connectivity is worstREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent vy nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bassREAD MORE,5.0
I liked it very much and if you are bass lover then don’t think just go ahead and place your order you will not disappoint on your decision. 😊READ MORE,5.0
Wow amazing bassREAD MORE,5.0
Just okay The product does not have much options  for connectionREAD MORE,2.0
Good sound sleek designREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
One said air drop sound very low after using 25 daysREAD MORE,1.0
Sounds good.. bass goodREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
The sound is way too good for the price. superb bass.READ MORE,5.0
"This product not working properly, very bad for flipkart support alsoREAD MORE",1.0
Osm sound bar  in low costREAD MORE,5.0
"No' 1 worest service product,just 3 months used, mother board problem , I registered a complaint, technician visit thrice with damaged boards till now problem not rectified, waste service,READ MORE",2.0
Immersive sound effect...love itREAD MORE,5.0
Super se UperBest Best BestREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality....READ MORE,4.0
Not worth money. Try higher variantsREAD MORE,3.0
Dont think about the another sound bar 2.1 ..boat aavante 1550 120w is really awesome...READ MORE,5.0
Boat Avante 1550 120w reviewVery good sound quality for the price...connected with TV through aux and it gives good sound quality compared to TV speakers... bluetooth and usb playback working well with no issues... certainly bass heavy and not compromising too much on clarity...jeeves technician came next day and quick installation done hassle-free....remote is small and nice design...looks good quality... soundbar design and build is very good...got for 4869 on bbd sale and its total value...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
awsome i have no words to say 😍READ MORE,5.0
Best soundbaarREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent...READ MORE,5.0
Best product ever you must buy this product in home theater categoryREAD MORE,5.0
"I am giving 4 star because sound quality in not best but good according to price If you are looking high soud,you should move toward sony Bass is best Desine best It is good productREAD MORE",4.0
"I got it only at Rs 3250,It has crystal clear sound with thumping bassREAD MORE",5.0
"I see a lag in the audio. Not always, but most of the time. I've connected it to my LG 32inch Smart TV via Bluetooth.Not a pleasant experience to watch with the lag.READ MORE",3.0
Nice sound bar sound quality Bass is goodREAD MORE,5.0
100% Amazing product.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbar with super duper Bass and crystal clear sound quality.THANK YOU FLIPKART!READ MORE,4.0
Amazing productDon't go for other sound barGo for boat avante 1550 120 wREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
one of the best soundbar in this price got it at rs 3250 sound is very clear no distortion in full volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Very opted... it is worthy... Better than expectations..Thank you Boat..Doubt - What is the battery backup means? Con's - BT range ia very shortREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound  experienceREAD MORE,5.0
The base is very good and overall the speaker is worth the money they charge.READ MORE,4.0
Bass sound is Good excellent productsREAD MORE,5.0
"wow what a sound, unbelievable..... its very very good for music lovers, excellent of this tone, bass, sound & music.... thanks flipkart...READ MORE",5.0
Nice produced. Thanks flipkart 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product. Value for Money.READ MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .I'm very happy with this productREAD MORE,5.0
Frustrating experienceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product Crystal clear soundREAD MORE,5.0
It's good but I would suggest go for 120 w or more for better option of connectivityREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent product ,READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Superub Sound quality and bass is excellent and very strong build quality.but delivery is not fastThankyou filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality and superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good.  Sound have delay while conecting to  tv via bluetooth. Feels sound is not 120W.READ MORE,3.0
Just okayREAD MORE,3.0
For low budget product.. Not best as sony brandREAD MORE,4.0
HDMI ARC cable not supplied..very dissapointing..no wow..READ MORE,3.0
Good for the proce range. Heard reviews that it has a great base but i dont feel so for a 16x10 room. I wish the sound the output to be more and base tooREAD MORE,4.0
Very good speaker for the price... No real complaints except the bluetooth range.. but that's not bad either.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Power full product...Pros :Audio quality is great. Very close to Dolby effect.Bass is very niceLooks beautifulCons :No digital display in the woofer box. Should have been given at this price range. Otherwise it is a 5* product.Go for it with out a doubt.READ MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product under this price segmentREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
Perfect go for it 😊😊😊😊READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
I am very happy with the Boat aacante bar 1550 120W. Initially I was confused about the sound quality and other specifications. Thank you flipkart for timely delivery and installation.READ MORE,5.0
"I got it only at Rs 3250,It has crystal clear sound with thumping bassREAD MORE",5.0
"I see a lag in the audio. Not always, but most of the time. I've connected it to my LG 32inch Smart TV via Bluetooth.Not a pleasant experience to watch with the lag.READ MORE",3.0
Nice sound bar sound quality Bass is goodREAD MORE,5.0
100% Amazing product.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome soundbar with super duper Bass and crystal clear sound quality.THANK YOU FLIPKART!READ MORE,4.0
Amazing productDon't go for other sound barGo for boat avante 1550 120 wREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
one of the best soundbar in this price got it at rs 3250 sound is very clear no distortion in full volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Very opted... it is worthy... Better than expectations..Thank you Boat..Doubt - What is the battery backup means? Con's - BT range ia very shortREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound  experienceREAD MORE,5.0
The base is very good and overall the speaker is worth the money they charge.READ MORE,4.0
Bass sound is Good excellent productsREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is tooo poorBetter' to go 120w and aboveREAD MORE,1.0
"Such a nice product delivered by flipcart,  👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Overall Good ExperienceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Thanks Flipkart and jeeves service partner for completed of my boat aavante bar installation.Design, sound quality and Bass is very best...READ MORE",5.0
powerful base excellent sound quality loves boatREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
FABULOUS SOUND WITH DESIGNREAD MORE,5.0
"As usual, connectivity issue. Poor Bass quality.READ MORE",3.0
"Excellent product ,READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Superub Sound quality and bass is excellent and very strong build quality.but delivery is not fastThankyou filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality and superb bassREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good.  Sound have delay while conecting to  tv via bluetooth. Feels sound is not 120W.READ MORE,3.0
Just okayREAD MORE,3.0
For low budget product.. Not best as sony brandREAD MORE,4.0
HDMI ARC cable not supplied..very dissapointing..no wow..READ MORE,3.0
Good for the proce range. Heard reviews that it has a great base but i dont feel so for a 16x10 room. I wish the sound the output to be more and base tooREAD MORE,4.0
Very good speaker for the price... No real complaints except the bluetooth range.. but that's not bad either.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Power full product...Pros :Audio quality is great. Very close to Dolby effect.Bass is very niceLooks beautifulCons :No digital display in the woofer box. Should have been given at this price range. Otherwise it is a 5* product.Go for it with out a doubt.READ MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is really superb..... I got what I expected 😍READ MORE,5.0
Best for the price but bass is ok. I got it for 4949READ MORE,5.0
Nice product but co has to provide HDMI cable with itREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderfull oneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice but hdmi arc not workingREAD MORE,5.0
Good coletiREAD MORE,5.0
The exllent product in sound Boat beat the sony soon ❤️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"1550(120w)Bass is so over powering ,even at the -5 , cant hear dialogues. It makes headache.For music if u go above 60% volume only bass is what u can hear . No mids , no vocals. I have a jbl system too it is soo balanced. Avante 1550 is powerful and cheap Chinese product with no quality ...thats allREAD MORE",2.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
I have been using it for last 2 weeks and I bought 1550 model for 5k. Sound quality is average but bass is excent . I used to face problem with remote it isn't working properly. If u r bass lover and wants a sound system for single room go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome product and meet all requirements 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
EExcellent product comes with full satisfaction....amazing go aheadREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's very worst 👎 product with in a week blutooth is not doing work and bass speaker could not connect to  Main speaker...READ MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound , I think best in market this range of products.READ MORE",5.0
Sound is tooo poorBetter' to go 120w and aboveREAD MORE,1.0
"Such a nice product delivered by flipcart,  👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Overall Good ExperienceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice in the small budgetREAD MORE,3.0
Impressive nice 👌 happy with product.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice and beautiful design and good quality but HDMI cable not givenREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome...READ MORE,5.0
Nice SoundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Fantabulous quality awesome products . mr.pawarREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product got it for Rs7500READ MORE,4.0
"Tried boat first time and I am deeply impressed with:Quality of sound specially BassConnectivity options, Build quality, and packaging/delivery by Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Thanks to flipkart I perches big billion days flash sale 3149 fully satisfied very good adio quality bass is very highREAD MORE,5.0
Nice qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Average productREAD MORE,3.0
Bass is very good but treble is not good I heard distroted sound when I increase trebleREAD MORE,4.0
Super products and amazing bassREAD MORE,4.0
Habi SoundREAD MORE,5.0
Great Product sound quality excellent..READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Osm sound. Baas is verrryyy good. I love boat❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
"Very much satisfied with the product, fast delivery awesome sounds quality.🤘🤘 Much Much value of money. 🤘🤘READ MORE",5.0
⛵ boat is awesome sound bar   Super bassSuper trebleOverall ratings 10..out..f?....💥👈.9Speed delivery  Speed install thanks       Flipkart bass lover's go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good👍. Nice product at this range.READ MORE,5.0
good sound and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in this price range..good bass qualityREAD MORE,3.0
"Very good product, butREAD MORE",4.0
Nice product but demo installation came lateREAD MORE,5.0
Osm qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
It's just amazing.... Fast delivery... I am satisfied... Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice effect... Don't compare any other brand... Go for it..Bass is very high... I don't like.. Bass lovers can love it...Soundbar is little bit length..READ MORE,5.0
"1550(120w)Bass is so over powering ,even at the -5 , cant hear dialogues. It makes headache.For music if u go above 60% volume only bass is what u can hear . No mids , no vocals. I have a jbl system too it is soo balanced. Avante 1550 is powerful and cheap Chinese product with no quality ...thats allREAD MORE",2.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
I have been using it for last 2 weeks and I bought 1550 model for 5k. Sound quality is average but bass is excent . I used to face problem with remote it isn't working properly. If u r bass lover and wants a sound system for single room go for it.READ MORE,4.0
It's a nice design and premium look sound quality is good only by bluetooth... Low sound by aux cable. Boat provides a horrible aux cable delicate and loosens when connected. Overall good pick not greatful.READ MORE,4.0
This is my first boat product since I have always used Sony but I must say this product is Worth every penny at this price it’s a wonderful product. Thank you team jeevs for offering Timely installation appreciate the hygiene and sanitation they maintain before installation. Team Flipkart thank you for timely delivery.  Kudos for offering such products at a nominal price.READ MORE,5.0
Best sound quality 😍😍😘😘READ MORE,4.0
Nice soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome bassREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound bar price too high without offerREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is wonderful, and installation service provided by Jeeves technician Mr.Juned was very good. His professional attitude and prompt installation enhanced the flipkart experience..Loved the product.... :)READ MORE",5.0
Very good and sound hardREAD MORE,5.0
Its 2nd day to use this sound bar.. really mind blowing bass.. i found that what i want. Its really very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice in the small budgetREAD MORE,3.0
Impressive nice 👌 happy with product.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice and beautiful design and good quality but HDMI cable not givenREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome...READ MORE,5.0
Nice SoundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Fantabulous quality awesome products . mr.pawarREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product got it for Rs7500READ MORE,4.0
"Tried boat first time and I am deeply impressed with:Quality of sound specially BassConnectivity options, Build quality, and packaging/delivery by Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Demo and installation good almost every boat products are good.... Thank you Flipkart and thank you boat products.....READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is very good, also base is 👌READ MORE",4.0
Awesome sounds Very good bassREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Terrific purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
"Connectivity issue, bluetooth range was not as expectedREAD MORE",3.0
Nyc person installationREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product at this price range. The Sound bar produces vibrant music even in full bass. Love to listen every song in it.READ MORE,5.0
It has a decent sound and bass quality but there is lag in voice when connected through Bluetooth and HDMI arc port does not work with MI TV'sREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"very low soundoptical,Axu, POINT CONNECT.NO PAIR MY TV - BT ,HDMI arcREAD MORE",1.0
Sound quality good Base as expected but base box is bigger than expectedREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product value for money.READ MORE,5.0
"Very good product, butREAD MORE",4.0
Nice product but demo installation came lateREAD MORE,5.0
Osm qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good product in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
It's just amazing.... Fast delivery... I am satisfied... Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice effect... Don't compare any other brand... Go for it..Bass is very high... I don't like.. Bass lovers can love it...Soundbar is little bit length..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent super super super tq FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Its just like ey a 10w sound barREAD MORE,2.0
Very good boat aavante 1550 music 🎶 haiREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Super bass sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good one if you need balanced voice and bass you can choose this. Based on  the price range it’s the best choice for me and for most of mid range families.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound Quality is good,Bass bass very nice.READ MORE",4.0
I love music and I found best quality of sound in this range haapy thanks filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Best buy with less priceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent Product.Worth Buying..Thank You Flipkart..Thank You Boat..Love this.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing sound quality.love it. Jst go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Really loved this Soundbar. Quality is superb.READ MORE,5.0
Good product but not install by the installer from flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound quality for this price range. Bass 4/5. Can't give 5 star even to Sony.READ MORE,4.0
Good sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Go for it...READ MORE,5.0
Beautiful product...I'm so happy.....🤩🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent home theatre. Everyone buy this home theatre.READ MORE,5.0
First really upseted by installation men he don't even know how to install it and don't know how to start it he tell first time he is installing the speaker overall sound clearity is good and bass is a awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied with deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
The speaker is good but the thing is in this price I expected more bass and more sound overall it’s good.READ MORE,3.0
Best design and finishing best crystal clear sound nice bass very good quality sound 3D sound is best Paisa Vasool  👌very very thanks Flipkart  👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome 😊READ MORE,5.0
Overall Sound quality is good but Too much base it can't reduce even low base setting.READ MORE,4.0
Awsome productREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound. I am happy .READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is awsemoe...but one demerit is lack of led panel. So sound control is difficult to know. And the installation process is roo much delay. The jeeves service is wrost experience.READ MORE,4.0
It is ok boat Avante bar 120 w It is good for looking likeBut one problem base is good andSound quality is lowREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Really super bass.........READ MORE,4.0
Superb awesome product 👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Superb awesomeFeeling next- level sound experience really enjoyingAwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Owesome quality sound very good bassREAD MORE,5.0
NICE PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
Nice & jorrrrdarREAD MORE,5.0
After several Reminder  During  10 days no body  came to install it.READ MORE,1.0
Nice bass but sounds quality is badREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super bass 👌READ MORE,4.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Waaav very nice ProductI love it ❤️💙❤️💙READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality and amezing experienceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
That's is very good product...sound quality is awesome ...👍👍👍🤗🤗READ MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
Thank youREAD MORE,5.0
if u want to purchase it u can best model  and full off rockpopbass  best soundbar  100%u should purchase it if u want to contact me for review @mr__tejas__99READ MORE,5.0
"Bass and sound quality is good , look wise very attractive and awesome product.READ MORE",5.0
👍nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality and bass is also perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sounds BarREAD MORE,4.0
Sound Awesome and One Of the Top Sound Product Of Boat....👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Best speaker....i loved it...must buy...and installation service is free... Jo service vala aya tha who unhone bahot hi achha kam kiya hai very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Works well. No issues. 👍READ MORE,4.0
Is very bad that we put night volume for some days they destreo the soundREAD MORE,2.0
Excellent product😄😄READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
What a Sounbar Yaar...Just I love it...Thanks Boat Thanks Flipkart ...READ MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Is Excellent and Voice Quality Very Good. Best Buy For 4000.READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound.nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality and connectivity  but  the person who installed sound bar  has done a small mistakeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product great effect no second thoughtREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything is good at this price range. Only drawback i found is bluetooth range is very less. We have to keep our phone in the same room after connected. But i found the solution with my google home mini. I have set the default music speaker as soundbar in the homeapp, So i can cast the music from any music app to home mini and the music will play in the soundbar. I only need to keep the home mini in the same room not the phone.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
"This is the amazing one ,sound quality is awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Suparb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Really super bass.........READ MORE,4.0
Superb awesome product 👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Superb awesomeFeeling next- level sound experience really enjoyingAwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Owesome quality sound very good bassREAD MORE,5.0
NICE PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
good pdREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound and bass also nice... excellent delivery from Flipkart buying at prize 3250...READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. Delivery and installation were excellent and accurateREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
I loved the product and the bass and vocal was awesome basically I'm a bass lover and enjoying the songs dailyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceBut intallantion not upto the markREAD MORE,3.0
It is just Awesome 💥READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing product from Boat....READ MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Over all good & value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
Nice basss 😘😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
👍nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality and bass is also perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sounds BarREAD MORE,4.0
Sound Awesome and One Of the Top Sound Product Of Boat....👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Best speaker....i loved it...must buy...and installation service is free... Jo service vala aya tha who unhone bahot hi achha kam kiya hai very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Works well. No issues. 👍READ MORE,4.0
Is very bad that we put night volume for some days they destreo the soundREAD MORE,2.0
Excellent product😄😄READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
What a Sounbar Yaar...Just I love it...Thanks Boat Thanks Flipkart ...READ MORE,5.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Bass Is Excellent and Voice Quality Very Good. Best Buy For 4000.READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound.nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality and connectivity  but  the person who installed sound bar  has done a small mistakeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome product great effect no second thoughtREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything is good at this price range. Only drawback i found is bluetooth range is very less. We have to keep our phone in the same room after connected. But i found the solution with my google home mini. I have set the default music speaker as soundbar in the homeapp, So i can cast the music from any music app to home mini and the music will play in the soundbar. I only need to keep the home mini in the same room not the phone.READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
"This is the amazing one ,sound quality is awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Suparb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Osm base......READ MORE,5.0
Great bass and clear 120w output. Connects with my old led tv as well. Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Simply nice and courier partner also superbREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product in this price segment Kudos to boat and thank you flipkart for your awesome shopping platform your platform is full of choices with great featuresREAD MORE,5.0
Good in price range Awsome package by Boat After using it for more than a year I can truly say that you can go for it best in marketREAD MORE,4.0
Sub woofer is not working in just 5monthsREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent Sound Quality 🤑😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
No comments just woow......mind blowing productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product bassbasssREAD MORE,5.0
Suberb sound qualityCost is effective I'm hapyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
I loved the product and the bass and vocal was awesome basically I'm a bass lover and enjoying the songs dailyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceBut intallantion not upto the markREAD MORE,3.0
It is just Awesome 💥READ MORE,5.0
"Dont Buy..worst support..Please take screen shot of your ordered page and product page.Bcoz they will say like not mentioned.No installation - but mentioned installation and demo in product page.If we ask,seller removed it.worst response..am not expecting this worst response from flipkart  ..READ MORE",1.0
"Due to Pre setted Equaliser voice orginality lost, ,Bass not up to expectations,READ MORE",2.0
Good Product 👍Bass is heavy ❤️READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent product, bass is gudREAD MORE",5.0
Super Product..Bass is Excellent...READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality is awesome...bass is good..READ MORE,5.0
I am happy this boat sound barREAD MORE,5.0
im happy  thanks for filpkart.READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound system at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Its sound amazing...... one good thing is treble&bass adjusting.... its good one....READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
SupprREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome quality and service love the productREAD MORE,5.0
good soundsREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product  super extra bassREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,4.0
Great service...Great and humble behavior of delivery person...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome quality.....READ MORE,5.0
I love ittREAD MORE,5.0
Not as per the ExceptionREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass effect worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome! sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sounds qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Best home theater ever   Best home theater under 5000rsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome peoduct...I loved itREAD MORE,5.0
This is the best soundbar in budget . I buy it from Flipkart in big billion day sell  in 3249 in flash sell . I recommend you to buy it if your budget is upto 4500 rs . Thanku flipkart for this productREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound nd clean home deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality with bass...and premium designREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productBass superbREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome... Quality  ...best in 10000 rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound quality and so much powerful bass, thanks Flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
bass is so good.... surely go for this product...! Bass is really good...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent quality with best theatre experience...READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
AMAZING PRODUCT JUST GO FOR IT WITHOUT AN SECOND DOUBTSREAD MORE,5.0
Super good👍👌READ MORE,4.0
Everything is ok... But connection issue through ARC cable was there.READ MORE,3.0
Super quality sound and bass everything is superREAD MORE,5.0
Boat soundbaar is gret system. This is wondarfull Bass. I like it. Full enjoy.READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality its ossum qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Remot not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent product with good sound quality and deep bass..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality Good design and Bass is like  a home theatre.READ MORE,5.0
Super Product..Bass is Excellent...READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality is awesome...bass is good..READ MORE,5.0
I am happy this boat sound barREAD MORE,5.0
im happy  thanks for filpkart.READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound system at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this product in 5499/- during sale, so 120 Watts output in this value is more than worth. - 5 star. Base is good when volume is slow but when you go for full volume then base doesn't increase. - 4 star. Sound quality is awesome if you are listening bollywood/hollywood numbers, EDM, rock but if you are listening jazz or any indian classical music then it is not that good. - 4 star.READ MORE",5.0
Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
EXCELLENT SOUND AND FINE CLEARITY OF SOUNDREAD MORE,5.0
Good worthy for priceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice music system with good sound quality .and price is also good.READ MORE,4.0
Calling time not connecting with bluetooth in device soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money and satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product.best value for money.I am impressed with the product 💯💯💯💯READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Not as per the ExceptionREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass effect worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Absolutely fantastic sound. better option for old 5.1home theatre.Super sound quality.. amazing product.READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Super ❣️ soundREAD MORE,5.0
AwsoMe ProdutREAD MORE,5.0
Bass very good and best quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. Fully satisfied...  Delivery not satisfied..READ MORE,5.0
"Avante 2000 - Using sincr a week now, awesome product. brought in BBD for 6299/-. Highly recommend.READ MORE",5.0
Thanks Flipkart 💖💖💖💖💖READ MORE,5.0
Need bass improvementREAD MORE,3.0
"The Sound quality is fine .Bass is below average.Design and build is fine , but one segment of the 7 segment display on my soundbar was defective and as i noticed it just 18hrs after my replacement policy expired , I cant replace it. Thus reliability is an issue Hence, i would suggest to buy a soundbar of reliable brand such as Samsung Lg JBL etc.READ MORE",3.0
I'm happy it worths moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Boat avante 1200 sound bar is amazing sound bar .And bass is very good 👌🏼.This product is low budget price in nice sound quality✌👍.READ MORE,4.0
Super product at affordable prics...120w is quite enough for households ...nice quality best to buy under 10k rupeesREAD MORE,4.0
It's neighbours envy. U can close your eyes and go for it. At such cheap rate it's impossible to buy in the Market. I bought it for Rs6899.Thank u Flipcart. U have fulfilled part of my dream.READ MORE,5.0
It's really a mind blowing and heart blasting purchase. Totally satisfied with this product. Go for this without any second opinionThank you Boat and Flipkart for satisfying my need.READ MORE,5.0
"I am writing this after using the product for about 1 week. People who have a good knowledge of sound,  would not really like the product because its bass is to tuned well with the bar. When you play movies, music etc the saturation of beats is very feeble. You only hear bass bass and bass. Its bass is good, no doubt about it, but it also interrupts the clarity of sound. I would recommend if Boat tunes the sound well with its bass instead of giving only bass.READ MORE",4.0
Bought just now. Will share detailed reviews laterREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is not up to mark, sound feels like ordinary speaker'sREAD MORE",2.0
Sound quality is amazing thank you boat and  thank you Flipkart😍😍😍😘😘✌✌🤘👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice sound quality its ossum qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Remot not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent product with good sound quality and deep bass..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality Good design and Bass is like  a home theatre.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing product. Sound quality is goosbumpsREAD MORE,5.0
Supb experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Super sounds quality and bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is really cool, Design is amazing, quality of sound I wouldn’t say this is best but definitely a good when compared to others in this price range. My living room is close to 22ft/15ft. This is serving the purpose.READ MORE",5.0
Good quality and good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in nice price..READ MORE,4.0
Its awesome product 😍READ MORE,1.0
The product is Bass King. Im using 120 w soundbar. Vocals are rich and clear. Best performance when connected with HDMI arc. Aux and bluetooth also excellent performance. I loved the product and personally im a boAt product lover. Would be happy if you launch a customer service at Kerala. #boAtREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Voice clarity is less, overpowering bass. The lowest bass setting also provides high base. Though at 3000 rs Boat Avante 1200 80watt is quite good.READ MORE",3.0
Awasome product. Sound quality is good. I'm happy with it.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product in this price segment...READ MORE,5.0
Best for the price...READ MORE,5.0
"Bass is much more, i personally think it should be little less.READ MORE",4.0
Where battery is used here?This is wrong question you are asking. But in this only the missing part is they are not providing cables to connect to TV . Optical and HDMI are we have to purchase separately.  Then only you will get the clarity of the sound while watching TV. If you are using only for music systems then bluetooth is enough.  Other than that everything is fine.READ MORE,5.0
"Fantastic,  satisfied with this boatREAD MORE",5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Suparb, best 💯💯💯💯READ MORE",5.0
Bluetooth is not working on first day itself and Im unable to put the return request from Flipkart mobile app and website..Such a horrible experience with the Flipkart...READ MORE,1.0
Sound clearly is not up to mark good bass with high volume bass lover you can go for itREAD MORE,4.0
Good bass soundREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice Quality & Excellent Sound and bass . Design very fantastic...💯✌️👍READ MORE,5.0
Bass very good and best quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. Fully satisfied...  Delivery not satisfied..READ MORE,5.0
"Avante 2000 - Using sincr a week now, awesome product. brought in BBD for 6299/-. Highly recommend.READ MORE",5.0
Thanks Flipkart 💖💖💖💖💖READ MORE,5.0
Need bass improvementREAD MORE,3.0
"The Sound quality is fine .Bass is below average.Design and build is fine , but one segment of the 7 segment display on my soundbar was defective and as i noticed it just 18hrs after my replacement policy expired , I cant replace it. Thus reliability is an issue Hence, i would suggest to buy a soundbar of reliable brand such as Samsung Lg JBL etc.READ MORE",3.0
I'm happy it worths moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Boat avante 1200 sound bar is amazing sound bar .And bass is very good 👌🏼.This product is low budget price in nice sound quality✌👍.READ MORE,4.0
Super product at affordable prics...120w is quite enough for households ...nice quality best to buy under 10k rupeesREAD MORE,4.0
It's neighbours envy. U can close your eyes and go for it. At such cheap rate it's impossible to buy in the Market. I bought it for Rs6899.Thank u Flipcart. U have fulfilled part of my dream.READ MORE,5.0
super awesomeREAD MORE,3.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
AswomeREAD MORE,5.0
Gud buyREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Product amazing Sound 🔊 quality. superb  BASS quality. 5 🌟READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
As expected.READ MORE,3.0
Sound Quality good. Subwoofer is work excellent than soundbar. Equalizer setup option not present in soundbar only news music and movies modes available.READ MORE,4.0
Awsm soundbarREAD MORE,5.0
I like the bass but sound is not that much clear and also you won't be able to manage your sound bar if you lose your remote controllerREAD MORE,4.0
Good coletiREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery very fast thanx flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Please provide the optical cable also with box, then only get clarity sound, now I am using the aux cable.READ MORE",5.0
Valuable  for money fantastic sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound quality in this range. Demo and installation also free and nice. Amazing bass and sound.. blindly go with this soundbar. No need of 5.1 channel wired home theatre 😀READ MORE,5.0
I very happy to see the sound bar and woofer performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice superREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Tweeter and speaker performance is very low. Low hedz  sounds are very low. Subwoofer performance goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Packing quality is too worst, I think I got a used one completely disappointed, Product seal was opend . Worst installation and demo staff, no knowledge .. HDMI Are it's not working , bass is not good , not satisfied.READ MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Just awesome in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"best in price,excellent sound qualitytruly wireless.READ MORE",5.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Superbbbbbb.READ MORE,5.0
When the device is connected with bluetooth sound is good. AUX is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth is not working on first day itself and Im unable to put the return request from Flipkart mobile app and website..Such a horrible experience with the Flipkart...READ MORE,1.0
Sound clearly is not up to mark good bass with high volume bass lover you can go for itREAD MORE,4.0
Good bass soundREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice Quality & Excellent Sound and bass . Design very fantastic...💯✌️👍READ MORE,5.0
Nice productSound quality amazing and installation Done by boat representative.READ MORE,5.0
Asam saund qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
spsl thnx  flipkart to packaging. boAt you manufacturer super se bhi upar quality products 👑❤👑READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality nd superb bassI am fully satisfied with this sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Very sleek designREAD MORE,5.0
"Review after almost one weekDesign is goodSoundbar is approximate of one metre in lengthWireless subwoofer connects instantlyIt's quite loud and boomy but lacks proper clearity.I am using it with 50inch led tv via hdmi cable,sound is synced with tv and it can be controlled by tv remote.Best buy at a price of Rs.6370READ MORE",5.0
nice sound and looking slim best product.READ MORE,5.0
Product is superb But installation after 4 daysVery bad installation service provide jeevesREAD MORE,5.0
super awesomeREAD MORE,3.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
AswomeREAD MORE,5.0
Gud buyREAD MORE,5.0
speechlessREAD MORE,5.0
I am a musician. I feel 120 w Rms is bomb for a medium size room. Go with this soundbar without any doubtREAD MORE,4.0
"Worlds best product is boAt, very Nice sound and bass is very very very powerfulREAD MORE",5.0
Superb value  for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Mind blowing... Worth for this price...bass.. clarity.,.effects.. awesome....there is no other stuff to compare with in this range... flipcart is really fast ...on time..thanksREAD MORE",5.0
Its nyc gud soundREAD MORE,5.0
I really like the product quality and sound quality of the product. Love it..READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product very dood bild quality very good sound quality superb but installation people not good lack of knowledge.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good speaker I like it. It have a fabulous sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
After using one year. under 6k this is the Best sound Bar.READ MORE,4.0
Gud oneREAD MORE,5.0
PRODUCT IS GOOD BUT THE INTALLATION WAS TOO BAD.. THE ONE WHO CAME TO INSTALL THE PRODUCT DINT HAD ANY KNOWLEDGE OR EXPERIENCE  REGARDING THE PRODUCT AND INSTALLATION PROCESSREAD MORE,4.0
Good and very excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product and enjoyable oneREAD MORE,4.0
Superb sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Tweeter and speaker performance is very low. Low hedz  sounds are very low. Subwoofer performance goodREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Packing quality is too worst, I think I got a used one completely disappointed, Product seal was opend . Worst installation and demo staff, no knowledge .. HDMI Are it's not working , bass is not good , not satisfied.READ MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Just awesome in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"best in price,excellent sound qualitytruly wireless.READ MORE",5.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Superbbbbbb.READ MORE,5.0
When the device is connected with bluetooth sound is good. AUX is not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Wow 😲READ MORE,4.0
Excellent the sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product and sound is daddy......koi kuch bhi bole sound bar solid hai yaroREAD MORE,5.0
It's amazing at this price!READ MORE,5.0
Super mindblowingREAD MORE,5.0
Product is excellent but we had waited for 4 days to get the installation done from Jeeves which is not expected from the company like flipkart. Flipkart and their installation partner are not prepared for the sale rush and thus was not provided the services as promised. The behavior and reply received from Jeeves was very pathetic as they are not in position to inform the exact demo and installation date & time. Finally product is excellent but services provided by their channel partner Jeev...READ MORE,5.0
Most awaited for this baby awesome for this price range i got for 4500 and sounds like beastREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality and.. BassREAD MORE,5.0
This is my second buy within 6 months .. this proves itself my review..READ MORE,5.0
Superb Soundbar..Powerful Bass in this price range..Very nice Build quality..Worth to buy it..READ MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
bass is extremely high .and sound quality is very very surprisedREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Aavante 120 watt home theaterGood productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and everything is superb but in this product there is no issue about battery One thing is disappointed me that Installation.The technician don't know anything about installtion measurements....And installation is too lateREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyAverage soundsGood productREAD MORE,5.0
Best if you want to bass..iI bought it only 3050rs..but that's doing more than 5000rs quality first class bass first classREAD MORE,5.0
"Thanks filpkart for on time delivery,and one day before installing.READ MORE",5.0
Not good productREAD MORE,2.0
Superb sound and bass was very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar in this budget segment in 5500 bass super faadu ground shaking nyc vocals nd audio clarity jeevs technicians nature is good thanks boat to create this awsm bar nd sub wooferREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass and treble...clear sound quality...try to get this product in sale you may get good discounts..READ MORE,5.0
This  is  the  beastREAD MORE,5.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall sound quality is very good. One problem I have noticed is that the sound volume on connecting with TV via aux or Bluetooth is very less, though it is enough for living room or hall.Also HDMI ARC port is not working.READ MORE",3.0
"Good Product. Bass & Connectivity are good. installation and all went well. The only issue is even at reducing the volume to minimum, It sounds loud which does not go well with night time hearing.Hope this is  taken care of in update if it is feasible.No buttons on  remote to toggle between folder while on USB playback. only next/previous, vol up/down , bass & treble up/downREAD MORE",3.0
Great experience with thisREAD MORE,5.0
I got this at 4950 120 watt..  Considering the price point product is ok but you love soft classical music then this product not for you...READ MORE,3.0
Simply  amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Quality and  sound output exalentREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is good but no effect , waste of takingREAD MORE",3.0
Superb sound and bassREAD MORE,4.0
"I am very new to this so called ""BRAND"", Going by the reviews and flipkart sale offers i got carried away and booked this without much research.And so excited to receive this and play. Git this on time and installation also done. Here starts the story, connected with bluetooth and played best audio quality songs and to my surprise, i have never listened those songs with those utter nonsense noises and bass boosting.Couldn't able to listen lyrics properly. That background noise ( Zzzzzzz soun...READ MORE",1.0
Super 💗READ MORE,5.0
Good but 3D not working I mean not that much impact.READ MORE,4.0
Superb Product By Boat...👌Thanks Flipkart For BIG Billion Days👍READ MORE,5.0
Nice product good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
I think some extra bass will be wantedREAD MORE,5.0
Got It for 4330 for big billion day ..for that price i would rate it 5 ..but for the normal selling price ie 8k this 120 watts sound bar feels below average.Better go for some 5.1 soundbar with dolby digital @ 12 to 14k.When connected to hdmi arc the sound is not as much impressive as using both tv speakers + this sound bar via aux cable.The output through hdmi arc is better ..but the boat speaker feels below average for my requirement which can be masked via using tv speakers + soundbar at ...READ MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
It is very good quality soundREAD MORE,4.0
Best sound bar ever 😍😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Product is best.Sound quality is best.When sound set on high  mode it seems likes sitting in theater.Bass quality is great.When we connected to mobile the Dolby atmos working very good.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound!! Crystal clear sound with amazing base!!READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
THIS IS AWESOME SOUND BAR IN THIS PRICE RANGE THE BASE IS SUPERB I NEVER FEEL BASS LIKE THIS IN ANY HOME THEATER UNDER PRICE 10K DESIGN IS ALSO SUPERBREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
This is a must have! Got it at a steal deal! Great sound. And the bass is plain old amazing! What a joy to listen!READ MORE,5.0
Good thinks1. Got in BBD at 4400/-2. Design superb3. Remote function good4. Sound good for using with tv5. 6.5 inch subwooferCons.1. Not for music lover no thumping bass just a boomy bass2. Very High in treble always using -2 Level and bass+5 3. Voice also thin u can feel when compared with otherI am also using f&d t200 it has thumping bassREAD MORE,3.0
great soundbar and bass quality is powerfull bass i am. happy and value off money thanku flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Most awaited for this baby awesome for this price range i got for 4500 and sounds like beastREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound quality and.. BassREAD MORE,5.0
This is my second buy within 6 months .. this proves itself my review..READ MORE,5.0
Superb Soundbar..Powerful Bass in this price range..Very nice Build quality..Worth to buy it..READ MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
bass is extremely high .and sound quality is very very surprisedREAD MORE,5.0
Boat Aavante 120 watt home theaterGood productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and everything is superb but in this product there is no issue about battery One thing is disappointed me that Installation.The technician don't know anything about installtion measurements....And installation is too lateREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyAverage soundsGood productREAD MORE,5.0
Best if you want to bass..iI bought it only 3050rs..but that's doing more than 5000rs quality first class bass first classREAD MORE,5.0
"Thanks filpkart for on time delivery,and one day before installing.READ MORE",5.0
Not good productREAD MORE,2.0
Superb sound and bass was very very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best soundbar model 1550 in this budget segment in 5500 bass super faadu ground shaking nyc vocals nd audio clarity jeevs technicians nature is good thanks boat to create this awsm bar nd sub wooferREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass and treble...clear sound quality...try to get this product in sale you may get good discounts..READ MORE,5.0
This  is  the  beastREAD MORE,5.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall sound quality is very good. One problem I have noticed is that the sound volume on connecting with TV via aux or Bluetooth is very less, though it is enough for living room or hall.Also HDMI ARC port is not working.READ MORE",3.0
Very good 😊 sound but should more volumeREAD MORE,4.0
"I purchased it at an unbelievable price of Rs2904 (80watt) @bbd with card discounts. At this price the sound quality is awesome just trust me, I have LG 20k sound bar the depth there is bit more but clarity is almost at par. Only I miss the HDMI & Optical cable option, so better go for the 120w version. Still with Bluetooth connection with my Oneplus Tv the sound is to my satisfaction. For party purposes it can rock a 150 square feet room but above that go with 120w one. Flipkart made deliver...READ MORE",4.0
"Please buy with sub woofer, without sub woofer you will get trebile sound only, dont get any bass sound.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
Super quality for bassREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar is a beast.  Build quality is top notch.  Quality of sound is good & no connectivity issues observed.  Jeeves installation is below par.  Not satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
"Bought this for Rs.4500 during BBD sales. Shipping was very fast and installation was done in three days. Packing was very good. 1. The device is always in standby mode upon powering. Use remote to turn on.2. Last selected input is restored after power on. However if usb is connected, it always starts in usb mode.3. Volume is not stored. It always starts at 154. Bass and treble values  are stored.5. Volume cannot increase continuously by pressing the remote button. You need to press the...READ MORE",4.0
"Connecting Issues, Bass Very Low Many Issues For Connecting Problem Please Solve This ProblemREAD MORE",2.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome products in comfort priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product awesome sound. Crystal clear sound bass is good but littlebit more .।। Over all mindblowing product. Overall paisawasool.। M Satisfied with boat. Thnxs flipkart for good packing n awesome poductREAD MORE,5.0
Don't expect too much from the sound barBase is good but no audio clarity via hdmi cableREAD MORE,2.0
Voice not clearREAD MORE,1.0
"Product is worth for its price, good sound quality and design looks perfect. Installation process is poor, the person came for is not experienced, didn't placed it properly again reinstalled with local electrician.READ MORE",4.0
The sound Quality was to amazimg...nd fantastic bass.....this product was to good...nd i really like the sound quality........one of the best sound bar...for ever.....love it..😍😍😍😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Best bass.....but gets too loud... When there is continous bass...overall its best for small hall room🔥READ MORE,4.0
"Too much Good, Totally Satisfied, Technician Guy is Very Politeness.READ MORE",5.0
This fits only for small hall or room only. Dont expect too much. Decent bass and good clearity of sound. Worth to buy on big billion Day sale. Installation done on next day of delivery itself and good person too. ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
Very best sound quality.  Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good sound quality, go for itREAD MORE",4.0
Good quality worth for money..👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
No support HDMI arcSo plz not buy  boat sound bar.READ MORE,1.0
Just okREAD MORE,5.0
Very very worthy and Bass is awesome..you dont regret after your purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Good....READ MORE,5.0
Very quality of soundREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good product best soundREAD MORE,5.0
It’s just not as expected in this price range. Could have gone to another brand by adding 2k more. Strongly recommend not to buy it.READ MORE,2.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome Music, Awesome Bass, I Am Fan Boat Speaker MusicREAD MORE",5.0
Great audio quality worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Product quantity is fantastic ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
𝓥𝓮𝓻𝔂 𝓰𝓸𝓸𝓭READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good...worth every penny.READ MORE,5.0
"Decent woofer and speakers, but I disappointed to see that there was no power adapter provided .READ MORE",3.0
It's an amazing sound bar worth to buy thisREAD MORE,5.0
"Low bass ,, good oneREAD MORE",5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,4.0
Up-to the mark100percent worth of money Best sound quality with powerfullbassREAD MORE,5.0
Ground Shaking bassREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is best in this price range..READ MORE,5.0
It's very awesome 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome home speaker...sound quit low but bass is upto the mark,, guys go for it....bole to jhakkasREAD MORE",5.0
Wery nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Received the product last night... it's more than awesome...if u looking for Soundbar under 10K...go for it.... perfect for hall and small party.READ MORE,5.0
Super quality for bassREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar is a beast.  Build quality is top notch.  Quality of sound is good & no connectivity issues observed.  Jeeves installation is below par.  Not satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
"Bought this for Rs.4500 during BBD sales. Shipping was very fast and installation was done in three days. Packing was very good. 1. The device is always in standby mode upon powering. Use remote to turn on.2. Last selected input is restored after power on. However if usb is connected, it always starts in usb mode.3. Volume is not stored. It always starts at 154. Bass and treble values  are stored.5. Volume cannot increase continuously by pressing the remote button. You need to press the...READ MORE",4.0
"Connecting Issues, Bass Very Low Many Issues For Connecting Problem Please Solve This ProblemREAD MORE",2.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome products in comfort priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product awesome sound. Crystal clear sound bass is good but littlebit more .।। Over all mindblowing product. Overall paisawasool.। M Satisfied with boat. Thnxs flipkart for good packing n awesome poductREAD MORE,5.0
Don't expect too much from the sound barBase is good but no audio clarity via hdmi cableREAD MORE,2.0
Voice not clearREAD MORE,1.0
"Product is worth for its price, good sound quality and design looks perfect. Installation process is poor, the person came for is not experienced, didn't placed it properly again reinstalled with local electrician.READ MORE",4.0
The sound Quality was to amazimg...nd fantastic bass.....this product was to good...nd i really like the sound quality........one of the best sound bar...for ever.....love it..😍😍😍😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Best bass.....but gets too loud... When there is continous bass...overall its best for small hall room🔥READ MORE,4.0
"Too much Good, Totally Satisfied, Technician Guy is Very Politeness.READ MORE",5.0
This fits only for small hall or room only. Dont expect too much. Decent bass and good clearity of sound. Worth to buy on big billion Day sale. Installation done on next day of delivery itself and good person too. ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
Very best sound quality.  Love itREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good sound quality, go for itREAD MORE",4.0
Good quality worth for money..👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
No support HDMI arcSo plz not buy  boat sound bar.READ MORE,1.0
Just okREAD MORE,5.0
Very very worthy and Bass is awesome..you dont regret after your purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Good....READ MORE,5.0
Very quality of soundREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good product best soundREAD MORE,5.0
It’s just not as expected in this price range. Could have gone to another brand by adding 2k more. Strongly recommend not to buy it.READ MORE,2.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome Music, Awesome Bass, I Am Fan Boat Speaker MusicREAD MORE",5.0
Beat sound bass and design..superbbREAD MORE,5.0
V good product at this price pointREAD MORE,5.0
"First of all the design is decent & Superb in the categories & about the sound quality  I imagine Really Superb soundbar produce crystal  clear sound  bass treble vocals are very clear and the bass is sufficient to fill your house really very punchy bass .Great products from boat.& Thanks to delivery staff very good and fast I got the product 3rd day from the booking .& Installation Guys is too. Good .Thank u all Guys,|READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good choiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound bar with decent sound quality. Go for it for general useREAD MORE,4.0
Looks  great... Design and built quality is osm... Prefer to buy in great sales ... For great discount..READ MORE,4.0
"First of all, I bought this one in offer price in BBD. Bass is excellent. While connecting to TV with Bluetooth, some delay in audio is there. Other than this everything is good. Connect it to TV with HDMI or Optical cable for better experienceREAD MORE",4.0
Best Bhai 1 no.READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality superREAD MORE,5.0
Ground Shaking bassREAD MORE,5.0
Boat is best in this price range..READ MORE,5.0
It's very awesome 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome home speaker...sound quit low but bass is upto the mark,, guys go for it....bole to jhakkasREAD MORE",5.0
Wery nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Received the product last night... it's more than awesome...if u looking for Soundbar under 10K...go for it.... perfect for hall and small party.READ MORE,5.0
Sounds Bar every this is good but company no issued HDMI cable. I request to pl issue all suitable cable. All TV are not suitable what your issue itemsREAD MORE,4.0
boAt Aavante Bar 1550 120WRich bass! Good clarity. Wow sound bar... Worth for 4400rs.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product & design Good bass.Paisa vassol product.READ MORE,5.0
Big bass sound bar 5 star👌😊Awesome sound with laptopREAD MORE,5.0
Sound bar is very nice sound also very goodBut don't expect too much clarity in sound It's just good.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome performance... must buy this.. thanks boat.. thanks flipkart.. loved a lot...READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity are Very low quality deREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome punch and sound!!!READ MORE,5.0
The Base is outstanding but the Speaker are not up to the mark.As Company claim the speakers output as 80w but it feels as 30-35w. This overall system is nothing without the base the heart is the base.If compare to Mi Tv in built speakers are better than the speakers of this system...The overall system is not enough loudREAD MORE,5.0
Company should give stand or fiber glass size of soundbar to put soundbar on it.because when we play it at full volume there may be full chances of soundbar fall down from wall because vibration it self. personally I think stand must be provide; this incident happened with my soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
LovelyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Products and i am also suggest to user purchase this Boat Avante Bar for enjoying perfect technology and sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Normal productREAD MORE,3.0
Good valve for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Best Sound Bar that I have purchased till now.Highly Recommended.Just 1 suggestion, Installation from Jeevs need to be improved a lot, this is the third time that I have experienced poor service from jeevs.Service Engineer was Experienced with good knowledge but was not on time, he was late by around 9 he by time which he as mentioned.Highly Recommending Filpkart to change Installation partner.READ MORE",5.0
"Sound, bass and everything is best but connectivity could have been  better, but overall great product.READ MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
Installation and demo was successfully completed Rahul Ansari is expert person and very professional and helpful person.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome Bass... Design, build, quality are exellent... Boat rocks... Flipkart delivery was on time.. Speakers sound and bass are mind blowing... I have a concern on the installation part... Installation guy came and opened the product on scheduled date.. the guy is not that technical. When he  is installing and giving a demo... soundbars hdmi is not working connecting to TV... he said he will inform his superior and they will get back... nobody called me for the next 4 days... he took a se...READ MORE",5.0
The good:1. Bass2. Design3. PriceTh bad:1. No Dolby audio (it should be default from 2019 onwards)2. Sound quality Could have been betterREAD MORE,4.0
AmazingLove it 😘READ MORE,5.0
Super bass soundREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,4.0
No battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Bass quality super but speaker quality is averageREAD MORE,5.0
boAt brand Excellent Thank u flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
Best speaker at 3250rs thank u big billion days flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Enjoy listening to music 🎶READ MORE,4.0
"Super quality product, best  sound quality ,also bass and beat so cool , thanks to flip kartREAD MORE",4.0
Boat Aavante bar 1550 is just awesome1) sounds is good2) Bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound superREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is overall excellent. Too much thumpy bass  but mid voice range sound is some low.READ MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Mind blowing🕺🕺🕺...thanks flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product in this price range..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Voice with full of Bass...READ MORE,5.0
Low soundREAD MORE,1.0
It’s a great product at this price point especially with the deal Flipkart. I proudly gifted it to my brother as it is a make an India product.READ MORE,5.0
Just brilliant and awesome. Must go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Product is good but instalation too lateREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in this price...Best bass and sound quality.. absolutely wonderful product..thanks for Boat & FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice BoomREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied with sound quality ..bass is good Vocals are clearREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Very grateful for navshad shaksik Allah bless Thank  youREAD MORE,5.0
Alll over goodREAD MORE,5.0
Base and volume is fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Great deal . Best for home and casual parties . For a room it gives amazing sound quality while watching movies . Go gor it . 😍😍😍😍😍😍 The bestest part is its bass and packaging from flipcart and seller 💕READ MORE,5.0
It is aowesome..super sound quality. I loved the bassREAD MORE,5.0
Boat never disappoint us Awesome Sound bar go for it🙂READ MORE,5.0
Everything is good..only the adaptor is getting short circuitREAD MORE,4.0
Sound is good. It has some issues connecting it via Bluetooth. It takes lot of time while connecting. I am also facing loss of voice during HDMI connection while watching movies but for normal TV it works fineREAD MORE,3.0
Nice Product... 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻READ MORE,4.0
Very good ☺️READ MORE,5.0
SupperI bought it in great sell worth rs 3249 I get 75% lessVery nice.....READ MORE,5.0
Theatre in your home with this home theatre.Thats all I can say.Awesome bass : Balanced treble:Quality of music is too good.Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice the bass quality is amazing and sound is much clearREAD MORE,4.0
Aswm sound and it's good to feel the sound through itValue for moneREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Super product...READ MORE,5.0
Very nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best sound quality no other brand sound bar purchase boat Aavante bar 2000  is awesome and Connectivity goodREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous go for it without any consideration super bass at allREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Really nice speaker. One issue though, its vocal gets overpowered by bass and you may ignore it if you are bass lover. Highs are really crisp.READ MORE",4.0
No battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Bass quality super but speaker quality is averageREAD MORE,5.0
boAt brand Excellent Thank u flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
Best speaker at 3250rs thank u big billion days flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Installation was very quick I am very satisfied and happy must buy speaker I got at 5000 120 variantIn big billion daysREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound loved it.READ MORE,4.0
This is my 1st ever soundbar.....1st impression is quite good.... hoping it will go longer with my expectationsREAD MORE,4.0
GooodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality s not good as expected. It s not showing off with TV.READ MORE,2.0
"Thanks flipkart fast delivery and same day installation, sound quality was good and built quality is also good.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome Voice with full of Bass...READ MORE,5.0
Low soundREAD MORE,1.0
It’s a great product at this price point especially with the deal Flipkart. I proudly gifted it to my brother as it is a make an India product.READ MORE,5.0
Just brilliant and awesome. Must go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Product is good but instalation too lateREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in this price...Best bass and sound quality.. absolutely wonderful product..thanks for Boat & FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Best quality products, like this boat avaante Bar1200Super mast soundREAD MORE",5.0
Mind blowing purchase...☺️READ MORE,4.0
Waiting for demo personREAD MORE,1.0
Mind Blowing SoundsBiggest Fan of boAt...READ MORE,5.0
I got 3300 awesome on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
good and superb product from boAtREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic......😎😎😎READ MORE,5.0
One of the best sound bar ..... I searched entire flip kart then finally I decided to go for boat avante..... The bass and sound quality is awesome.... I'm very satisfied and happy with the sound quality.....READ MORE,5.0
"Very bad installation the person who came for installation have no knowledge about product as well as the person who installed in tilted angle also he distroyed the srew head along with product and due to his careless product got scratches,he don't not know how to connect aux . The flipkart team threatened as without installation by thier person i don't get warranty that's why i allowed them to install but the installation team is horrible.... Thank you my favourite flipkart to make my next p...READ MORE",5.0
Sound is good. It has some issues connecting it via Bluetooth. It takes lot of time while connecting. I am also facing loss of voice during HDMI connection while watching movies but for normal TV it works fineREAD MORE,3.0
Nice Product... 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻READ MORE,4.0
Very good ☺️READ MORE,5.0
SupperI bought it in great sell worth rs 3249 I get 75% lessVery nice.....READ MORE,5.0
Theatre in your home with this home theatre.Thats all I can say.Awesome bass : Balanced treble:Quality of music is too good.Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice the bass quality is amazing and sound is much clearREAD MORE,4.0
Aswm sound and it's good to feel the sound through itValue for moneREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
After my headphones found another master piece from Boat... Excellent product 100% sound clarity with Massive Bass output Recommendable.. THANK YOU FLIPKART BIG BILLION DAYS... ❤️READ MORE,5.0
Super deliverySuper productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound for thise priceREAD MORE,4.0
It was so amazing product...I brought it in the big billion sale ... At 6999/- . The bass and the soung clarity is awesome... Value for money... Don't think go for it. You will be definately satisfied by listening it's sound and bass...boAt will always make me satisfied ..love you Flipkart for the perfect deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing really so muchREAD MORE,5.0
The bluetooth connectivity got lost within 3 days...Now It is not connecting...Aux has less volume than compared to bluetooth...READ MORE,2.0
Mussstt go for it..I purchased it in BBD in only 2800 ..READ MORE,5.0
Nice Rock Bass - Bluetooth with V4A on mobile perfect  match - Happy with Buy - installation took 2days(will be nice if delivery & installation on same day)READ MORE,5.0
Installation was very quick I am very satisfied and happy must buy speaker I got at 5000 120 variantIn big billion daysREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound loved it.READ MORE,4.0
This is my 1st ever soundbar.....1st impression is quite good.... hoping it will go longer with my expectationsREAD MORE,4.0
GooodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality s not good as expected. It s not showing off with TV.READ MORE,2.0
"Thanks flipkart fast delivery and same day installation, sound quality was good and built quality is also good.READ MORE",4.0
after usage of 5 months sound bar stopped workingREAD MORE,1.0
"Superb, sound quility is very good. I love very muchREAD MORE",5.0
Top bindassREAD MORE,5.0
I m SO happy boat it's really superREAD MORE,5.0
"Flipkart is awesome.. Boat means blast..Got it at 4,989 with 120 wattREAD MORE",5.0
Nice sound . Excellent priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product.my home turned into homet heatre.bass and everything goodREAD MORE,5.0
Just superb..READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
I really like this product. Its design is very cool and the sound quality is also A1. The Bass is fine but i'm satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing musicREAD MORE,5.0
amazing performanceREAD MORE,5.0
verry best product and sound couliti & bass couliti verry good & canectivity bestREAD MORE,5.0
WorstREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is awesome. Sound is not much blanced.READ MORE,3.0
Superb product... excellent value for money...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I got it for 3249 in offer its so awesome bass sound is amazing except the power cord which is so small.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing product from boAt. Almost flawless. I paired it with my MI 4A Pro and the music output has been really great.READ MORE,5.0
"It's good, but some times the woofer is not connecting..READ MORE",4.0
Best value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good for small roomsNot for hallIn this price not badREAD MORE,4.0
I got it just 3100.sound quality is good .you will go for it .READ MORE,5.0
INSTALLATION IS JUST OK SOUND QUALITY FOR 80W SOUNDBAR WHICH I BOUGHT FOR RUPPES 3250 IN FLASH SALE IS DAMN GOOD JUST BUYREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, timely delivery by Flipkart delivery personREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesome. Best product.READ MORE,5.0
Ok okREAD MORE,5.0
Sound Bar is awesome...but the installation service is very bad...the guy has fixed sound bar but for that he removed my set top box and TV unit...and arrogantly refused to fix it again...not provided any demo also...poor installation service by Jeeves...READ MORE,5.0
Best product and service.READ MORE,5.0
It's awesome products impressiveREAD MORE,5.0
wow excellent bass and premium sound quality boat is the best flipkart delivery was super👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻READ MORE,5.0
If u want more and more bass with quality vocal within this price range then it's super value for money.... In bigbillion days shopping festival it will b arround 5000...READ MORE,5.0
Good product at very low cost. Good Bass and Travel..Enjoyed it.READ MORE,5.0
Sound is very good and bass bass very good... So good product..READ MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT SOUND !! The sound quality of the soundbar is just amazing. the  soundbar is producing very clear sound and the bass is also very good and loud. I bought this product first time and I fully satisfied with the product. just go for it guys.👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
"Very good clarity sound, news mode is excellent, base highly super. But 3d mode not satisfied. Product is very well. Tq flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
"Absolutely good product ,  very good packing , Crystal clear sound but i am little bit disappointed with its volume level. At this price its volume level is not upto mark , Overall it is good for a room or a lobby setup .READ MORE",4.0
Very good product I impressed thanks to boAtREAD MORE,4.0
Product is same as described and love the soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 💯👌👌READ MORE,5.0
𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝READ MORE,5.0
Very good product I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound quality in this price.READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
very very good product Vera levelREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound 🙂READ MORE,5.0
Suvh a good QUALITYREAD MORE,5.0
The base is really ground shaking. Sound is clear . really happy to buy this amazing product .go for it .READ MORE,5.0
Best under 10000READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"I purchased the same product in on 2019 Big Billion Day also. Loved this product so much that I purchased the same in 2020 Big Billion Day for my another TV. Purchased at Rs.3249.00 on 2020 and on 2019 purchased at Rs.3999.00. However, there are some changes in the product looks compared to 2019 purchase. The remote looks more stylish but the power light cannot be off while  in my old sound bar the power light can be turned off. There was a key in the remote ""LUM"", but this time that key is n...READ MORE",5.0
Very Good product under 5000READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Products.....READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product for this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is very powerfull and clear sound quality worth buy Sound bar thanks Flifkart and boAtREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Really Such A Nice Product In this Price Range.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome 🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
There is 3 sec delay in when used over HDMI ARC apart from than its very good. The sound quality and max is not at par with my Sony system but again this costs half also. Overall I would it a good product in this price.READ MORE,4.0
Amazing product from boAt. Almost flawless. I paired it with my MI 4A Pro and the music output has been really great.READ MORE,5.0
"It's good, but some times the woofer is not connecting..READ MORE",4.0
Best value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good for small roomsNot for hallIn this price not badREAD MORE,4.0
I got it just 3100.sound quality is good .you will go for it .READ MORE,5.0
INSTALLATION IS JUST OK SOUND QUALITY FOR 80W SOUNDBAR WHICH I BOUGHT FOR RUPPES 3250 IN FLASH SALE IS DAMN GOOD JUST BUYREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, timely delivery by Flipkart delivery personREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesome. Best product.READ MORE,5.0
Ok okREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is very goood...Love it....READ MORE,5.0
Thank you flipkart.... Before the delivery..... I'm so happy for the product.... 🎼🎵🎶🎹🎷🎺🎸🪕🎻🥁🎧READ MORE,5.0
Good product but low sound as expected clear voice bass is good but sound like sound bar not home theatreREAD MORE,4.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
Product is mindblowing iam satisfied this product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing 3 d surround well Remote distance fine Design lovlyBt connectivity nice an Flipkart delivery topclassTotal very wellREAD MORE,5.0
I like this sound clearity is to good and base also thank you flipkart😘READ MORE,5.0
Super 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
good good good superb product 👌👍😍 bass is incredible I love this product boat product is awesome 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class soundREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound quality..  nice  productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very delighted with the product. Sound quality and bass in particular is as expected.READ MORE,5.0
Outstanding performance ..😘READ MORE,5.0
Must Buy.....Fast Delivery.... superb Bass .....Best Voice........ Excellent fitting and demo ......Best for home with excellent amplifierREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Sound system .you can go through it without any hesitation.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product Good .excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
"My first sound bar system . I dono how to explore abt this sound system. It is beyond to my thoughts. Ouput from Boat Aavante bar 1550 is unexpected, He Sounds fantabulous..READ MORE",5.0
Sonam  i m so happy for bar sound 🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
Good protectREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good product under 5000READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Products.....READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Boat its all time superbbREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound n bass bothREAD MORE,4.0
Value for the money.Excellent Bass and stunning output.READ MORE,5.0
No doubt about the product. It's pretty good. But very disappointed with the customer service. Installation was delayed for 3 days. No proper response from the team. Very bad and rude communication from the technician too. No precautions for covid by technician who came for installation. Total disappointment.READ MORE,1.0
Very great product Totally worth buying and I am loving it thank you Flipkart ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤Very very good quality of sound and deep base. Large build size than expected!!!!READ MORE,5.0
sexy bass...high quality sound  3d sound also availREAD MORE,5.0
"I loved it Super sound , bassNice productI got it 3249 rupeesREAD MORE",4.0
Good sound loved it😍Delivary & Installation at on time...READ MORE,5.0
"One of the finest product.As far as the music quality is concerned,it's just wow.Nice bass and perfect clarity.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought soundbar first time for my home... after go thru buyers view,  i feel this soundbar ok for small family function or use for home. I find good quality at less price.. specially who likes bass sound because except bass this soundbar has no more to explain. If u want best soundbar in low price then BOAT is perfect... go for it.READ MORE",4.0
Sounds no1 Bass no1READ MORE,5.0
Product is nice but installation member is poorREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome sound...READ MORE,5.0
No bass effectREAD MORE,3.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is very goood...Love it....READ MORE,5.0
Thank you flipkart.... Before the delivery..... I'm so happy for the product.... 🎼🎵🎶🎹🎷🎺🎸🪕🎻🥁🎧READ MORE,5.0
Good product but low sound as expected clear voice bass is good but sound like sound bar not home theatreREAD MORE,4.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
Product is mindblowing iam satisfied this product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing 3 d surround well Remote distance fine Design lovlyBt connectivity nice an Flipkart delivery topclassTotal very wellREAD MORE,5.0
I like this sound clearity is to good and base also thank you flipkart😘READ MORE,5.0
Super 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
good good good superb product 👌👍😍 bass is incredible I love this product boat product is awesome 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class soundREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound quality..  nice  productREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very delighted with the product. Sound quality and bass in particular is as expected.READ MORE,5.0
Outstanding performance ..😘READ MORE,5.0
Must Buy.....Fast Delivery.... superb Bass .....Best Voice........ Excellent fitting and demo ......Best for home with excellent amplifierREAD MORE,5.0
Face many problems to connect with my led but after some settings it solved Overall best soundbar in 5000rs for me. Bass and sound is too good. I recommend this boat avante bar 1550 120w under 5000READ MORE,4.0
osm boat soundbar quality💯✌thanks boat and flipkartthe power of boat...mind-blowingREAD MORE,5.0
"Good bass ,affordable  price, good quality but remote average hdmi not workingREAD MORE",5.0
Good product..Excellent sound quality..READ MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
It is very amazing product. Sound quality is fabulous. Light weight and atractive sound bar. 😍READ MORE,3.0
Unable to connect tvREAD MORE,4.0
"Good sound quality, nice design, value of money..READ MORE",5.0
Best Ever experience 😇READ MORE,5.0
Not good like I expected... sound is not good..READ MORE,1.0
Super Basss..BOAT 💕💕Sounds Bhut Acha h 💕👌👌👌.. Awesome. Love itREAD MORE,5.0
It is one of the best soundbar in this price range.Go for it you won't regret.READ MORE,5.0
It's good for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very great product Totally worth buying and I am loving it thank you Flipkart ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤Very very good quality of sound and deep base. Large build size than expected!!!!READ MORE,5.0
sexy bass...high quality sound  3d sound also availREAD MORE,5.0
"I loved it Super sound , bassNice productI got it 3249 rupeesREAD MORE",4.0
Good sound loved it😍Delivary & Installation at on time...READ MORE,5.0
"One of the finest product.As far as the music quality is concerned,it's just wow.Nice bass and perfect clarity.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very high bass and clear sound experience....thanks boat and thanks flipcart for fast delivery...very satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
"Soundbar and woofer stopped working in just 6 days of installation, Bass , trebel nothing is working.READ MORE",1.0
"Very nice, good  product. Nice sound quality and sema designREAD MORE",5.0
Nice product I love itREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice premium product with best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound and easy installationREAD MORE,5.0
Extremely fabulous bass didn't expect this much bass and sound clarity is simply wow🙂boAt you rock my advice go for aavante bar 20000 160 w seemless connection for wireless subwooferREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
There is no battery. It is plug and use. Amazing product.READ MORE,5.0
"I received in 3 days at the price of 3249/- only in flipjart big billion days.  It has great sound quality and good design and suitable for mini room. Bass is actually good at this price range, treble and audio qauality are also good. Totally worth, value for money, go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Super sound bar and sound clarity nice and super bass . I never see this type of home theatre super super . And thanking you flipkart for fast delivery and installation by Jeeves every thing nice . Pls purchase this product is good I'll give 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟.READ MORE,5.0
Gud product 👌👌READ MORE,4.0
It's simply goodGood bassSatisfied with boatREAD MORE,3.0
Nice.READ MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money,better than expected.looking forward for boat 5.1 home theatreREAD MORE",5.0
packing is very badREAD MORE,1.0
BoAt i like this sound...It's amazing this price....sound so good Thankyou FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound bar and subwoofer. Sound quality, clarity, bass everything is far beyond my expectations at this price. Build quality and finish is also very good. Some people have mentioned that they could not connect through fire tv Bluetooth but I  am able to connect without any issues. Infact the sound quality and volume just multiplies through fire tv Bluetooth by many folds compared to the aux connectivity. There is no bass effect and volume is very low in aux connection. My room is 11x18...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and sound quality is niceREAD MORE,5.0
Superb quality ❣️❣️READ MORE,5.0
Speaker is not connecting to smart tv through bluetooth and aux cable is not working goodREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality and bass is amazing . It is best in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent job done by boat awesome sound quality but there is some issue the is when we connect to tv some sound disturbance is getting i.e ziier zieer sound is getting in the middle that is why I'm giving 4 star rating base is just awesome ground shaking base base base base base base base just not say able for base excellent design is also good just awesome sound blindly go for it bcoz under 6k you won't get like this sound I got this speaker for 6.3k if your budget is 6k to 7k just go for b...READ MORE,4.0
Worth of money you can buy blindlyREAD MORE,5.0
I jus loved it😻😘😋🔥💥READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,4.0
It is very amazing product. Sound quality is fabulous. Light weight and atractive sound bar. 😍READ MORE,3.0
Unable to connect tvREAD MORE,4.0
Nice....READ MORE,4.0
Sound is very good and bass quality is superREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality & bass is very good. Since both bass trable you can control, we can adjust it according to your need. HDMI ARC connection with my MI TV need to check. Installation Service provider was not equipped with any type of cable (optical, HDMI ARC, AUX etc) to show connection with the existing devices to satisfy customer.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent 👌😊READ MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Just Awesome in compare to another in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Money is highREAD MORE,2.0
Nice soundbar with great and loud soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome super bass marvellousREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
I buy 4990. it's worth & sound is gud bass super....READ MORE,5.0
Sound good bass was exlent...READ MORE,5.0
"Exilent products,Very Deep powerfull punching bass & clear crystal trebleGood sound bar.READ MORE",5.0
Good product Sound is clear and loud Must buying product Build and finishing is also good Want a sound bar must go on with this one Packing is good and delivery is also fastREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
I got this at 4899 in big billion days. Powerful bass and awesome sound quality .Gives great experience at this range.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is very nice and bass is too good for bass lovers, shipping is fast. I don't it has battery backup option.READ MORE",5.0
Bass quality is superb and Cristal clear sound in full volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb I got just 3200rsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome homes therather for only homeNot outdoor for use us.U also prashase this productOsm bass and osm soundI like❤️❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,4.0
Connected through AUX but its completely waste same as TV sound . you can only enjoy the sound Bluetooth connection with mobile . Wasted my money return period also over .READ MORE,1.0
Love this productREAD MORE,5.0
BoooooooMVery Nice and affordable price Thanks  flipkart 😜😜😜READ MORE,5.0
Nice sounds and like 4stars thanksREAD MORE,4.0
"Superub bild quality, good bass and sound quality is good by this product this price segmentREAD MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,3.0
"A perfect unbeatable Bumh bumbh....No Flaws(except Bluetooth) at all!!The subwoofer is soooooo mind refreshing...It's gives a very premium look in case of home decor ✌️"" A typical stud""READ MORE",5.0
"Best bujdet sound bar, I got at big billion day  @3149 bucks...READ MORE",4.0
Very nice 👍 👌 Product I love boAtREAD MORE,5.0
Bass will be low but sound is excellentREAD MORE,4.0
cassy productREAD MORE,5.0
Pls improve in RemoteREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound & bass specialREAD MORE,5.0
Super and cute speakeeREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product with heavy base and great for watching moviesREAD MORE,5.0
Nice experience good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awasome products bass is very good all is right thanks to boatREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Product is good and jeeves technician is very good work and good behavior and demo is superrr over all thanks for the Flipkart and jeeves service....READ MORE,5.0
"Good product ONLY ONE  issue FOR CONNECTIVITY (HDMI,AUX)Installation is goodREAD MORE",4.0
Sound quality is beyond my expectation ..... It's sound quality very sharpREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice product ,bass was excellent,sound was amazing,I like the product very much thank uuuu FlipkartREAD MORE",4.0
Very good sound quality and awesome bass thanks boat and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice....READ MORE,4.0
Sound is very good and bass quality is superREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality & bass is very good. Since both bass trable you can control, we can adjust it according to your need. HDMI ARC connection with my MI TV need to check. Installation Service provider was not equipped with any type of cable (optical, HDMI ARC, AUX etc) to show connection with the existing devices to satisfy customer.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent 👌😊READ MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
Just Awesome in compare to another in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Money is highREAD MORE,2.0
Nice soundbar with great and loud soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome super bass marvellousREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
I buy 4990. it's worth & sound is gud bass super....READ MORE,5.0
Sound good bass was exlent...READ MORE,5.0
"Exilent products,Very Deep powerfull punching bass & clear crystal trebleGood sound bar.READ MORE",5.0
Good product Sound is clear and loud Must buying product Build and finishing is also good Want a sound bar must go on with this one Packing is good and delivery is also fastREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
I got this at 4899 in big billion days. Powerful bass and awesome sound quality .Gives great experience at this range.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is very nice and bass is too good for bass lovers, shipping is fast. I don't it has battery backup option.READ MORE",5.0
Bass quality is superb and Cristal clear sound in full volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb I got just 3200rsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Sound quality and bass is excellent am happy with this boat product... service is very fast thanks Flipkart and deilhivery service...and installation service is very good solve my issue thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Super never expected this much quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product for Home entertainment and small birthday partiesREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing sound🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
Excellent system for bass lovers but not an ideal candidate for enjoying movies as most of the time bass is dominating over others frequencies. But what else can we expect from this price. Boat has made a mark in sound system spaceREAD MORE,4.0
Quality and design very nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
Osm Bass very good boatREAD MORE,5.0
The sound bar is awesome. But the main problem is installation still waiting for product installation. Very very poor service provided by Jeeves or Flipkart.Do note for that and get it resolved soon.READ MORE,4.0
Just osm 2000READ MORE,5.0
Superbb best music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Bass will be low but sound is excellentREAD MORE,4.0
cassy productREAD MORE,5.0
Pls improve in RemoteREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound & bass specialREAD MORE,5.0
Super and cute speakeeREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product with heavy base and great for watching moviesREAD MORE,5.0
Nice experience good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awasome products bass is very good all is right thanks to boatREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
Its awesome Totally loved itREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
"Very very nice and sound very much like ... bass bass bass bass bass room 13/13 sound quality very nice ... worth of only Rs 4408 / - but HDMI NOT working properly cinected Thomson smart android tv 40 ""READ MORE",5.0
Good product but bass is not niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good in this price and good to purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best sound everREAD MORE,5.0
Super projectREAD MORE,5.0
"Really boat aavante 2000 can change your home into dts theatre..160W recommend..200% Value for money.. But Bluetooth with my TV is not working properly..otherthan Bluetooth, there is a multiple connectivity HDMI ARC, AUX, OPTICAL.. Final thought is close your eyes and buy nowREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent product....I m really amazingSharp sound...🤓🤓😎😎😎😎Wounderfull base...🤓🤓😎😀😀Really amazing...👍👍🔥🔥🔥🔥🤓🤓🤓READ MORE,5.0
Super prodoctREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
only for base lovers....READ MORE,5.0
Super quality boat fan coolREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
The sound with bluetooth device is ok if you like high bass ans less clarity.Not good as a Home theater with TVREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent sound bar bass as awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Expected better according to the reviews given by the customers. Not satisfied by the sound and base quality after using 40 watts iBall tarang 2.1 ,will not recommend to buy this product at even at 4500rs. Very disappointed. Expected so much after reading all the reviews given by customers. Sound quality is not balanced treble and mid tone is high so base will not be effective. Instead go for 2.1 home theatre.READ MORE",1.0
Value for money.. Nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
sound clarity is clear when the hall is bigIt doesn't generate clear sound clarity for closed short roomREAD MORE,5.0
"Built quality is good, there is no ? For bass in boat, I ordered for 1550 but I received 1500 . Sound quality is good. But in 3d mode we can't feel the 3d experience even in small room. For connectivity we have 4 options we can easily connect to any device If you don't want to bass you can remove the subwooferREAD MORE",5.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good... awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product 😊😊😊 thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Super ..Bass..READ MORE,5.0
Feels like theater at your own home..for better experience turn off the lights and make the volume 16-20 then sit back and relax the theatre at your home..wow bass😍😍just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good in this price go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Supper ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
I had connected it with Hisense 43 inch tv and it sounds really good and bass is top notch.Go for it if you are bass lover.READ MORE,5.0
Installation team is very much perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Best in segment! Highly recommended 120 watts is more than enough. Best Offer. Flipkart ❤️READ MORE,5.0
SolidsREAD MORE,5.0
Good levalREAD MORE,4.0
Dream came true! Waited for big billion days to grab this masterpiece.READ MORE,5.0
Just got it a week back. Good product for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget sound bar for home useREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product and good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Super cool goodREAD MORE,5.0
Battery notREAD MORE,5.0
Best in all performanceREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality oswome and look like nice ,Deep bass 😊READ MORE",5.0
Good product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Likes very much. Product worth for money.READ MORE,4.0
Super...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Good in this price and good to purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
best sound everREAD MORE,5.0
Super projectREAD MORE,5.0
"Really boat aavante 2000 can change your home into dts theatre..160W recommend..200% Value for money.. But Bluetooth with my TV is not working properly..otherthan Bluetooth, there is a multiple connectivity HDMI ARC, AUX, OPTICAL.. Final thought is close your eyes and buy nowREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent product....I m really amazingSharp sound...🤓🤓😎😎😎😎Wounderfull base...🤓🤓😎😀😀Really amazing...👍👍🔥🔥🔥🔥🤓🤓🤓READ MORE,5.0
Super prodoctREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Really good product, Sound quality is amazingREAD MORE",5.0
Nice product reallyREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice product This speaker is more awesome , then I exceptedREAD MORE",5.0
"This is the best sound bar which I have got , I was never expected that much of quality in this price range .m really happy with this boat avante 1550 sound bar, it's not bass it's beast  .thanks Flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
Very very good product just go for it blindly .Bass 10/10Trable 10/10Clearty 10/10I bought it 3250 rs in bbd saleREAD MORE,5.0
Good Quality. Bass heviREAD MORE,5.0
nice product and same day installation goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome product..Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
More treble more bass more loudnessAt low sounds it is good but at high sounds it gibes you headacheIts not that smooth but loud and bass is very heavyOnly problem is treble that gives you noisy musicREAD MORE,3.0
Superb sound.....READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Poor remote control & somtimes error in connectingREAD MORE,3.0
Very good product 😊😊😊 thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Super ..Bass..READ MORE,5.0
Feels like theater at your own home..for better experience turn off the lights and make the volume 16-20 then sit back and relax the theatre at your home..wow bass😍😍just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good in this price go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Supper ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Good🔉🔊READ MORE,4.0
"Mind blowing product from BOAT. Just go and grab this sound bar with no second thought. No competitors can provide such a quality product in this price range. My LG 42'' smart tv along with Boat Aavante bar 2000 fills my large living room with thumping base and ultra clear sound and gives a perfect cinematic effect. Bass and Treble is really really THE best when compared to the other sound bars or even home theaters, in this segment. Basically, I am a music lover who likes to listen the music...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing osm productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound & bass is amazing.....READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product . I just bought an 80w sound bar   its sound is amazing . Over my expectation.  But the aux cable not work . Immediately I apply for replacement.  With in 4 days they replace with new product . It's good working .    if you search for hometheter definitely u choose this for good base and sound quality   . THANK U FLIP CARTREAD MORE,5.0
"Good bass if u are a bass lover, theater like experience in homeREAD MORE",4.0
I purchased this on big billion day 2020 . Thanks to flipkart for amazing offers during this period and prompt delivery and installation... everything is strem lined...once again thanks flipkart keep up the good business...READ MORE,5.0
this product is a very good I love this sound bar what a sound what a bass and battery backup very good and this model was very interesting thanks flipkat for this product delivery system is very good ❤❤❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,5.0
I am full Happy for the boat 160w sound bar......i love it full bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
God sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is just mind-bogglingREAD MORE,5.0
I bought 80W soundbar.Super sound quality and bass. But if you  want a thumbing bass.. go for 120 or 160w..READ MORE,4.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality with superb bass.. Just go for it!!READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best one could get for the price tag. Amazing bass with a very premium fit and finish. Perfect size. The best part is its 3D sound system which gives a unique experience and pleasure at the same time. Highly recommended. Just go for it. Very happy to get this for just 6300/-READ MORE,5.0
Review from goa (dj sid)Mids are not that goodHighs are ok Lows (base) is ok like It is only comfortable for pack room not useful for open area also some say that sub woofer is bluetooth but it is not u hav to connect it by wireOverall ok at price of 5.5kREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing sound & amazing bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall Good, remote, design, especially packing was too good.But i am expecting much more sound power for 120 Watts Output.Happy for the Pricing...READ MORE",4.0
Just okay 👌READ MORE,3.0
Awesome experienceREAD MORE,5.0
I m very satisfied this product 😊I very happyREAD MORE,5.0
I just loved it.  boAt ❤️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome nREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good product just go for it blindly .Bass 10/10Trable 10/10Clearty 10/10I bought it 3250 rs in bbd saleREAD MORE,5.0
Good Quality. Bass heviREAD MORE,5.0
nice product and same day installation goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Wooooowwwwsuperb, adipoli, kidilam, value for money...... 5 star.........READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Best for price range 3,149 , if the remote is missed u will never get a spare remoteREAD MORE",4.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
"A must buy for bass lovers , if u are a music creator you gonna fall in love with your work .. The praises by the family and neighbours will be an add on ... If you are hear and reading this just give it a go .. You are definitely going to love it.READ MORE",5.0
Bass is very good its shacks the room.....sound quality was also good.....you can enjoy with this product.....dont think about money.....you will definitely enjoy with this product.....READ MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
One of the 100 percent satisfying products I bought online after reading reviews.  Loved itREAD MORE,4.0
Very very good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome forREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome go for ot i got on 2900 @big billion day thanks for this dealREAD MORE,5.0
GoogREAD MORE,5.0
"Brilliant sound bar,in love with the bass of subwoofer! Absolutely amazing.. Worth it..READ MORE",5.0
Good ProductvREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundCinematic feelingREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityNd bass masterREAD MORE,5.0
As expected. Company should provide HDMI cable with sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Super 😊READ MORE,4.0
Only bass bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I purchased this on big billion day 2020 . Thanks to flipkart for amazing offers during this period and prompt delivery and installation... everything is strem lined...once again thanks flipkart keep up the good business...READ MORE,5.0
this product is a very good I love this sound bar what a sound what a bass and battery backup very good and this model was very interesting thanks flipkat for this product delivery system is very good ❤❤❤❤❤READ MORE,5.0
Ok goodREAD MORE,5.0
I am full Happy for the boat 160w sound bar......i love it full bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
God sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is just mind-bogglingREAD MORE,5.0
Gd productREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound bass music Nice sound systemREAD MORE,5.0
Super 👌READ MORE,5.0
MindblowingREAD MORE,5.0
Super bass clear sound rs 6300/- Boat aavti 2000 160w wairless subwooferREAD MORE,5.0
Best ever best home theater 💙READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product Better valueREAD MORE,5.0
"Its not suitable for Mi 44"" tvREAD MORE",3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Beast sound @4999.SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect audio quality for this range power chord wire is too short length .READ MORE,5.0
Very good 👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome speakers.Bbd price 3249READ MORE,5.0
Design and quality very well but need to improve bass qualityREAD MORE,4.0
"Good choice and sound quality is awesome Love it,Dont think, go for it.After 1 month of search in sound bar, i decide to buy boat and it was super Choice with economical.READ MORE",5.0
I have received this product in High cost .READ MORE,1.0
"If you want to use just for music then awesome , if u want use for tv sound then might not be good choice. If u connect via bluetooth, there a delay and u Will notice lip sync issue. After 30min there is disturbance coming for 2 seconds. Hdmi arc is not working properly for mi tv and other TV's also. I purchased good quality hdmi arc cable but still issues.Sound quality is awesome, but connections is not grratREAD MORE",3.0
Worst installation ever...The installation partner doesn't know anything...Installation won't be done completely they will just open the box...fix some things...Mess it up and then leaveThey make us feel it's worst product...It's better to change the installation partners...READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice speaker system build quality is awesome and also sound quality 5 out of 5 bass 5 out off 5 and the remote is very clean and easy to use also it has lots of mode but the thing poor in this is the battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
1.Classic sounds it shakes the house2.nicely build 3.nice connection provided4. Overall nice product go for it5.well done boatREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.. sound is awesome...READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,1.0
Biscuit product I use 2month the sound bar is going to    scrape....thuuuuuREAD MORE,1.0
loudness :  4/5bass : 5/5build : 5/5verdict : must buyREAD MORE,5.0
"It is quite disappointing, the quality of sound and bass is not upto the mark. This was not expected from BOAT. I am not satisfied with the product.READ MORE",3.0
"Guys I just give 5 stars to the product. Coz there is nothing to compromise in this soundbar. I like it's clear crystal sound n uncompromised bass which gave a cinematic experience and it's packaging is not remain any stone unturned. But I'm disappointed from Flipkart delivery, the delivery boy not even provide the location of the product. They just say the product is on the way, I got the product after 6 days.READ MORE",5.0
Very fast delivery by flipkart...about the product very stylish design.  Wireless woofer is very comfortable to set at desired place. Regarding sound quality is very crystal clear on playing tv and Bluetooth....bass is very boosting to gear up energy levels.  Minus point is cause  of base voice level is low audible...for bass lovers boat is best choice...I got this on flipkart big billion sale at Rs.6479/- .  About remote is good and bass and terrible controls is there up to level 5.  Finally...READ MORE,4.0
Must have..... sound quality is greatREAD MORE,4.0
As compared to other brand In this price it is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Impressed by sound quality as well as designREAD MORE,4.0
Just everything perfect. Bass is really amazing. Build quality feels premium. Go without any doubt.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent sound just loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Good soundCinematic feelingREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound qualityNd bass masterREAD MORE,5.0
As expected. Company should provide HDMI cable with sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Super 😊READ MORE,4.0
Only bass bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
product is so far good.delivery is awesome.connection cable with bar and device is too short.no hdmi cable is provided.READ MORE,4.0
Super Bass best sound value for money 😃READ MORE,5.0
Great sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Iam giving  5*****. a very good product from boat....#bass #sound clarity is very perfect 👌READ MORE,5.0
Excellent soundbar for the price. Awesome bass and crisp sound quality.  Got it at an attractive price if 4999.READ MORE,5.0
"Amazing soundbar at this price range with good 😍 sound quality with awesome bass 👌 with wireless subwoofer, must buyREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice & sound quality is very good faster delivery also installation are excellent both are same day many thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Great product Sound quality is excellentThanks boAt Thanks Flipkart for excellent serviceREAD MORE,5.0
It has nice bass and design and perfect buy and happy with it and I couldn't have asked better than this for 6300READ MORE,4.0
Very nice sound bar superb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Super bass clear sound rs 6300/- Boat aavti 2000 160w wairless subwooferREAD MORE,5.0
Best ever best home theater 💙READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product Better valueREAD MORE,5.0
"Its not suitable for Mi 44"" tvREAD MORE",3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Beast sound @4999.SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect audio quality for this range power chord wire is too short length .READ MORE,5.0
Very good 👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome speakers.Bbd price 3249READ MORE,5.0
Design and quality very well but need to improve bass qualityREAD MORE,4.0
"Good choice and sound quality is awesome Love it,Dont think, go for it.After 1 month of search in sound bar, i decide to buy boat and it was super Choice with economical.READ MORE",5.0
I have received this product in High cost .READ MORE,1.0
"If you want to use just for music then awesome , if u want use for tv sound then might not be good choice. If u connect via bluetooth, there a delay and u Will notice lip sync issue. After 30min there is disturbance coming for 2 seconds. Hdmi arc is not working properly for mi tv and other TV's also. I purchased good quality hdmi arc cable but still issues.Sound quality is awesome, but connections is not grratREAD MORE",3.0
Worst installation ever...The installation partner doesn't know anything...Installation won't be done completely they will just open the box...fix some things...Mess it up and then leaveThey make us feel it's worst product...It's better to change the installation partners...READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
It's a nice speaker system build quality is awesome and also sound quality 5 out of 5 bass 5 out off 5 and the remote is very clean and easy to use also it has lots of mode but the thing poor in this is the battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
1.Classic sounds it shakes the house2.nicely build 3.nice connection provided4. Overall nice product go for it5.well done boatREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.. sound is awesome...READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,1.0
Biscuit product I use 2month the sound bar is going to    scrape....thuuuuuREAD MORE,1.0
loudness :  4/5bass : 5/5build : 5/5verdict : must buyREAD MORE,5.0
"It is quite disappointing, the quality of sound and bass is not upto the mark. This was not expected from BOAT. I am not satisfied with the product.READ MORE",3.0
"Guys I just give 5 stars to the product. Coz there is nothing to compromise in this soundbar. I like it's clear crystal sound n uncompromised bass which gave a cinematic experience and it's packaging is not remain any stone unturned. But I'm disappointed from Flipkart delivery, the delivery boy not even provide the location of the product. They just say the product is on the way, I got the product after 6 days.READ MORE",5.0
Amazing sound clarity for this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Good 👍READ MORE,5.0
Value for Money 💰Best Sound Bar in these price rangePowerful Subwoofer 👌🏼4 EQ modes really meets our requirements 😍Premium Design gave a good attraction ⚡Different inputs to connect is simply Awesome 💝READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Super item...READ MORE,3.0
I am fully satisfied with this projectREAD MORE,5.0
Sometimes there is connectivity issues. Otherwise it is good.READ MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Average ..No batteryREAD MORE,4.0
"Soundarbar + subwoofer is amazing build quality, Crystal clear sound quality and tremendous bass n treble..।😍😍READ MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
I m facing ... Poor experience ...bass problemREAD MORE,2.0
Sounds goodREAD MORE,5.0
Love this product 🤩READ MORE,5.0
"Very nice design, excellent sound and dynamic base. You Will enjoy.READ MORE",4.0
Super product and nice sound effectsREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome... I am very very happy.. 😊😊😊Thank you flipkart... 🙏🙏🙏READ MORE,4.0
Wow.......READ MORE,5.0
Ozam  product.stylish bar.iam happy this product thank you flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality good bassREAD MORE,5.0
It's really an awsome product. We really liked it.. thank u flipkart .READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productsREAD MORE,4.0
Best speakers at this price.READ MORE,5.0
quality productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I am seriously loveing this product thanks to flipkart for fast delivery 😊😊😊😊😊😊READ MORE,5.0
Awesome for the price..sound quality too good...READ MORE,5.0
Such a amazing sound....i loved it..💥READ MORE,5.0
Executive very good Behaviour nice person ... All Setup don HappyREAD MORE,5.0
SuperrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect for a family room TV setup. Awesome bass. Sound clarity is nice.READ MORE,4.0
I'm Happy hd sound superREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is awesome.... Loved itREAD MORE,4.0
"Connect with hdmi or optical cable, enjoy theatre like sound output...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product worth it ...got for just 2.8k onlyREAD MORE,5.0
It is amazing product but there is sound lacking problem while connecting through bluetooth in tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundThank flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice clean sound n bass .go for it budget vasool speaker 🍻🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
"Wow, it's ozmREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome product in this range. Totally feeling like movie theater.READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product i am so happy 5 out of 5READ MORE,5.0
Blindly go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and good quality awesome sound quality I likeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
After 6 months of usage the bluetooth connectivity has become an issue due to board inside the sound bar. I have claimed warranty and it has been 1 month 14 days it is not repaired and they didn't handover product to meREAD MORE,1.0
"Great deal ever, exteam bass....Fully paisa wasul🍁🍁READ MORE",5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product but connect to TV sound quality not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass and sound but too good of this cost. So we happy for buy this time and so looking so good. I upercitipet for this home theather. 😊😊😊READ MORE,1.0
Very soothing sound crystal clear audio and very suitable to the living room intact the bass is terrible and it varies from song to song and overall rating I can give to this product is 4.5/5READ MORE,5.0
Its unfair to compare this beast with jbl Sony Samsung soundbars...got it for 6350 in BBD and its worth at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome sound and great looks ,it's worth buyingREAD MORE",5.0
One of the best sound bar in 2020.. especially design very smart.... Base and 3d effect is theatre experience......READ MORE,5.0
I bought it just 6215 rupee with 160W and overall good for home usedREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
This product is really amazing and mind blowing... Overall performance is awesome has a brilliant bass and massive power i really happy to have that.... M enjoying alotREAD MORE,5.0
Bahut acchi quality of sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Best music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good product I like it ...READ MORE,5.0
"It's awesome before buying this i am thinking a lot but after iam very much satisfied with this product.But there is problem.when the given remote by boat is going to be disassembled after 1,2 years how can we buy remote.at Flipkart it is not given.READ MORE",5.0
Very niceBass is loREAD MORE,4.0
Just amazing product. The quality of sound is surreal. Best in class within the budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"No words to write the performance of this 160w sound bar.., just amazing this sound bar especially bass., and get it Rs.6200 in bb daysREAD MORE",5.0
Decent sound and bass. Nothing outstanding but nothing to complaint.Only good for a small size room does not work for a bigger oneREAD MORE,4.0
Extraordinary bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and basssssService and installation is also fast and good.READ MORE,5.0
It's an awesome bass oriented home soundbar for a perfect movie enjoyment and also for music lovers... Close ur eyes and buy this prod from boat.... Got this for 5k in BBD festive..... Thanks boat and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"good product, but delevery boy not handoverd to door step , he deliveryd groud flor, but oldman how she can bring second floor,READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing product with good amount of bass.Few points to remember:1. No Hdmi port for ARC and this require manual on/off the soundbar2. No small display to guess volume or mode.3. Bluetooth connectivity is limited to 5-10m4. Woofer is always active even for news or cricket commentary, sometimes it feels akward.5. Music quality is good and bass is incredeble for music. 6. Design and build quality is good. It is sleek and elegant.Overall good product for discounted price.READ MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound quality best for party...READ MORE,4.0
Sound is Very Good🔥🔥 I am Very Happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality and nice build quality.READ MORE,5.0
Super quality of bass and sound. I am enjoy boat thanks boAt great great great 🥰🥰🥰🥰🤝🤝boAt🤝🤝🤝READ MORE,5.0
Bass is awesome.... Loved itREAD MORE,4.0
"Connect with hdmi or optical cable, enjoy theatre like sound output...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product worth it ...got for just 2.8k onlyREAD MORE,5.0
It is amazing product but there is sound lacking problem while connecting through bluetooth in tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice soundThank flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice clean sound n bass .go for it budget vasool speaker 🍻🔥🔥READ MORE,5.0
"Wow, it's ozmREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and Boss clarity very good ...READ MORE,4.0
Woo Very  Nice.READ MORE,5.0
"Got delevery on time with proper respect. Product is awesome...i suggest to go with this. Sound effect is very nice..thanks to flipkart, delevery person and installation engineerREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent 👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Music... Loved it. Got it for a bargain. Great sale.READ MORE,5.0
Over all product is ok but installation and demo was very bad installed inappropriateREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in best price 👍Mesmerizing sound qualityBoat is the best....... 💯READ MORE,5.0
Briliant.. heavy bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice sound system..power full Bass amazing sound cleartyREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass and sound but too good of this cost. So we happy for buy this time and so looking so good. I upercitipet for this home theather. 😊😊😊READ MORE,1.0
Very soothing sound crystal clear audio and very suitable to the living room intact the bass is terrible and it varies from song to song and overall rating I can give to this product is 4.5/5READ MORE,5.0
Its unfair to compare this beast with jbl Sony Samsung soundbars...got it for 6350 in BBD and its worth at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome sound and great looks ,it's worth buyingREAD MORE",5.0
One of the best sound bar in 2020.. especially design very smart.... Base and 3d effect is theatre experience......READ MORE,5.0
I bought it just 6215 rupee with 160W and overall good for home usedREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
This product is really amazing and mind blowing... Overall performance is awesome has a brilliant bass and massive power i really happy to have that.... M enjoying alotREAD MORE,5.0
Bahut acchi quality of sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Best music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good product I like it ...READ MORE,5.0
"It's awesome before buying this i am thinking a lot but after iam very much satisfied with this product.But there is problem.when the given remote by boat is going to be disassembled after 1,2 years how can we buy remote.at Flipkart it is not given.READ MORE",5.0
Very niceBass is loREAD MORE,4.0
Just amazing product. The quality of sound is surreal. Best in class within the budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"No words to write the performance of this 160w sound bar.., just amazing this sound bar especially bass., and get it Rs.6200 in bb daysREAD MORE",5.0
Decent sound and bass. Nothing outstanding but nothing to complaint.Only good for a small size room does not work for a bigger oneREAD MORE,4.0
Extraordinary bassREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound and basssssService and installation is also fast and good.READ MORE,5.0
It's an awesome bass oriented home soundbar for a perfect movie enjoyment and also for music lovers... Close ur eyes and buy this prod from boat.... Got this for 5k in BBD festive..... Thanks boat and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"good product, but delevery boy not handoverd to door step , he deliveryd groud flor, but oldman how she can bring second floor,READ MORE",5.0
"Nice product ever, please buy it, sounds goodREAD MORE",5.0
"Awesome bass... and sound too good like mini dj for room and filpkart giving the best good delivery, very well paking ""i love it""READ MORE",5.0
Good go for itREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass adjustment is not so good. Clarity becomes feeble when base is more. Otheriwse nice awesome product, worth the price.READ MORE",4.0
"Excellent speaker. Initially was bit worried after booking it, weather it would meet the expections. But it is mind blowing. Awesome speaker that to with 3D effect, its superb. Thank you flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Just wow. But if you connect with TV via bluetooth there  is distortion as my TV didn't support AUX. Everything is superb in this price range . Got it for rs3150 on BBD . Thanks to flipkart for early delivery and also installed perfectly .READ MORE,5.0
This price good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
"Flipkart Delivery Nice,160w Sound bar Boat Bass kingREAD MORE",5.0
Sound quality is not clear and I don't like this productREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice 👍 sound quality and designREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product 🔥Best deliveryAlways Flipkart ❤️Very humble n polite guy who came for installationREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect... awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound system from boat... really amezing sound quality...love this product...Also on time installation from jeevas expert..thanx flipkart for on time delivery...READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound and Boss clarity very good ...READ MORE,4.0
Woo Very  Nice.READ MORE,5.0
"Got delevery on time with proper respect. Product is awesome...i suggest to go with this. Sound effect is very nice..thanks to flipkart, delevery person and installation engineerREAD MORE",5.0
Took goodREAD MORE,5.0
Is it is batery back up productREAD MORE,5.0
Base is awesome.super sound quality.i am happy this product with this price.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sounds quality...I'm satisfied..Just awesome.. 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
Best product best price love this...READ MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality 5/5Bass 4/5Design 4/5READ MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's fabulous sound & bass alsoREAD MORE,4.0
Good value for money and installation person is also good very genuine personREAD MORE,5.0
Very good soundingREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound....👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Product is very good but person who came for installation from any agency was not trained and having bad responce.READ MORE,5.0
Ok ok..READ MORE,3.0
Awesome product by boat Keep it and maintain your quality. Thanks flipkart for awesome offerREAD MORE,4.0
Nice sound quality and perfect sound bar for music loversREAD MORE,5.0
"Very bass heavy for regular TV use. Either have to disconnect woofer or take the bass setting to lowest.But for occasional music or movie, I am glad I invested in this one.Suggestion : Would have been ideal to have a switch in remote for woofer off.READ MORE",4.0
Bass disturb in full volumeREAD MORE,2.0
installation service fast and transparent..READ MORE,5.0
Best soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Bass BassREAD MORE,5.0
Product quality is very good.. suitable bass and sound..nice product ..must buy.. thanks Flipkart for this 😍READ MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Full filled every expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
Feel In Love Value For Money 😍Bhai Jitna Expect Kiya Tha Uska 50x Jada Mila He  Ak Dum Babal Item HeREAD MORE,5.0
"All good and having issue with samsung LED TV,becoz I can't connect via aux , settings unavailable to samsung tv to operate this boat sound bar,apart from this everything is good and useful many options to use and bass is extraordinary than other brands I bought 2000 modelREAD MORE",3.0
sound quality is awesome must buy product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
I will give detailed review after few months of useREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality super super 😍👌😘😋READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Sound quality 9/10Bass   10/10Treble 9/10Connectivity 10/10Best soundbar under 10kREAD MORE,5.0
Nice superREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Low cost high quality product Thanq FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Super bass awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Bass to goodREAD MORE,5.0
i hv no word .. just wow wala product .. Awesome Bass .. Thank u boAt .READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product5 out 5READ MORE,5.0
"Love the bass, ground shaking 😍😍..READ MORE",5.0
Took goodREAD MORE,5.0
Is it is batery back up productREAD MORE,5.0
Base is awesome.super sound quality.i am happy this product with this price.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sounds quality...I'm satisfied..Just awesome.. 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
Best product best price love this...READ MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality 5/5Bass 4/5Design 4/5READ MORE,5.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's fabulous sound & bass alsoREAD MORE,4.0
Good value for money and installation person is also good very genuine personREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this in BBD and definitely i will recommend thisREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing 🧡❤READ MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Still date was not installed my product customer care service was respond was not good Flipkart was wrost e commerce.friends don't buy in flipcart electronic iteam buy  to offline don't buy to Flipkart wrost e comerceREAD MORE,1.0
Not properly installation and demo. Not proper fitting sound bar and roundly behavior your service provider.READ MORE,4.0
Bass is Brilliant.Worth for money.Best product .Good customer service...👌👏READ MORE,5.0
Immersive base and treble. Home like a theatre experience.Thank to Flipkart for wonderful soundbarREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is good according to price... Sound bar sounds quality is better than any Home theater mini sounds...I bought this 3248/- on BBD.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Clear sound superb bass very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Bass disturb in full volumeREAD MORE,2.0
installation service fast and transparent..READ MORE,5.0
Best soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Bass BassREAD MORE,5.0
Product quality is very good.. suitable bass and sound..nice product ..must buy.. thanks Flipkart for this 😍READ MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Full filled every expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
Feel In Love Value For Money 😍Bhai Jitna Expect Kiya Tha Uska 50x Jada Mila He  Ak Dum Babal Item HeREAD MORE,5.0
"All good and having issue with samsung LED TV,becoz I can't connect via aux , settings unavailable to samsung tv to operate this boat sound bar,apart from this everything is good and useful many options to use and bass is extraordinary than other brands I bought 2000 modelREAD MORE",3.0
sound quality is awesome must buy product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
I will give detailed review after few months of useREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality super super 😍👌😘😋READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
over all very good Thanks to flipkartDelivery satisfactionREAD MORE,4.0
"Bass &treble super.thanks flipkart,boatREAD MORE",5.0
The sound bar is amazing . As the title says it's ground shaking Bass... I gave it 4 stars because the jeeves service men was awful 👎 don't know anything...Apart from that BoAt is awesome 😍😊READ MORE,4.0
Great sound and extrra bass experienceFast delivery and installation under 5 days wow!READ MORE,5.0
Very goodl sound QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best in classREAD MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality and bass.delivery super fast FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best ...for music lover go for itREAD MORE,4.0
After 2 months of use  the soundbar is not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Sound is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound and featuresREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"What a bass and treble, both are managed equally well. Never expected this kind of output from boAt. Amazing bass, amazing treble, amazing quality. Definitely it stands on the top compared to other brands. Once again superb bass and treble. Thank you boAt!!READ MORE",5.0
Awesome - love this product .( Sound and music clarity ) Connectivity Bluetooth : easy to pair HDMI Aux ...etc .Worthy purchase in flipkart sale.  Sound effect : quality sound @120 W .( More than enough ) Faster service - technician is properly explained and good service.READ MORE,5.0
Everything ok but bass is too high frequency.READ MORE,5.0
Stoped working after 10 daysREAD MORE,1.0
Super sound ❣️ loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very good 👍 the sound quality is best and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product 🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,4.0
Fastest deliverySimply niceREAD MORE,5.0
Works as described.. Awesome quality ..READ MORE,5.0
Best oneREAD MORE,5.0
Super duper sound system...bass and treble super clearly 🤙🤙🤙🤙READ MORE,5.0
Great sound. Good connectivity. Packing and Packaging need huge improvement.Subwoofer connection sometimes fluctuates even within 8 feet range.This is one of the areas of improvement.READ MORE,4.0
Great sound and good bass. Please make 5.1 channel boat soundbars available.READ MORE,5.0
Everything is awesome just love it.1. Best sound quality2. Best bass for bass lover3. Premium glossy looksJust go for it....with blind eye.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality superv... First experience from boat. Bass awesome. All things are good.Only one negative point is that, in the remote haven't any number keys(like 1 2 3....), Problem facing when playing song from usb and not jumping one song to other song.READ MORE",5.0
Amazing product at amazing price thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice products I'm so happy 😊👍  bREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent quality of product from boat I like very much. Bass and sound is awesome. Thank you boat and flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Ordered with utmost excitement which dint last long.Bluetooth connectivity is a big turn off in this device.Aux is the only other option available to connect.Not worthy !!READ MORE,1.0
Nice product and you can go ahead..i will write full review after using a monthREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing & punchy sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"If You're a Bass lover, You must buy this.Awesome bass loved it.Got it for 4899 in BBD Sale.READ MORE",5.0
It's so gud i am very happy 🙏READ MORE,5.0
Outstanding... Bass superb..READ MORE,5.0
I am happy🤩 boAt 😘😘😘 I love u...😍 flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound quality. connectivity is also good.READ MORE,5.0
Osm sounds quality & osm bassREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
over all very good Thanks to flipkartDelivery satisfactionREAD MORE,4.0
"Bass &treble super.thanks flipkart,boatREAD MORE",5.0
VERY GOOD SOUND QUALITY AND VERY GOOD BASS. I CONNECT TO MY MI TV THROUGH HDMI ARC AND NO CONNECTIVITY ISSUE.READ MORE,5.0
If you are lover of cinema feelings then blindly go for itIts just amazing and more then expectedBass and treble controll is plus point Compare to other this is the bestand i purchased during big billion day for 4400 only Loved it mostREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality sound awesome 10/10READ MORE,5.0
Bass over powerREAD MORE,5.0
Osm product 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Package 📦 should be much more protective For package 3 / 5 ratingREAD MORE,4.0
Product is very good but installation process is too much poor.READ MORE,1.0
Nice product ... Everything is good in this price ....proud of it..READ MORE,5.0
Connection issueREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful sound..READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"What a bass and treble, both are managed equally well. Never expected this kind of output from boAt. Amazing bass, amazing treble, amazing quality. Definitely it stands on the top compared to other brands. Once again superb bass and treble. Thank you boAt!!READ MORE",5.0
Awesome - love this product .( Sound and music clarity ) Connectivity Bluetooth : easy to pair HDMI Aux ...etc .Worthy purchase in flipkart sale.  Sound effect : quality sound @120 W .( More than enough ) Faster service - technician is properly explained and good service.READ MORE,5.0
Everything ok but bass is too high frequency.READ MORE,5.0
Stoped working after 10 daysREAD MORE,1.0
Super sound ❣️ loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very good 👍 the sound quality is best and bassREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product 🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,4.0
Fastest deliverySimply niceREAD MORE,5.0
Sony is better than BoatREAD MORE,2.0
"Executive not installed properly my sound bar. He was not fitted on horizontal level and not kept leveling tools. Also not sanitize his hands, only taken photo with bottle.READ MORE",5.0
Its really very power sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderfull ground shaking Bass..Osm Design .........Sound quality 💯 exellent....Well good packing...Double cardboard packing.....Delivery boy nature was so Good...Thanks Flipcart for gave me smile....READ MORE,5.0
Awsome but voice normalREAD MORE,5.0
Superb mind blowing Super sound Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound it gives a clear sound with hard and good thumping bass makes your home theaterREAD MORE,5.0
High rated soundREAD MORE,5.0
nice product in 4500READ MORE,4.0
"Specific product for music and movie not for tv programs bass over come sound, bass is heavy and at -5 point you can have bass.READ MORE",4.0
Bass is good but sound volume is too low when connecting with aux. HDMI arc not workingREAD MORE,3.0
"Bluetooth connectivity bad, even next room with in 10meters connection disturbs frequentlyREAD MORE",3.0
Good quality of sound in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"This is my first review on any online shopping site ever  and I must say that this bar has enough power to outplay any other bar with its damn strong shaking bass but when it comes to treble and vocal the bass somehow dominates over the former ones.Neverthelss, it's a good product to go for and keep in mimd it's bass is gonna shake you once you own it.READ MORE",5.0
Simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice.READ MORE,5.0
Simply awesome!READ MORE,5.0
Product is really awesome but there is no need of installation person to come. It's a basic set up we need to do. I thought they will help for wall mounting for soundbar but I was wrong. Rest part is good. Amazing Product and user friendly also.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Go for it if you love the hearing best soundREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality unbelievable rateREAD MORE,5.0
"I got this product just 4799(120W),at this price range it is value for money.  If you look for a hall I think 160W is better optionREAD MORE",4.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
Boat Aavante Bar 1550 120 w sound bar amezing product music lovers & bass lovers buy this product excellent experience thank you ❤️ flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD SOUND QUALITY AND VERY GOOD BASS. I CONNECT TO MY MI TV THROUGH HDMI ARC AND NO CONNECTIVITY ISSUE.READ MORE,5.0
If you are lover of cinema feelings then blindly go for itIts just amazing and more then expectedBass and treble controll is plus point Compare to other this is the bestand i purchased during big billion day for 4400 only Loved it mostREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality sound awesome 10/10READ MORE,5.0
Bass over powerREAD MORE,5.0
Osm product 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Package 📦 should be much more protective For package 3 / 5 ratingREAD MORE,4.0
Product is very good but installation process is too much poor.READ MORE,1.0
Nice product ... Everything is good in this price ....proud of it..READ MORE,5.0
Connection issueREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful sound..READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very powerful bassREAD MORE,5.0
Osm sounds Quality...👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"At this price range, this is a really good sound system which can give you a theater feeling without any distortion at high volume. But as per few feedbacks from others, it does not connect using Bluetooth to my Sony TV, but mobiles are connecting smoothly. Technician said TV has Bluetooth just to pair remotes (god knows if he is right or not). But I was able to connect using Aux cable to my TV, and it works well. As usual delivery was fast from FK.But technicians just did wall mounted of th...READ MORE",4.0
Sound quality awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Should provide HDMI cableREAD MORE,5.0
This is fantastic i m crazy that bass 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very useful and you should go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Its awesomeLoved itREAD MORE,5.0
My boat soundbar HDMI not supported. how to connect Smart TVREAD MORE,4.0
The sound quality is awesome .Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Best product paisa vasulREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Budget product if you're lover of bass go for it.One corn is that we have to control volume via soundbar remote onlyREAD MORE,4.0
Happy with the bar.... Superb bass and sound is mind blowing...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super design ...super soundREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Love thisthanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is really really good bass 👍 super loudness very high bass very high. I love boat 😍READ MORE,5.0
Best best bestU guys fall in love with this soundbar.Woifer Rock on... Don't think just BuyREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality super superREAD MORE,5.0
I am not satisfied with this sound  very bad I purchaged 18 oct 2020READ MORE,1.0
Thanks for Flipkart good system for  boat sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Super Sound quality Build quality is very Nice and Bass is super Highly recommend.I bought 160w it is very powerful When I am watching Movies weasels Are vibrating..😂😂READ MORE,5.0
Good product & speed deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Best Soundbar... I got 120W soundbar @Rs 5000/-READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good but price is high and having problem with bluetooth connectionREAD MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Blasting sound. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"My first day review, clear voice no distortion, But I felt 160w is not enough if you need a good theatrical sound.READ MORE",4.0
"Super clarity with high bass, for 6200 is the best price i have satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
"Nice product. Good sound quality, value for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Thank god....i didn't miss this .....xtraordinaryREAD MORE,5.0
Best price.....best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome performance for the price range just go for it....READ MORE,5.0
King of bass at this price value i got it at just 6299 in big billion days..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome sound effect. Way more better than expected. Bass quality is punchy and no distortions. Can adjust the bass and treble according to our taste. Need a larger space for this to be effective. Not suitable for small rooms. Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Nice 👍💥READ MORE,5.0
Value for money. Sound quality is awesome if you are bass lover. It will take your movie experience to the next level.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product from Boat.Sound quality is good. BASS is Excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Very fast delivery I like that and delivery boy are very friendly thank so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is very nice.service (delivery & installation) was very fast and good.Good product to buy.READ MORE,4.0
Excellent QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome. Just touch the heart ❣️READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Superb quality...Best in the Market. You can blindly go for it. Same day delivery and installation...Nice packing and service by Flipkart. Thanks.READ MORE,5.0
Very useful and you should go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Its awesomeLoved itREAD MORE,5.0
My boat soundbar HDMI not supported. how to connect Smart TVREAD MORE,4.0
The sound quality is awesome .Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Best product paisa vasulREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Budget product if you're lover of bass go for it.One corn is that we have to control volume via soundbar remote onlyREAD MORE,4.0
Happy with the bar.... Superb bass and sound is mind blowing...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super design ...super soundREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Love thisthanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is really really good bass 👍 super loudness very high bass very high. I love boat 😍READ MORE,5.0
Best best bestU guys fall in love with this soundbar.Woifer Rock on... Don't think just BuyREAD MORE,5.0
BEST PRODUCT & NO. 1 SOUND QUALITYREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this... Like a tv sound with bass.READ MORE,1.0
Product is fabulous and excellent bass is terrific and bought at an affordable cost delivery was done promptly thru Ekart logisticsREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sound bar at this price range there no another sound bar in this price with excellent sound clarity, go fo this without any fear Bass is ultimate this is made for bass lovers, if you connect this bar to the Tv by using hdmi other wise sounds not get clearly ♥️♥️♥️♥️READ MORE",5.0
Everything is perfect Bass is so smooth Super se uperGo for itREAD MORE,5.0
"I have received my product today, Boat Avante 1550. The sound quality is good, and all connectivity is working fine.But the sub woofer build quality is very cheap, the plastic part in front is vibrating and making annoying noise.The problem persist even with medium level volume and 0 level bass.Returning the product.Update: yesterday the return was accepted and status updated in flipkart, the executive told me it will be picked up within 3 days. Today the status showing as return reje...READ MORE",1.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Loving this product.Worth every pennyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is quite good. Bluetooth connectivity is very poor. Sound is continuously breaking during streaming via bluetooth.I have complained within warranty period. It's 20 days running out but no response from their end.READ MORE,1.0
Vai sound to badiyaaaa... Orr sabse accha premium design. Love it bro😄😃😃😃READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome purchase I am happy so far so good 🥰READ MORE,5.0
Not functioning properly power issuesREAD MORE,2.0
EXCELENT QUALITY OF SOUND I AM FULLY SATISFIED WITH THIS PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent quality super sound sistmREAD MORE,5.0
"First of all the bass of subwoofer is excellent and the audio from the sound bar is pleasant and quality.this is the best with in the budjet.spending my lockdown with this,thankyou flipkartt🙂🙂🤗READ MORE",5.0
The sound quality is very good 😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
"Too much bass disturbs original music, bass should more subtle, overall nice product and nice music output, but music no just waooREAD MORE",4.0
Bass is good and super sound 120 wtsREAD MORE,4.0
BOAT IS  EXCELLENTREAD MORE,4.0
Good deal at best price. My every morning starts with music & it's basic need for music to play. Bass is too heavy which suppresses the vocals in music but while watching movie it gives theater like Dolby Sound Effect. Happy with the purchase.READ MORE,4.0
"within 1 month, the remote Stop working for the Sound Bar.READ MORE",2.0
"Bass is awesome and if we increase the sound the clarity is superb. Especially on Bluetooth, the sound is awesome.READ MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product...READ MORE,3.0
"Super Bass: can be adjusted from -5 to +5 but felt need to have more adjustment to reduce bass more since at -5 bass is still heavy.Sound is crystal clear and loud for home entertainment.Connectivity is really good, get connected to Bluetooth, HDMI ARC and 3.5 mm aux easily. Connect to HDMI ARC for detailed sound from TV.Connection between Bar and Woofer is both wireless and effortless.Aesthetically really good, woofer looks stunningly great.READ MORE",5.0
I'm so happy with this product what I expected more than that I got it..... Thank you  flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
To goodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It's a review after 9 month Usages and believe me it's killing. It's a budget damn good.READ MORE,5.0
OsamREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality sound effects and nice product materialREAD MORE,5.0
ExellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Outstanding bass...,😘😘😘READ MORE",5.0
wasteREAD MORE,1.0
Get it at just 4000rs.Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
A nice sound bar for homeREAD MORE,5.0
This is a very good soundbar this sound bar sound clarity asome and delivery  to goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality sound and value for money 💰 bass quality osm..READ MORE,5.0
Bad soundREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Wow super sound . good product. No1 boat 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Pathetic sound quality, especially when connected to smart tv. Sound is not clear and low. Better go for some other product of a better brand. I wanted to return this piece of scrap but installtion engg torned off the outer packing box at the time of intallation and demo, so couldn't return it even. It is the big mistake that i have bought this.Bought this becaue of brand boat but experience turned out to be very badREAD MORE",1.0
"Bass is more than expected, clear & loud  sound. Highly recommended.READ MORE",4.0
Super QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous & Amazing Soundbar in 5KGot this great deal in the Monsoon Sale of FlipkartThrilling Cinematic Sound ExperienceBass Is Too GoodVocals Are Damn ClearYou can also do parties with the help of this soundbar..Great Product By Boat..If you want to purchase it... don't think to much..just grab it..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"The sound is not upto the mark. While Bluetooth is connected you can hardly hear the sound even at maximum volume, and when directly connected it’s better but best in giving the sound output in a 16 feet hall. I’d suggest to go for higher output device for a good sound experience.READ MORE",2.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing i love it thanks flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
It all about bassREAD MORE,4.0
Osm product U guys plz buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
It's so goodREAD MORE,5.0
AsomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
If ur bass lover ! well look no further just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound bar in the priceREAD MORE,5.0
Tanks flipcardREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb sound ,I feel like theater in my home .best ever one. Thanks boat, I searched so many, finally decided this is the best.READ MORE",5.0
"The sounds bar is awesome also it has a great loud sounds including treble and the bass box provides the decent bass quality means nice mixing built it sound output features, i really like every single feature as well looks also the space it needeed to be installed, if u want experience the best sound quality then connect through AUX cable to ur pc or mobile or whatever that is compatible of aux cable.. i m disappointed just for one cause it doesn't has the option to connect through cables di...READ MORE",4.0
To goodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It's a review after 9 month Usages and believe me it's killing. It's a budget damn good.READ MORE,5.0
OsamREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality sound effects and nice product materialREAD MORE,5.0
ExellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Outstanding bass...,😘😘😘READ MORE",5.0
wasteREAD MORE,1.0
Get it at just 4000rs.Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
A nice sound bar for homeREAD MORE,5.0
This is a very good soundbar this sound bar sound clarity asome and delivery  to goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality sound and value for money 💰 bass quality osm..READ MORE,5.0
Bad soundREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Wow super sound . good product. No1 boat 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Pathetic sound quality, especially when connected to smart tv. Sound is not clear and low. Better go for some other product of a better brand. I wanted to return this piece of scrap but installtion engg torned off the outer packing box at the time of intallation and demo, so couldn't return it even. It is the big mistake that i have bought this.Bought this becaue of brand boat but experience turned out to be very badREAD MORE",1.0
"Bass is more than expected, clear & loud  sound. Highly recommended.READ MORE",4.0
Super QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous & Amazing Soundbar in 5KGot this great deal in the Monsoon Sale of FlipkartThrilling Cinematic Sound ExperienceBass Is Too GoodVocals Are Damn ClearYou can also do parties with the help of this soundbar..Great Product By Boat..If you want to purchase it... don't think to much..just grab it..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"The sound is not upto the mark. While Bluetooth is connected you can hardly hear the sound even at maximum volume, and when directly connected it’s better but best in giving the sound output in a 16 feet hall. I’d suggest to go for higher output device for a good sound experience.READ MORE",2.0
Super bassREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowing i love it thanks flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Good quality sound.. good bass.. looks stylish...READ MORE,5.0
one of the best Sound Bar Ever... for Mid range budget people...... worth to purchase.....READ MORE,5.0
"It's an amazing product ,I liked itREAD MORE",5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
The product is good. Treble is high. Punching bass. But the installation is very bad. They just wall mounted the product without measuring the surrounding and improperly fitted it. Afterwards I fitted the product with my own technicians.READ MORE,5.0
"Connecting Issues, Bad Connections HDMI Cable Properly Not Working Too Many Connecting Issues Please Solve This ProblemsREAD MORE",2.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Average audio. Expected a bit more because of the 5 star reviews. At this price(5.5k), it's good.READ MORE",3.0
Supar 👍👍👌👌READ MORE,4.0
Very Very nice 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Tanks flipcardREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb sound ,I feel like theater in my home .best ever one. Thanks boat, I searched so many, finally decided this is the best.READ MORE",5.0
"The sounds bar is awesome also it has a great loud sounds including treble and the bass box provides the decent bass quality means nice mixing built it sound output features, i really like every single feature as well looks also the space it needeed to be installed, if u want experience the best sound quality then connect through AUX cable to ur pc or mobile or whatever that is compatible of aux cable.. i m disappointed just for one cause it doesn't has the option to connect through cables di...READ MORE",4.0
Jst loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is good but when connected to Aux cable output is bad. Must address this issueREAD MORE,4.0
Main thing sound quality is good i bought this for 3999/- during in special offer thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
With in 1 month use damagedREAD MORE,1.0
Bass is really good.Sound output is ok ok ... Not very loud...Soundbar build is good and looks very premium.Overall value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Really awesome its bass only bass wow it turn my house into theatre. This bar is not available in my area so I ordered  it from flipkart fast delivery fast installation by jeeves expert .thank u flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound system worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connection fully third classREAD MORE,2.0
It's Bass speaker is not much use ableREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product for boss liversREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is good but there is lot of issues with subwoofer its automatically disconnected from sound bar again take time.too much time to connect..only connectivity issue is there rest you will mot regret about sound bass and all the things but only connectivity issueREAD MORE,5.0
Very very good and sound 🔊 quality is very best 👍READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product but some what charging problem i love this product..😍READ MORE,5.0
Good product..READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Sound is not as expected..Only for soft listeners..Cant be used for party..Overall i am not satisfied as I wanted something for in-house party purpose.READ MORE,3.0
low bassREAD MORE,3.0
The soundbar is not working. It has just been 4 months since I purchased it. What kind of cheap product are you guys selling?READ MORE,1.0
Boat Aavante 2000 the main advantage is its 160 w soundbar at low price. The. Sub woofer is wireless. The quality of sound is best with HDMI ARC. No support for Dolby digital. The bass is awesome. When i try to connect with HDMI ARC sometimes it will work other time it wont. Disappointed with HDMI ARCREAD MORE,3.0
Great purchase! Best sound-bar at this price range.I am contented with the product.Just go for it. You will not regret.READ MORE,5.0
"using since 5 days it is awesome however two things i don't like about is remote quality and bass button after selecting -5 (minimum) still bass is coming out., I have to manually remove the connection from soundbar sometimes if i have to reduce the bass.READ MORE",4.0
"Enjoying d music, Happy 🙂READ MORE",5.0
Good boatREAD MORE,5.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality everyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best at this price..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
After 30 day reviewGreat sound and bass in such a priceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happy with this sounds bar....go for it guys.! Build quality is osm👍👍👍... worth itREAD MORE,5.0
"Great product if you love the bass .  Other than that the vocals are not clear sometimes because of the bass If you are a guy who likes to watch movies then You need to think twice before buying this , And when you connect bluetooth there are some volume issues  When I am trying to reduce the volume it will go too low and if I increase the volume just one point  then the volume is too high it only happens when using bluetooth so it's better to use HDMI arc to connect . Aux Sound is too low do...READ MORE",5.0
Worst productREAD MORE,2.0
Good n best one for the price but has hissing sounds at high volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money product...READ MORE,5.0
"Hi i am writing this review after I have used this for 5 months. Awesome product good sound experience with the boat, it is the best at sound Audio products, feel like theatre effect in my home, no other Audio system can beat at this price...if u want to buy this product just blindly go for it...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Bass and Value For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good service 5 starsREAD MORE,5.0
Very very very best soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Sounds r so slowREAD MORE,2.0
Very cool productREAD MORE,5.0
Omg superb sound bass is very high level Amezing i cant expect this sound quality I love bass bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good product .READ MORE,3.0
Best sound bar in this price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
"On full sound, the roof,door,glass,grills were tremblingREAD MORE",5.0
Nice sound bar Cristal clear soundREAD MORE,4.0
"Good for small size room, sound quality is good for this price, bad customer service from Flipkart, best time to buy is only during sale, else price variation is more, no aux port, Bluetooth connectivity range is minimal, overall okREAD MORE",1.0
Great product with perfect prizing. But remember this is not a perfect 5.1 home theatre. Don't think that you'll be blown away with this musicREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent.. bought at 120 w 4500 rs only in offer time..READ MORE,5.0
The Sound quality is awesome 😍..........The Bass And the treble balance is also very good. The built quality is also good.READ MORE,5.0
NYC productREAD MORE,5.0
Very low quality product.It’s waste of moneyREAD MORE,2.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product but some what charging problem i love this product..😍READ MORE,5.0
Good product..READ MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Satisfied with the excellent sound quality.Peeviously I purchased a infinity 200 soundbar,but was not happy with the treble,it was rich in bass but finer sou ds were not very appreciable.then i returned the infinity soundbar and purchased this boat soundbar.Now am happy with it.READ MORE",5.0
It's truly a masterpiece at this price.Build quality - 9/10Sound - 10/10Bass - 9/10Packaging - 10/10Bluetooth connectivity - 10/10Boat brand has been hitting sixes after sixes in the audio segment. Sound clarity is superb and it's refined to the best possible level. Bass is also excellent. It completely booms up a room size of 16x25ft. Decent remote is given along with the the product. Bluetooth connectivity is great.READ MORE,5.0
Worst product completely dispointedREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Best quality sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Please don't buy any boat product..... worst service... stopped working after 3 months..... Don't waste your money.......READ MORE,1.0
"It's Awesome, well we should promote Indian Products.READ MORE",5.0
Hanging problemREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Best quality everyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best at this price..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
After 30 day reviewGreat sound and bass in such a priceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happy with this sounds bar....go for it guys.! Build quality is osm👍👍👍... worth itREAD MORE,5.0
"Great product if you love the bass .  Other than that the vocals are not clear sometimes because of the bass If you are a guy who likes to watch movies then You need to think twice before buying this , And when you connect bluetooth there are some volume issues  When I am trying to reduce the volume it will go too low and if I increase the volume just one point  then the volume is too high it only happens when using bluetooth so it's better to use HDMI arc to connect . Aux Sound is too low do...READ MORE",5.0
Worst productREAD MORE,2.0
Good n best one for the price but has hissing sounds at high volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Good but not much soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent soundbar.READ MORE,5.0
Best audio brand and it's an Indian brandREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in it's price 8k.sound quality is fine.. More clearity.. Bass awesome.. Treble is less somewhere..  connecting with led tv it make feel sound quality of theatre.. But in 3d sound I couldn't make difference. Overall I m happy with it.READ MORE,4.0
Best soundbar super bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Installed is very poorREAD MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,4.0
Best in the rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Overall performance of the speaker is quite good for the price.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
I am so happy to receive this product. Sound quality 10out of 10. Highly recommended for buying.READ MORE,5.0
"Good product,Nice bassREAD MORE",5.0
"Its a steal considering the price I paid for it with an offer. Definitely worth considering if you are looking to enhance audio output of your TV. I won't say its sophisticated or best around, but for the price its the best sound bar you can buy. But please do make sure it is compatible with your TV or yy TV has the features/ports to connect to it. The HDMI ARC did not work for my LG TV, even though it has a HDMI port specifically marked as ARC. So I had to but an optical cable to use it with...READ MORE",4.0
Awesome product. Loving the bass and the thumping sound coming from my Sony LED TV.READ MORE,5.0
ExpensiveREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Supper bass soundREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is very fine but the bass is little bit low...... If the bass shoud be more than now then it will be to sexy....READ MORE,4.0
good sarvice thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Jast data fatiREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,4.0
Reached expectations..READ MORE,5.0
Battery backup is not working at allREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Satisfied with the excellent sound quality.Peeviously I purchased a infinity 200 soundbar,but was not happy with the treble,it was rich in bass but finer sou ds were not very appreciable.then i returned the infinity soundbar and purchased this boat soundbar.Now am happy with it.READ MORE",5.0
It's truly a masterpiece at this price.Build quality - 9/10Sound - 10/10Bass - 9/10Packaging - 10/10Bluetooth connectivity - 10/10Boat brand has been hitting sixes after sixes in the audio segment. Sound clarity is superb and it's refined to the best possible level. Bass is also excellent. It completely booms up a room size of 16x25ft. Decent remote is given along with the the product. Bluetooth connectivity is great.READ MORE,5.0
Worst product completely dispointedREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Best quality sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Please don't buy any boat product..... worst service... stopped working after 3 months..... Don't waste your money.......READ MORE,1.0
"It's Awesome, well we should promote Indian Products.READ MORE",5.0
Hanging problemREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Product was very bad and sound is very badREAD MORE,2.0
"Great product from boat family. More than i expected.  Sounds and bass awesome when connected to bluetooth. If u want good result from this product, I recommend make sure bluetooth connectivity. What about AUX ?? it's just ok, that's allREAD MORE",4.0
nice sound effectREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"For  🔊 BASS LOVERS ❤️❤️.I loved the build quality of the soundbar, Excellent qualityMust buy it. BOAT (MADE IN INDIA)READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality ...READ MORE,5.0
Fabulous product from boat. The bass is nice and sound is quite balance. Go for it if u are a true sound lover. I got this product at 4499 .Thank you Flipkart for quick delivery.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI doesn't support properly and also Bluetooth after that  very difficult to contact their customers like impossible.READ MORE,1.0
Want mini display of aux btREAD MORE,3.0
Very bad soundREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product in it's price 8k.sound quality is fine.. More clearity.. Bass awesome.. Treble is less somewhere..  connecting with led tv it make feel sound quality of theatre.. But in 3d sound I couldn't make difference. Overall I m happy with it.READ MORE,4.0
Best soundbar super bass qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Installed is very poorREAD MORE,3.0
greatREAD MORE,4.0
Best in the rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Overall performance of the speaker is quite good for the price.READ MORE,5.0
Must buy fabulous product ! Love itREAD MORE,4.0
Can't fix aux cable rather there is no aux cable in the pack. Rest is good sond is impressive...READ MORE,4.0
Bad product .. rate is high..READ MORE,1.0
Very poor bass I am not satisfied from Bass. Money wastage product.READ MORE,2.0
Good sound...READ MORE,4.0
"Good item, superb sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
"Value for money. Bass is mind blowing. This sound bar better than SoNy, JBLREAD MORE",5.0
Gud excellentREAD MORE,5.0
All qualitys are so good overall super productREAD MORE,5.0
perfect systemREAD MORE,5.0
premium quality speakers at a reasonable price.READ MORE,5.0
Loving every bit of it. It bought life to homeREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this speakers in 5499 it's worth every single penny.. great sound quality bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is good.Bass also good.Over all sound/bass/terrible balance is good.I don't find any battery in this.READ MORE,5.0
Bass was amazing performanceREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound this review is after 3monthsREAD MORE,3.0
Boat Wireless Soundbar is unbelievable Performer.Buy It without Giving a Second thought.It will Rock your living areaREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall very good. Bass is very nice. Paisa wosool. Needs improvement in connectivity of HDMI ARC. Got an trick self of hdmi arc connection with mi 4c led tv. Bluetooth connectivity is too fast.READ MORE,4.0
BoAt at its best !!!!READ MORE,5.0
Excellent no wordsREAD MORE,3.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product. Sound quality is very bad as well as durability is bad. The product stopped working after some time and it is going to be very difficult to claim warranty. AVOID THIS PRODUCT.READ MORE,1.0
"Bass is very very good. I had purchased 80 watt sound bar, sound quality is this bar is very goodREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is average. Also audio sync problem with Mi TV 4XREAD MORE,3.0
Good product Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
No Bluetooth available in bar.READ MORE,1.0
It’s amazing.In short it’s value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It delivers quality if your thinking to buy under this budget this is the best I recommend to buy who love bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product , and money have been savedREAD MORE",5.0
Good product thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous  product.. awesome bass and sound quality.. ❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
"This is a very good purchase delivering better than what I expected for the price. Doesn't do anything groundbreaking but whatever it does, it does with precision. Bass is not bad and enhances the sound way better than what it was on tv.READ MORE",5.0
"First thanks for flipkart, that i bought a product at best platform of online purchase! I'm buying this product Rs.3799,im satisfied with this product for my televisionREAD MORE",5.0
"Sad reality, the soundbar fails to work with the right side speakers after 15-20 days of use.  It's operating with just one side speakers.. .... Support team of boat does not respond to emails, unable to connect the call support of boat, it's always busy.Think before you purchaseREAD MORE",1.0
Good best i brought 4500 120WREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,3.0
First one thanks to flip kart one day delivery and next day installation .👍👍👍 BoAt Aavante 1200 worth super I'm happy 👌👌👌👌.READ MORE,5.0
Its super . I say to tamil. Romba super a iruku semma sound boat soundbar its awesome thanks to flipkart. Sound bass awesome next levelREAD MORE,5.0
It has very high volume and amazing bass. Even you can get amazing bass at very low volume. I recommend boat over jbl because jbl have wireless connectivity issue.. i love this product and doing review after using appox a year.READ MORE,5.0
Very good sound quality Best option in this priseREAD MORE,4.0
"posting my comments post 2 months of usage , Amazing sound quality treble and bass within the budget <10k , I think this is a perfect soundbar for small parties within 200 ft room , mindblowing bass effects and treble sound ,.just go for itREAD MORE",5.0
Best productsREAD MORE,5.0
Mass oneREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Connectivity problemREAD MORE,3.0
All qualitys are so good overall super productREAD MORE,5.0
perfect systemREAD MORE,5.0
premium quality speakers at a reasonable price.READ MORE,5.0
Loving every bit of it. It bought life to homeREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this speakers in 5499 it's worth every single penny.. great sound quality bass is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Super itemREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Really goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass sound quality is ok enough for small roomREAD MORE,4.0
Verry Bad Quality Dont Buy ..READ MORE,1.0
Best sound bar in the market.Those who want more bass they can enjoy like a theatre.READ MORE,5.0
Decent product But instilation not good bad experence for instilation .When instilation doing ask for all ? He will not tel any thing bolt sound bar was good but worest instilationREAD MORE,5.0
Super QualityAwesome But connect failed BluetoothREAD MORE,3.0
Best one in this segment..but befor going towards purchase be sure about your room size. Purchase accordingly .READ MORE,5.0
"Damn only sound bar is too loud that i can even hear it on road. Damn loud, woofer produced bass soo good . FULL MARKSREAD MORE",5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product. Sound quality is very bad as well as durability is bad. The product stopped working after some time and it is going to be very difficult to claim warranty. AVOID THIS PRODUCT.READ MORE,1.0
"Bass is very very good. I had purchased 80 watt sound bar, sound quality is this bar is very goodREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is average. Also audio sync problem with Mi TV 4XREAD MORE,3.0
Good product Nice soundREAD MORE,4.0
No Bluetooth available in bar.READ MORE,1.0
It’s amazing.In short it’s value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It delivers quality if your thinking to buy under this budget this is the best I recommend to buy who love bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product , and money have been savedREAD MORE",5.0
Good product thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous  product.. awesome bass and sound quality.. ❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Best sound  barREAD MORE,4.0
Super bass high quality volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Super Bass kdk prodactREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you filpkartREAD MORE,4.0
Soni nice  soundbarMy name is sujay......jainREAD MORE,5.0
Really gud product 120w I can't explain in a words this is an goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for moneyGood product, purchased for 3500 both sound bar and woofer.Recommended for music  lovers in this price rangeREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best In This Price range Sound Is really Awesome 👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good product soundREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Product. Worth every PennyREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesome...READ MORE,5.0
Value for money..  best in this class..READ MORE,4.0
Its awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Great product. Feels like seating in movie theatre. Sound quality amazing.READ MORE,5.0
Good system & good sound output.READ MORE,5.0
Very good.. sound with powerful bass and remote.. Best part is  no wire between wofar and sound barREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic productREAD MORE,4.0
It’s Amazing No comparative other sound bar. Just buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
I just love this it gives you amazing and wow feeling the look is premium and serves the purpose beautifully.READ MORE,5.0
"First i received 2.1version Bluetooth model and same subwoofer connectivity issues.. I too sad.  So returned for replacement .  Now got Bluetooth 5.0 version and subwoofer good. Nice product.  No connectivity issues. Now happy.  Budget product... (Initially i compared lots of product before buy this, you can buy this surely 200% good.)READ MORE",5.0
Good than expectedREAD MORE,5.0
Good product and HDMI ARC MODE NOT WORKING LG smart TVREAD MORE,4.0
Best soundbar I ever seenREAD MORE,5.0
Supperrbbbb..... I m happy.....READ MORE,5.0
Super sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Wow amazing Bass  For hi bass loversBeat the expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
good product but no battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Product was good but installation service was very badREAD MORE,5.0
"It built in a good quality n design is also good , sound is clear n nice , bass is also good but m lil bit disappoint due to its lacking in with tv’ video n audio mismatch, audio comes late than video, lip matching is mismatching., according to me it’s not a perfect thing if u want perfection .READ MORE",3.0
"I'm writing this after 15days of usage--Straight to cons of this product - 1. Default volume level is very low. Every time need to increase the volume whenever we switch it on. 2. Remote frequency is very poor. Sometime, it doesn't even work, need to be in prefect straight line with soundbar in order to increase or decrease the volume. Also, the remote range is very very low. 3. If you mute your TV for more 1mintue, then soundbar turnoff automatically. Which is very very  very annoying b...READ MORE",3.0
Good And clear sound not Dolby or surround but good enough to likeREAD MORE,4.0
Sound Effects are AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything ok but Bluetooth problem voice and video clips lips variation is there, I can't believe this is in boat that's what only 2star.READ MORE",2.0
All I say is that product is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"I am using last one month, total sound is very good but base  it's ok worth for money.READ MORE",5.0
Bad ProductREAD MORE,1.0
Good and clear sound base is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent 👌👌🆗👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Very bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice, nice bass and sound valibale for money tanx boat and flipkartREAD MORE",4.0
"Product got compliant within 1 month of use,registered compliant on boat website and waiting more than 2 month, guys seriously they never reply our mails,even not register compliant, one of the worst seriveREAD MORE",1.0
Very very very jand productsREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Super product but service center too bad I hate boat service centerREAD MORE,5.0
Good!READ MORE,5.0
Very good product....sound quality very nice....READ MORE,5.0
Thank you filpkartREAD MORE,4.0
Soni nice  soundbarMy name is sujay......jainREAD MORE,5.0
Really gud product 120w I can't explain in a words this is an goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for moneyGood product, purchased for 3500 both sound bar and woofer.Recommended for music  lovers in this price rangeREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best In This Price range Sound Is really Awesome 👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good product soundREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Product. Worth every PennyREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesome...READ MORE,5.0
Value for money..  best in this class..READ MORE,4.0
Its awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Great product. Feels like seating in movie theatre. Sound quality amazing.READ MORE,5.0
Good system & good sound output.READ MORE,5.0
Very good.. sound with powerful bass and remote.. Best part is  no wire between wofar and sound barREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic productREAD MORE,4.0
It’s Amazing No comparative other sound bar. Just buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
I just love this it gives you amazing and wow feeling the look is premium and serves the purpose beautifully.READ MORE,5.0
"First i received 2.1version Bluetooth model and same subwoofer connectivity issues.. I too sad.  So returned for replacement .  Now got Bluetooth 5.0 version and subwoofer good. Nice product.  No connectivity issues. Now happy.  Budget product... (Initially i compared lots of product before buy this, you can buy this surely 200% good.)READ MORE",5.0
Nice product by boat and excellent installation by flipkart specialistREAD MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good bar ❤️❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Great at Rs5KREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic sound bar.... Stylish design... Best for 10×10 room.... No overpower bass... Clear sound even on full volume... Fitted to my Sony Bravia tv... Working well...READ MORE,5.0
"Low sound ,poor sound quality, poor bass,not worthableREAD MORE",1.0
Awesome quality...READ MORE,4.0
Good sound 🥰🥰READ MORE,4.0
So nice piduguREAD MORE,5.0
"it stopped working only after 08 days of installation. no authorised service center in the locality. no response from the customer care team through email. online complaint page does not work properly. automated customer call center won't help to lodge a claim of replacement warranty. FLIPKART MUST BE CAREFUL FOR THESE PRODUCTS WHICH ARE ADVERSLY AFFECTING ITS REPUTATION. My dear buyers, be aware.READ MORE",1.0
Overall product is good but when connecting to tv every time we have to increase  volume of speaker. After off its volume again reset a intial volume.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome purchase, but manufacturing label & yearNot found.  So, i think its OLD PRODUCT. POWERPIN IS SHAKING in new product itself.  Quality Issues are there. Otherwise life ? I don't know.Better go for MOTOROLLA sound BAR.READ MORE",4.0
Parches this item this rate not good soundREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent BassREAD MORE,5.0
In this range this is perfect ...Amazing bass n sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Clearity .Loudly Basss...Basss bassss.Amazing Sound ..Loved It.Thnx Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Waste of money. Third class instrumentREAD MORE,1.0
It is enough if you have a small room. It provides a heavy bass and clear sound even in high volume. The problem I felt is that it does not have an led display. It only has an indicator. You will get better performance when is connected with aux. Bluetooth have a little lag.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product by boat, perfect for bass lovers, connectivity good,good build quality.READ MORE",5.0
"Product got compliant within 1 month of use,registered compliant on boat website and waiting more than 2 month, guys seriously they never reply our mails,even not register compliant, one of the worst seriveREAD MORE",1.0
Very very very jand productsREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Super product but service center too bad I hate boat service centerREAD MORE,5.0
Good!READ MORE,5.0
Very good product....sound quality very nice....READ MORE,5.0
Nice superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
It has good voice clarity with heavy bass. Just loved it.READ MORE,5.0
The sound quality is very nice and bass is just amazing.. Music lovers would definitely be enjoying this product..READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality was very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"There is no product releases boss sound in this rate ,l got it offer 4850  only   better to buy in 5000 range ,there is no Dolby audio sound  any thing feel beter thanks flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
"Satisfied with the boat 80w soundbar, balanced bass. Flipkart transferred to (delhivery company) to deliver, btw fast with nice packaging.Speaker need to configure treble and bass according to room (for best experience). Tested on Phone Bluetooth and aux cable with pc, same performance on both. 4 modes present on remote. Movie mode has high bass, music mode is balanced, news for treble, 3d is good but not satisfy.Jeeves installation boy was professional enough and very quick, well fitte...READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Best speaker of the worldREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Many many thanks to flipkart and boat ⛵READ MORE,5.0
"Good Product, satisfiedREAD MORE",4.0
Bluetooth range is not good and sometimes facing a problem with Bluetooth device. But the sound quality is awesome at this price I really fall in loveREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Installation not properREAD MORE,1.0
"Design and build quality is awesome.I brought it tomorrow, phenomenal sound quality.Its too loud man 🔥💯 .Thank you Boat India for this lovely product ♥️ .I m goona loving it and totally value for money product.READ MORE",5.0
Amazing experience with the sound and build quality......A must buy in this price range.....LOVED IT.READ MORE,5.0
Best Price and best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"The best thing I like about this sound bar is the Bass Effect, and then the classy look which steals the eye of every person and the room. However options for the sound should be more to adjust such as rock music, pop music etc. Overall good only for Bass lovers.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product.. I have been using it from past 20 days and it gives you premium sound outstanding bass ... Connectivity is excellent.. very good design and build quality .. I suggest you to buy this without any confusion.READ MORE,4.0
The sound quality is nowhere close to what I expected. I bought this product after having used other boat products and had high expectations for the product. The product is aesthetically pleasing but does not deliver on the sound quality. There is slight but noticeable noise in the output and the sound simply does not feel full. The sound is also very much unidirectional. There is lack of calibration that you'll notice when you'll play anything that's not bass heavy. If you have a TV with t...READ MORE,2.0
Super sound and bass super... finally goodREAD MORE,5.0
Great at Rs5KREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic sound bar.... Stylish design... Best for 10×10 room.... No overpower bass... Clear sound even on full volume... Fitted to my Sony Bravia tv... Working well...READ MORE,5.0
"Low sound ,poor sound quality, poor bass,not worthableREAD MORE",1.0
Awesome quality...READ MORE,4.0
Good sound 🥰🥰READ MORE,4.0
So nice piduguREAD MORE,5.0
"it stopped working only after 08 days of installation. no authorised service center in the locality. no response from the customer care team through email. online complaint page does not work properly. automated customer call center won't help to lodge a claim of replacement warranty. FLIPKART MUST BE CAREFUL FOR THESE PRODUCTS WHICH ARE ADVERSLY AFFECTING ITS REPUTATION. My dear buyers, be aware.READ MORE",1.0
Overall product is good but when connecting to tv every time we have to increase  volume of speaker. After off its volume again reset a intial volume.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome purchase, but manufacturing label & yearNot found.  So, i think its OLD PRODUCT. POWERPIN IS SHAKING in new product itself.  Quality Issues are there. Otherwise life ? I don't know.Better go for MOTOROLLA sound BAR.READ MORE",4.0
Parches this item this rate not good soundREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent BassREAD MORE,5.0
In this range this is perfect ...Amazing bass n sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Superb Clearity .Loudly Basss...Basss bassss.Amazing Sound ..Loved It.Thnx Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Waste of money. Third class instrumentREAD MORE,1.0
It is enough if you have a small room. It provides a heavy bass and clear sound even in high volume. The problem I felt is that it does not have an led display. It only has an indicator. You will get better performance when is connected with aux. Bluetooth have a little lag.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product by boat, perfect for bass lovers, connectivity good,good build quality.READ MORE",5.0
Sound quality is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Best buy on your budget.READ MORE,4.0
BetterREAD MORE,4.0
"After using 30 days, I am writing this review, sound quality 9/10,bass 10/10 terrible 9/10,overall this is the best sound bar,,Go for it without hesitation.......READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"I received this product on 1 July 2020. And today on 07/09/2020, it suddenly stopped functioning. Flipkart is also not  extending any support.READ MORE",1.0
"Nearly good, i purchase it in 3999, if u want to buy for occasions then buy more than 80wattREAD MORE",4.0
Nice work and good lookingREAD MORE,4.0
Sound bar is great.  Slim and stylish. It would have been much better if it has more connectivity options. I got the problem with remote and raised the case and still trying to figure out how can I get a response and replacement for remote. But overall satisfied with the product in this price..READ MORE,5.0
Super and sound is so goodREAD MORE,5.0
Hdmi is not working But speaker is very good design sounds are Extraordinary 3d Effect is very nice I Love ItREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Worthy product 💯READ MORE,4.0
It's amazing. Royal sound with heartbeating bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, THANK YOU boatREAD MORE",5.0
Poor connectivity Its take to much time to connect with my t.v. n my mobileREAD MORE,2.0
It is a good product and the Base is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Using it from last 2 weeksIts a great deal Awesome sound quality80 watt is enough for home useWith no doubt go for it...you will love it....Keep Rocking BOAtREAD MORE,5.0
It is very good sound worthy for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product from boatREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome purchase.Brilliant sound quality.Flipkart was amazing with its delivery, however the installation service provider Jeeves sucks. Delivery came in a couple of days, but the installation engineer took more time. Multiple service support calls and a lot of persuasion was needed for getting it up and running as the warranty is void if installation is done on our own.Sound quality is second to none and for a living room of 14*12feet, it is excellent. I play everything on less than half...READ MORE",5.0
Good sound clarityModel building superbBT Connection is superbREAD MORE,4.0
Bes superREAD MORE,5.0
Super QualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best Price and best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"The best thing I like about this sound bar is the Bass Effect, and then the classy look which steals the eye of every person and the room. However options for the sound should be more to adjust such as rock music, pop music etc. Overall good only for Bass lovers.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product.. I have been using it from past 20 days and it gives you premium sound outstanding bass ... Connectivity is excellent.. very good design and build quality .. I suggest you to buy this without any confusion.READ MORE,4.0
The sound quality is nowhere close to what I expected. I bought this product after having used other boat products and had high expectations for the product. The product is aesthetically pleasing but does not deliver on the sound quality. There is slight but noticeable noise in the output and the sound simply does not feel full. The sound is also very much unidirectional. There is lack of calibration that you'll notice when you'll play anything that's not bass heavy. If you have a TV with t...READ MORE,2.0
Super sound and bass super... finally goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Superb BassREAD MORE,4.0
Base is excellent at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product bass is just awesome... Sound quality is also very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperrrREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product and sound quality also good, Bass is too good....😍❤️READ MORE",5.0
It is an awesome product in this range.READ MORE,5.0
Best product sounds is bestREAD MORE,5.0
Just wowww when u found a great sound experience with boom bass must buy you fill like real theater experience with this product just awesome 😊READ MORE,5.0
Asom sound bar quality very very good sound and bass super no words quality and soundREAD MORE,5.0
Overall is good but its made in ChinaREAD MORE,4.0
Bass and trebule ia amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Bought it 3 months back for 5000. It was 120W version . It's an amazing soundbar with sub woofer for your home theatre or LED. I loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 👌 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Super quality amazing sound speed delivered thankyou flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product. The only thing is it operates through remote only. We can not even start the soundbar without remote.READ MORE,5.0
"In flipcart sale I purchased this boat speaker and loved it, sound was awesome, no doubt go for it, based on your happy size select the wattREAD MORE",1.0
Too good in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"I received this product on 1 July 2020. And today on 07/09/2020, it suddenly stopped functioning. Flipkart is also not  extending any support.READ MORE",1.0
"Nearly good, i purchase it in 3999, if u want to buy for occasions then buy more than 80wattREAD MORE",4.0
Nice work and good lookingREAD MORE,4.0
best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Item was excellent working , but the delivery through flip cart is very poorREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
No battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing buy at this price. I would recommed everyone to just go for it. It will take your movie or music experience at home to next level.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
New quality remoteREAD MORE,4.0
"Reviewing it after Using this for more than a month,ProsGood DesignGood wireless ConnectivityBass was  good and extremely satisfiedConsPoor treble sound quality (movie voiceovers not clearly audioble)Should have to choose the AUX,USB,etc modes manually everytime.READ MORE",3.0
I used For Only One month After One Month Product was not getting onREAD MORE,1.0
"Boat 2000 sound bar I purchased at august 8th, terrific  sound, vocals, and thumping bass, my hall will at full volume.  Really super product, I am very happy. But surround sound will not expected, another every thing amazingREAD MORE",5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
"It is good for music, but in movies the sound clarity is not at par. Also, even in low base settings the audio sounds very heavy. Gets squeaky on increasing treble. Still trying to find the perfect setting.READ MORE",3.0
"Sound is good. But, for woofer no wall mount is available. You have to keep it down on a table top or something. HDMI PORT is not available.READ MORE",5.0
"Only bass, no any aspect other sound qualityREAD MORE",4.0
Super product at 4000 rsREAD MORE,5.0
Simply Awesome 🎼👍🎵✌️🎶🤘READ MORE,5.0
Woofer is more louder than main sound so main song loudness is slightly lower so song is not that much clear to listenREAD MORE,4.0
Worth of paying this product... (Note: i purchase at the time of offer period. Now this rate of value increased..READ MORE,5.0
"Just Awesome, no second thought..go for itREAD MORE",4.0
Pros: wireless - loving it.Good quality sound at 7000price.Nice base. Nice all type of connectivity.Cons: sound a little bit low than surrounding music.Deep base not that much. But overall bass is good.Sometimes sound get automatically increase or decrease.READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality osam*****5 only news channel sound quality****4READ MORE,4.0
Awesome quality with great soundOnly concern is remote having poor quality sensor.READ MORE,5.0
100/100.  HeavyREAD MORE,5.0
Best in the categoryREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound quality in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
More than expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is superb but there is some lag in bluetooth connection...but it's negligible..overall good product under 4000 Rs..READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
I'm a singer and i ordered it thinking it will have sole vocals it has only treble and bass....very less vocal....it's good for people who listen to only dance numbers else it's average..READ MORE,3.0
Good bass nice soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product .. . Juz wow ....READ MORE,5.0
Sound is good but not excellentREAD MORE,3.0
Good sound effects...READ MORE,5.0
"This is good product at this price range..but only problem with Bluetooth ,sometimes it get connected quickly sometimes doesn't.. otherwise happy with sound quality and price bracketREAD MORE",4.0
Awesome purchase....Nice ....READ MORE,5.0
Premium sound and effective bass also great 3d moodREAD MORE,5.0
Blue tooth connectivity is poor and aux cable is too small I returnd and received new one that too blue tooth performance is too bad never buy boat this modelREAD MORE,1.0
After 1 year use...Great sound Quality 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩READ MORE,5.0
Simply super wonderful experience works better when placed in correct placeREAD MORE,5.0
Good bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Its a great gadget for that price,, really happy and feel worth every penny,, one must use good quality cable for x' llent audio out put,,the arc HDMI slot is use less since most HD tvs have only HDMI  cable provisions,,  a good quality aux cable gives amazing reception.. Buy with out a second though..READ MORE",4.0
"Basically I like the product very much. You may feel why the rating is 1, I wanted to highlight installation. The installation person doesn't know how to fix it on wall and Connect to TV and He simply saying it will support only bluetooth, not for the TV. Later he realised and said that it supports TV. I noticed that he dont have enough knowledge on how to plug it and operate. He said blindly you've to buy the new cable from outside market, the Cable  provided with item will not be suppo...READ MORE",1.0
Good SoundsREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth connectivity issue other than product was goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product sound super bREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
best sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Item was excellent working , but the delivery through flip cart is very poorREAD MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
No battery backupREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing buy at this price. I would recommed everyone to just go for it. It will take your movie or music experience at home to next level.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
New quality remoteREAD MORE,4.0
"Reviewing it after Using this for more than a month,ProsGood DesignGood wireless ConnectivityBass was  good and extremely satisfiedConsPoor treble sound quality (movie voiceovers not clearly audioble)Should have to choose the AUX,USB,etc modes manually everytime.READ MORE",3.0
I used For Only One month After One Month Product was not getting onREAD MORE,1.0
"Boat 2000 sound bar I purchased at august 8th, terrific  sound, vocals, and thumping bass, my hall will at full volume.  Really super product, I am very happy. But surround sound will not expected, another every thing amazingREAD MORE",5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
"It is good for music, but in movies the sound clarity is not at par. Also, even in low base settings the audio sounds very heavy. Gets squeaky on increasing treble. Still trying to find the perfect setting.READ MORE",3.0
"Sound is good. But, for woofer no wall mount is available. You have to keep it down on a table top or something. HDMI PORT is not available.READ MORE",5.0
"Only bass, no any aspect other sound qualityREAD MORE",4.0
Freaking awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Sound effect.. its Amazing. Also Dolby sound supported. Very nice sound bar in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
This price range really goodREAD MORE,4.0
It is a great product and performance is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Best in class, this 160 w sound bar i bought it for 6999/-READ MORE",4.0
"Worth for money,  good prodict for this price range,  i got in good offer, thanks flipcart my favorite shopping patner,READ MORE",5.0
Its subwoofer not working after 2months dont buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality super bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass and sound quality good but the only problem is with wire, it is very short difficult to pluginREAD MORE",4.0
Sound quality is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Bad assembledREAD MORE,1.0
The sound quality is not good at all. Better go for other brandsREAD MORE,2.0
good one I by 3600 only in festivalREAD MORE,5.0
Bass lovers will get addicted to it with bluetooth connectivity u will get the best bass with nice music player appREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome product every thing is quite well sound, design, connectivity and mode. Loudness can be little issue.  other wise best in class.READ MORE",4.0
"Everything is great but I always have to disconnect and reconnect everytime I start it.During first connection, the audio misses out every 5 seconds and playback speed is also reduced.After reconnecting, it is what you expect it to be. Definitely a problem but I am still happy with the product.READ MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Gud product I am buying to 3600READ MORE,4.0
So disapointed....sound quality good but connectivity worst....to take long time to connecting...don't buy.READ MORE,1.0
Gud & bass super... QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"The kind off reviews mentioned under this product influenced me to consider it among other product.Well I am not very convinced on the sound specially the bass, after a certain level bass is very impressive and doesn't meet up your expectations.how  the treble impacting overall  experience unable to  unidentified all the time is flat even if after evenif changing it to multiple level insync with BASS.Recommendations: Yah, you can consider if you are really low in the budget specially fo...READ MORE",3.0
Awesome product thank to FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
Not much good..READ MORE,3.0
"Bluetooth connectivity very poor,even my bluetooth speaker bulb connectivity is better than this.Moreover service is a serious concern as product delivered on 27th June 20 but till writing this review on 31.08.20 they have not resolved the issue.I think it is my bad decision to buy boat product.READ MORE",1.0
The bass is very very good and technician who did the installation and demo also explained very well and also very good service provided by flipkart.. value for money..☺️☺️😊😊☺️😊💯💯READ MORE,5.0
Awesome buy..Just go for it..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good sound. Excellent for medium size hall. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound of the boat bar mast hai awaz bhi  bluetooth ki paring bhi fast hai aur paise basool item hai go for it ....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It gives good looks for my tv unit.Awesome product really satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Worst experience .......don’t buyREAD MORE,1.0
Budget friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality as aspected..READ MORE,5.0
There is no battery backup ......sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome performance, very good sound clarity. Worth the money paid. Very good service by Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Great bass n soundREAD MORE,5.0
Super Sound Quality. Good Sound Bar..😍Bass is mind blowing 👌Sound quality same low range and high range.READ MORE,5.0
There is a small issue with Bluetooth connectivity at times. Works after restarting.READ MORE,4.0
Good quality product..READ MORE,5.0
"Good , paisa vasulREAD MORE",5.0
"Overall Very Good product. Produces good sound quality bass. Should have included all accessories like HDMI, Optical cables in the box. Its only the drawback from this product.READ MORE",5.0
"Bass quality, product nd looking is mind_blowing.Bt sound clearnce isn't better compare to sony.READ MORE",5.0
It is a great product and performance is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Best in class, this 160 w sound bar i bought it for 6999/-READ MORE",4.0
"Worth for money,  good prodict for this price range,  i got in good offer, thanks flipcart my favorite shopping patner,READ MORE",5.0
Its subwoofer not working after 2months dont buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality super bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass and sound quality good but the only problem is with wire, it is very short difficult to pluginREAD MORE",4.0
Sound quality is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Bad assembledREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent sound quality. Feels like theater.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product.READ MORE,5.0
"Good Product from boat, it had been more than six month using it.Happy with the quality in this price range.READ MORE",4.0
Super thanks for installation person very gudREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth Connecting problem.. missing voiceREAD MORE,1.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Great product for Bass but unfortunately reducing bass it produces Same bassREAD MORE,4.0
Review after 1 month of usage..Brought it just around Rs.3600..u don't find anything like this at price point..Sound quality is simply outstanding..!No connectivity issuesBass is absolutely goodI'll rate it 5 out of 5 except remote..Remote Build quality is not upto the mark and it is not  bluetooth remote as well.Recommend.Wroth buying without any question.READ MORE,5.0
I love it.READ MORE,5.0
"Good product,  battery backup isn't a thing for this just plug and useREAD MORE",5.0
Very good qwliti saund is very good qwlitiREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound.must buyREAD MORE,5.0
"HDMI ARC connectivity is like pain in back. I tried many types of arc cables, but need to connect manually every time your TV powers on.Mids are not good. Wonderful base.Soundbar sets to volume level 15/35 every time it powers on. It should remind the last volume level.READ MORE",3.0
Very good product but lacking sometimeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound Quality. Bass is very good.Very clean sound.READ MORE,5.0
Really nice product.. worth it.. I got this product only 3999rsREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
Superbbb sound effect ..I love it but delivered too late 21 days takingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
This product is very drop dead gorgeous. But Bluetooth connectivity is very low. And one thing usb system not good its my suggestion... But #boat is the number one brand for AudiosREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product .. after using I feel , I have selected a good product.READ MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Limited VolumeBass is LimitedGood for small HallREAD MORE,4.0
Boat bar it's really nice sound and it's worth it for purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Product was very nice but the installation persons not having the basic knowledge of how to power on the divice very poor experience with installation persons but product was very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"It's a great sound system for a compact room ,sounds are crystal clear, there are two draw back one is battery backup , second one is u can't have long distance bluetooth connection.READ MORE",5.0
Installation is very difficultREAD MORE,2.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Super goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Must buy! Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Great product!READ MORE,5.0
This is the one of the best soundbar and you know Board is improving itself and this time it provide the very best bass and treble and sound quality also this is best for parties TV is and many more things I have JBL but its boss is too much higher than JBL speaker the boat is best and is bass is also best don't worry go for it if your budget is under 8000 this is best for you buy it boat is the best boat is the best boat boat boat soon boat will become very best company of earphoneREAD MORE,5.0
Not competative with my mi tv 4x 55... Blutooth connectivity is very poor.. voice lag.READ MORE,2.0
My first soundbar system. The sound effects are really good and punchy. Looks and build quality is decent and sturdy. You will get a theater like experience. Enjoyed watching Jurassic park ☺️. This has Bluetooth 5.0. good connectivity. Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
"Perfect, sound quality is awesome.READ MORE",5.0
Meet my expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
Osm product bace is very good i like and happy this productREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome!!! Got in steal deal, and it's worth.READ MORE",5.0
Not bad... No bluetooth for this Speakers. WasteREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice for Dj music not for other slow musicREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
It has just one issue. When you connect via Bluetooth it will connect with max volume and in between also when volume goes up and down.READ MORE,4.0
"Bluetooth connectivity is poor and not upto the standards. However, the sound quality is great and can handle complete range of music genre. Build quality is good and looks premium.If you want to play it through Aux, a good choice. But in case you need a bluetooth playback, better go with higher versions.READ MORE",3.0
sound quality is good and can handle nice variety of music genre. Also what is exciting to see is the bluetooth pairing between the bar and the subwoofer. Overall a value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
FANTASTICREAD MORE,5.0
Bluetooth Connecting problem.. missing voiceREAD MORE,1.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
Great product for Bass but unfortunately reducing bass it produces Same bassREAD MORE,4.0
Review after 1 month of usage..Brought it just around Rs.3600..u don't find anything like this at price point..Sound quality is simply outstanding..!No connectivity issuesBass is absolutely goodI'll rate it 5 out of 5 except remote..Remote Build quality is not upto the mark and it is not  bluetooth remote as well.Recommend.Wroth buying without any question.READ MORE,5.0
I love it.READ MORE,5.0
"Good product,  battery backup isn't a thing for this just plug and useREAD MORE",5.0
Very good qwliti saund is very good qwlitiREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent sound.must buyREAD MORE,5.0
"HDMI ARC connectivity is like pain in back. I tried many types of arc cables, but need to connect manually every time your TV powers on.Mids are not good. Wonderful base.Soundbar sets to volume level 15/35 every time it powers on. It should remind the last volume level.READ MORE",3.0
Very good product but lacking sometimeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound Quality. Bass is very good.Very clean sound.READ MORE,5.0
Really nice product.. worth it.. I got this product only 3999rsREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Superbbb sound effect ..I love it but delivered too late 21 days takingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
This product is very drop dead gorgeous. But Bluetooth connectivity is very low. And one thing usb system not good its my suggestion... But #boat is the number one brand for AudiosREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product .. after using I feel , I have selected a good product.READ MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Limited VolumeBass is LimitedGood for small HallREAD MORE,4.0
Boat bar it's really nice sound and it's worth it for purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Base is not compared to Sony SD a 40 that is only 80watt.And this is 160 watt .If you pay 8000 then go for Sony SD a 40.READ MORE,3.0
Floor shake bass love it..READ MORE,5.0
Super sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Osm mindblowing productREAD MORE,5.0
"GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT, VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome bass...and product suits my 10*15 roomREAD MORE,4.0
Fabulous product.  Bass quality very good as well as trible. Connectivity excellent. There is no problem with the connectivity via bluetooth. Subwoofer is completely wireless only power chord connected with 230v ac supply.READ MORE,5.0
it's a Quality product mind blowing ✌️❤️ek or order kiya hai maine 260w kaa ☺️READ MORE,5.0
Punchi BassREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound baar..love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Recently I bought Boat avante 1550 soundbar in flipkart bigsale offer for Rs.5800/- before purchase I reviewed so many soundbar products in market available in online platform. Finally I decided to purchase Boat avante 1550 soundbar with 120 watt RMS output in flipkart. After product received i am so happy to purchase this soundbar. First of all the sound coming from this one is crystal clear and the bass is very high, it shakes the ground and vibrating all things in my hall. The bass lovers ...READ MORE",5.0
"very bad, worst productREAD MORE",1.0
Nice sound...READ MORE,4.0
Very Good Boat Product I'm Satisfied with this Bar 2000READ MORE,5.0
Nice products this is nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Indor bass excellent but outdoor not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice for Dj music not for other slow musicREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
It has just one issue. When you connect via Bluetooth it will connect with max volume and in between also when volume goes up and down.READ MORE,4.0
"Bluetooth connectivity is poor and not upto the standards. However, the sound quality is great and can handle complete range of music genre. Build quality is good and looks premium.If you want to play it through Aux, a good choice. But in case you need a bluetooth playback, better go with higher versions.READ MORE",3.0
sound quality is good and can handle nice variety of music genre. Also what is exciting to see is the bluetooth pairing between the bar and the subwoofer. Overall a value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
FANTASTICREAD MORE,5.0
Assome sound bar... Assome base..nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Was searching for soundbar under budget range, got this for 5499rs(120 W)at the time of big sale. Trust me at this price this is the best quality you can get. Awesome clarity and bass is punching loved the product. It is more than enough for a medium sized wall. You can't hear it on full sound.READ MORE",5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
Super product by boatREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"The awesome product the subwoofer is very good ! The sound quality and the bass is very better than i am expected , but one suggestion is please include a display system for controls,Now its only possible through the indication light and voiceREAD MORE",5.0
It's amazing it's amazingREAD MORE,5.0
It's good product..Work super on Bluetooth..But on TV it's not that much effective..Better to go for 120 or 160 wattsREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Iam totely happy.nice product.bass is  terrific ...uff nxt level experience ....thank u boat....🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥READ MORE,4.0
Soundclearity is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product must purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Not good product. Very bad always connectivity problem with tv through hdmi. Sound cut is also for secend after same time interval. Not good as expected.READ MORE,2.0
Sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
3 months old now. bass bass and bass this is the 4th one again bassREAD MORE,5.0
Sound & bass just awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Very good quality product and sound fidility is remarkable( very good), faithfull reproduction of sound, quality is extraordinary,thanks.READ MORE",5.0
Base is not compared to Sony SD a 40 that is only 80watt.And this is 160 watt .If you pay 8000 then go for Sony SD a 40.READ MORE,3.0
Floor shake bass love it..READ MORE,5.0
Super sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Osm mindblowing productREAD MORE,5.0
"GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT, VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome bass...and product suits my 10*15 roomREAD MORE,4.0
Fabulous product.  Bass quality very good as well as trible. Connectivity excellent. There is no problem with the connectivity via bluetooth. Subwoofer is completely wireless only power chord connected with 230v ac supply.READ MORE,5.0
it's a Quality product mind blowing ✌️❤️ek or order kiya hai maine 260w kaa ☺️READ MORE,5.0
Punchi BassREAD MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound baar..love itREAD MORE,5.0
Works well with YouTube and TV ..but for Netflix and prime..go for some other soundbar with Dolby support..otherwise you are downgrading the performance of speakerREAD MORE,1.0
Overall good speakersREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is awesome........ I bought it for only 3999 on big billion day....... Must buy this products....... Toooo goodREAD MORE,5.0
Gud prodect SpekerREAD MORE,4.0
Very good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good build quality... ultimate bass performance.... there's nothing to point out in it....but only 4 stars because the connectivity range isn't that great and the remote looks like some cheap local company one.....And regarding the sound it's not better than JBL in clarity....but the volume n bass is much more than JBL....READ MORE,4.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
Got the soundbar in 6k and it's a total value for money.READ MORE,5.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
"This product is amazing and these product materials is perfect and looking is ver very standard looks,  beauty and i am so... so.... happy with buying this.... i have no words telling this item.....READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product as expected. Bass and sound is superb in this price. Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Superb productBut the delivery guys so third class...READ MORE,5.0
Very Good for the priceREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is very high.READ MORE,4.0
Sound clarity is too good nd also bass.. Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Ag the price of 7kREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product but there could have been radio alsoREAD MORE,4.0
nice sound and bass.. hdmi arc yet to be usedREAD MORE,4.0
Having Boat sound bar is a treat. One star deducted only due to lack of good connectivity features like HDMI ARC or Optical input.. only 3.5 mm jack and Bluetooth connectivity provided in 80 wt sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
"It’s simply superb, good quality of sound, excellent bass..READ MORE",5.0
Very Best Bass And Sound Thankyou FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Super product, sound is verygood.READ MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice sound bar Thanks boatREAD MORE,5.0
Request all not to buy any Boat produts. Ridiculous LOW quality. And ZERO after sales service inspite of several complaints. Not working at all. Need repair.READ MORE,1.0
Awsm sound fully Theater Effect & arth shaking Bass.READ MORE,5.0
YesREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"In same cost sony 60w sound equal to this 120w sound , previously i have sony D60W that's very good better then this item but the drawback is that don't have bluetooth fecility. Any how it's good value for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
Nice product. Thank you baAtREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Humming sound from the soundbarREAD MORE,3.0
V. V. V. Very good product . got it only Rs. 3599READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound.. Nice experience..READ MORE,4.0
The bestREAD MORE,5.0
Remote control very cheap quality and not available in market ....don't buy...READ MORE,2.0
Awesome 👍 productREAD MORE,5.0
Guys only one word ... truth words from heart aftr using this.. Buy this product.. it's just amazing...... no comments .. I loved it thts it.. superbbbbbbbb.... bass bass bass.. even in small volume it's like one bomb.. crisp and clear..READ MORE,5.0
Works well with YouTube and TV ..but for Netflix and prime..go for some other soundbar with Dolby support..otherwise you are downgrading the performance of speakerREAD MORE,1.0
Overall good speakersREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality is awesome........ I bought it for only 3999 on big billion day....... Must buy this products....... Toooo goodREAD MORE,5.0
Gud prodect SpekerREAD MORE,4.0
Really good.... bought 5500...READ MORE,5.0
Delivery  very poor but product very good sound bestREAD MORE,5.0
Go for it without any confusionREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product I love this music and basss are so niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good good bass sound very good protect of the rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good thing  I am stisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
bad installationREAD MORE,2.0
Super bass and quality was mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Wow product and bass quality very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"High end sound is best in these no distortion, no cut off, good bass.I'd prefer them to ones who would love to listen some good music.Cons: 120W is only enough for a hall maximum,READ MORE",4.0
Bass is very high.READ MORE,4.0
Sound clarity is too good nd also bass.. Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Good product Ag the price of 7kREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product but there could have been radio alsoREAD MORE,4.0
nice sound and bass.. hdmi arc yet to be usedREAD MORE,4.0
Having Boat sound bar is a treat. One star deducted only due to lack of good connectivity features like HDMI ARC or Optical input.. only 3.5 mm jack and Bluetooth connectivity provided in 80 wt sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
Good and Excellent go for it.READ MORE,4.0
"Total experience was good, but aux cable provided is very small can't connect to TV due to very small lengthREAD MORE",4.0
Sound quality is quiet good.nice experienceREAD MORE,4.0
Super 👌READ MORE,5.0
It's awesome.....but I ordered 1200 model....but I got 1280.....but over all performance is...good...... extraordinaryREAD MORE,5.0
Great sound ... got it for 7000...READ MORE,5.0
This product is best... sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice prodect value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Great product 120w seems to be a great deal at 5000 but was disappointed thought it was an Indian product.READ MORE,5.0
"I have been using it since few weeks now, the sound quality is really good.If you have Thomson TV b9 series and buying 80w be aware as TV it doesn't have Bluetooth so have to connect using AUX cable and for me it does give me some static sound out , but when it is connected to Bluetooth via phone it works great.Recomeded only if you have Bluetooth in TV else aux cable doesn't give a good performance for Thomson TV .READ MORE",5.0
Nice product. Thank you baAtREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Must buyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Humming sound from the soundbarREAD MORE,3.0
V. V. V. Very good product . got it only Rs. 3599READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
I connected it to my tv set music quality is good but vocal sounds quality is not impressive so if you want to buy for your tv set don't buy this oneREAD MORE,3.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
after 3 month used woofer not working and i tried to contact so many time to the customer care but still i cant connect till today pls dont buy this product.READ MORE,5.0
Superb AmazingThank you boatThank you flipkart3599/- offer priceREAD MORE,5.0
not goodREAD MORE,2.0
sound quality amazing 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good one with powerful bass at this price. Really enjoying it.READ MORE,4.0
Installation is good with good service....READ MORE,5.0
I am very disappointed becouse ur ingeneer not check properly.very bad experience fisrt timeREAD MORE,1.0
Good for music. in movie voice is low when connected with bluetoothREAD MORE,4.0
My product damage and also blutooth not worked and  hdmi port not workedREAD MORE,2.0
Its goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product for this price..3999..i dont know where is the battery back up..READ MORE,4.0
Close your eye and order it if you are a bass lover .Extraordinary bass .This is the best soundbar in this price segment .No company will bring sound like it in this price segment .I  don't have much word for praising  its unique bass.love itREAD MORE,5.0
Good good bass sound very good protect of the rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Good thing  I am stisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
bad installationREAD MORE,2.0
Super bass and quality was mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
Wow product and bass quality very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"High end sound is best in these no distortion, no cut off, good bass.I'd prefer them to ones who would love to listen some good music.Cons: 120W is only enough for a hall maximum,READ MORE",4.0
TV connecting no optionREAD MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Installation process was irritating Bar is beautiful looking..does the work betterREAD MORE,3.0
Quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product very nice product super superREAD MORE,5.0
"So nice home theatre good bess 5 ,READ MORE",5.0
It seems some connectivity problemsREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass & sound awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
But ita go defective after 6 monthREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very very so happyREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best sound system for your living room needs. Great sound quality for movie lovers and boat being know for the best Bass has lived up to my expectations. No point investing a lot of money in high priced sound systems. A strong recommendation to all music lovers with a limited budget.. The Music can turn your living room into a Club. Great for house parties 😁READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good one . It changed the overall TV viewing experience. Best product at this price point.READ MORE,4.0
I love this product boat sound bar ❤️👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Paisa woosol.. Superb Bass.. Bad Delivery..READ MORE,4.0
Price is best but bass is braking is disappointing minimum sound is best just sound hi lo braking thisis mines pointREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound in medium room size..Looks like good...READ MORE,5.0
Superb sound quality .Bass is awesome 👍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome sounds when paired with mobile but when it connects with tv sound doom little bit, otherwise product is good in this price range.READ MORE",4.0
Good soundGood qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Good bass super sound quality 🔥READ MORE,5.0
Super soundREAD MORE,5.0
Nice one....better than sonyREAD MORE,5.0
"The sound is really amazing, I have connected it with my firestick bluetooth. I get theatre like experience. Boat is amazing.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent music systemREAD MORE,5.0
Best in marketREAD MORE,5.0
A very nice product loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Good system ...READ MORE,4.0
not goodREAD MORE,2.0
sound quality amazing 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Very good one with powerful bass at this price. Really enjoying it.READ MORE,4.0
Installation is good with good service....READ MORE,5.0
I am very disappointed becouse ur ingeneer not check properly.very bad experience fisrt timeREAD MORE,1.0
Good for music. in movie voice is low when connected with bluetoothREAD MORE,4.0
My product damage and also blutooth not worked and  hdmi port not workedREAD MORE,2.0
Its goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product for this price..3999..i dont know where is the battery back up..READ MORE,4.0
Close your eye and order it if you are a bass lover .Extraordinary bass .This is the best soundbar in this price segment .No company will bring sound like it in this price segment .I  don't have much word for praising  its unique bass.love itREAD MORE,5.0
Sound clarity is perfectFor online movies it's too good when compared to dish connection.Improvement case - Digital optical port to be added in design to get exact output clarity.READ MORE,5.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Super product ,ilove this sound quality.READ MORE",5.0
Product ok but not what I expected. Bass is not that much effective.READ MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product and boom bassREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound best treble and bass if you are buying sound bar then buy these product it is very awesome and good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Bass is good but sometimes sound doesn't feel good, vocals are not clearREAD MORE",3.0
"Product is good but installation service is very very bad, specially Jeeves . person working in Jeeves never attempted to you in first time.READ MORE",3.0
Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
"it's Really Awsome Product ,  bass is fantastic and clear sound quality, I am happy to buy this product...READ MORE",5.0
"Worst product, already getting some bad voice, it's been only 1monthREAD MORE",1.0
Awesome sound quality and super bass. Great soundbar in this budget.READ MORE,5.0
Good quality sound and worth to buyREAD MORE,4.0
But ita go defective after 6 monthREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very very so happyREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best sound system for your living room needs. Great sound quality for movie lovers and boat being know for the best Bass has lived up to my expectations. No point investing a lot of money in high priced sound systems. A strong recommendation to all music lovers with a limited budget.. The Music can turn your living room into a Club. Great for house parties 😁READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good one . It changed the overall TV viewing experience. Best product at this price point.READ MORE,4.0
I love this product boat sound bar ❤️👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Paisa woosol.. Superb Bass.. Bad Delivery..READ MORE,4.0
Price is best but bass is braking is disappointing minimum sound is best just sound hi lo braking thisis mines pointREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound in medium room size..Looks like good...READ MORE,5.0
Super sound n bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, recommend to go for it...READ MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
In time delivery nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
BeautifulREAD MORE,5.0
worst experience timingREAD MORE,4.0
It's very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't think anymore, buy and convert your home into the theatre. Mind blowing bass quality. If you are looking for great product in budget, then you are at right place. I'm sure about you will be definitely shocked on first time. Really first impression is last impression. Good Value for money, i received just @4799/- only on freedom sale.Thank you BoAt.. And #Very Big Thanks to FlipKart for making available such great product.Sound- 4/5Bass - 6/5 (yes definitely, 3D sound effect is great)...READ MORE",5.0
Best 👍READ MORE,5.0
Jut 😊! No one can provide in this price range Sound 5:5Bass 5:5Connectivity 5:5Design 5:5READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic sound 😍READ MORE,5.0
Baas osam the best prodact thank flipcardREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
It's nice and good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Mind blowing sound,excellent, horrible bass.READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Bass and sound quality very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
44days use but woofer damegeREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome feels like theatreREAD MORE,5.0
This is not battery operatedREAD MORE,5.0
Best I bought and checked it and size is about 32 ontvangenREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound bar.... Ground shaking bass.....READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product....😀😀READ MORE,4.0
Sometimes it issue that pairing with subwoofer ather wise it is very good productREAD MORE,5.0
"It's been over a week and the product is just outperforming every beat. Simply High quality for Low price. Head to head sound quality with Sony!!!I started buying from ear phones, head phone now sound bar too, will not wait to buy if any Dolby atmos variant is launched by Boat.Just go for it !!READ MORE",5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome set good design best company I think is very good sound best quality ek number quality wife nice product photoREAD MORE,5.0
"Very poor Sound Sound Quality is very Low , Flipkart No change my Boat Avant Bar.Service is very Poor .READ MORE",1.0
Got it with very good price. Sounds quality is awesome with great bass. Loved this. Installation also done on time.  Good enough for 15 * 15 room alsoREAD MORE,4.0
"Everything is good about the speakers but if you are thinking to buy it to watch movies etc, drop the thought because the connectivity from.speaker goes into the headphone jack given in the tv and the output is not at all good.Or else the product is superb.READ MORE",4.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Sound is super.Perfect sound bar.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome bass ...READ MORE,5.0
Good product by boatREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product just need dolby digital effect .READ MORE,4.0
Excellent superb......READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Best home theatreREAD MORE,5.0
Ausome designREAD MORE,4.0
Very bestREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is not 80w ...much lessREAD MORE,2.0
Really good this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Fantastic!! Guys got this beauty for 7k on sale day! Boat 2000 160 watts! My Hall size is 17x17 feet with the 55 inch TV. Installation was on the same day evening,but the guy just plugged in and went! No product explanation!Was happy to see the new model remote!Bought a HDMI cable,Optical cable in my home town! First two days some error with blue tooth connect between wireless subwoofer &soundbar! Thought of returning the product with heavy heart becos returning first time in flipkart!Have ...READ MORE",5.0
Nice bassREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Super sound n bassREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product, recommend to go for it...READ MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
In time delivery nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Overall a great experience.. Flipkart installation process is also very smooth and fast.Sound quality is good as well as bass..It has no optical connectivity.If u want listen sharp & part by part instrumental music it will disappoint u little..Its a china made products..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product sound is very clear & woofer is amazing.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is awesome, bass is good, fast connectivity, boat is really excellent product at the lowest cost,installation and demo process is very smooth and easy, technician experience is good, fast delivery and tq to flipkart services for giving such amazing products to the customersREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome 😑😁💥💥READ MORE,4.0
"Good bass , sound is also goodREAD MORE",5.0
It's working good but not connected to mi TV. It's only connected mi TV with Bluetooth..READ MORE,4.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Mind blowing sound,excellent, horrible bass.READ MORE",5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Bass and sound quality very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
44days use but woofer damegeREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome feels like theatreREAD MORE,5.0
This is not battery operatedREAD MORE,5.0
Best I bought and checked it and size is about 32 ontvangenREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound bar.... Ground shaking bass.....READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product....😀😀READ MORE,4.0
Boat is superb........... 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊READ MORE,5.0
"The sound quality is very good and its connectivity through bluetooth is also very good . But one thing I must say it has one drawback and i.e. absence of hdmi input, otherwise all is well....READ MORE",4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is just awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Super....READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Product..Super Basss.. HDMI issue with MI TV..READ MORE,5.0
It’s just superb ... worthREAD MORE,5.0
Beast of sound systems 💪💥READ MORE,5.0
Super bass theater experience highly recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product superREAD MORE,5.0
This is the best soundbar by boaAt. Bass and tribal is very soft and louder.READ MORE,5.0
Sounds good....buy at rs...3999/-READ MORE,5.0
Good soundREAD MORE,4.0
"Lookwise is good. Bass is good but if u like ur music refine, this one lack the mids  and treble... Making one feels lacking while listening to musics. This can be felt especially if u listened to fast music like alternative, rock music.. just as a sound bar for tv viewing it does the job. But if you like watching music video it a bit disappointing....READ MORE",2.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
The product is awesome I like itREAD MORE,5.0
Best Price in this price range(5000*)...good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Best Product I evar SeanREAD MORE,5.0
Very hard sound quality Bluetooth aux HDMI USB HD sound modREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy... Soundbar and woofer is connected via bluetooth.. they don't play at same time.. woofer plays it late.. complained many times but no reply.. money wasteREAD MORE,1.0
Faced some issue with installation. Product is good. Basically for bass lovers. Even if it is bluetooth but need to connect your tv with hdmi or optical cable as there is lagging. You will not find much difference while watching SD channels. Overall average product in this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Good one but more to improve the sound quality was not so good,I am not impressed with boat speakerREAD MORE",4.0
Overall a great experience.. Flipkart installation process is also very smooth and fast.Sound quality is good as well as bass..It has no optical connectivity.If u want listen sharp & part by part instrumental music it will disappoint u little..Its a china made products..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product sound is very clear & woofer is amazing.READ MORE,5.0
"Sound quality is awesome, bass is good, fast connectivity, boat is really excellent product at the lowest cost,installation and demo process is very smooth and easy, technician experience is good, fast delivery and tq to flipkart services for giving such amazing products to the customersREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good SoundsREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product.READ MORE,4.0
good nice..got it for 4949...READ MORE,4.0
Best bass and voiceREAD MORE,5.0
I get this 5500rs Worth value for moneyBest sound barREAD MORE,5.0
Very good👍 I like thisREAD MORE,5.0
Design is good and treble is so loud.bass would have improved.allover best sound bar for the price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality yet to be imrpoveREAD MORE,3.0
"Value for money ,sound effect & bass is really goodREAD MORE",4.0
Good sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
BassREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super Quality BoatREAD MORE,5.0
"After connecting with aux cable to th television, we get dots on the screen.READ MORE",3.0
If u like bass then it is perfect for uREAD MORE,5.0
I am not satisfied with this productREAD MORE,1.0
"Value for money. BT / USB connections are awesome, but AUX in is not much better sound quality. but overall, simple design, better build quality and easy remote controlsREAD MORE",4.0
"Sounds quality is very pathetic, and very low sound.READ MORE",2.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Bass is just awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Super....READ MORE,4.0
Sound quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing Product..Super Basss.. HDMI issue with MI TV..READ MORE,5.0
It’s just superb ... worthREAD MORE,5.0
Beast of sound systems 💪💥READ MORE,5.0
Super bass theater experience highly recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product superREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is bit disappointing or else everything is good. I got at very reasonable rate @3600.READ MORE,5.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product from boat,, super sound AmazingREAD MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Punchi bass Bass lovers definitely go for this.Bass is overpoweredMissing surround effects.Over all value for money.READ MORE,4.0
This product is tooooo gooooooodREAD MORE,5.0
BASS IS AWSOME 👌🏼.  treble is good BUT NO MID SOUND ....... boAt rocKsssszzzZREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome sound quality. Home looks like a small theatre experience. Anyway thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice.... mainly base.....READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful soundbar. Thanks FLIPKART.READ MORE,5.0
Extremely good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Gud product bass veralevelREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product under rs.4000/READ MORE,5.0
more than expected..READ MORE,5.0
"Sound Quality is good.. BT,Arc mode is good.but AUX mode is ok.. Overall Sound Bar is good.. Love itREAD MORE",4.0
It's very nice product love itREAD MORE,5.0
Crystal clear sound with suprb bassREAD MORE,4.0
"I purchased Boat Aavante 2000 soundbar only at Rs. 6300. In this price range there is nothing any sound bar to compare this. Nice bass and clear sound. All connectivity options to play(hdmi arc, bluetooth, Aux, and optical fiber). Wireless woofer amazing, punch solid. Under 10,000 budget then go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Sound & Bass was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's been 10 days I have owned this product.Prons:Excellent sound experience and Bass is just awesome for 100 square yards hall areaConnectivity is good no issues with it.Has each and every port what all is neededKeep the treble in plus and bass in minus for better experience and for long hearings3D sound is also enjoyable Cons:Nothing as of now for me.Everything is perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
It goods with boat sound barREAD MORE,3.0
"Excellent soundbar,Bass is awesome I am fully satisfied this product. I bought this 5449.READ MORE",5.0
Happy to buy this product nice sound quality at this price.READ MORE,4.0
Best productREAD MORE,4.0
Veriy Good..it's worth its moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good product according to priceREAD MORE,4.0
Above expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Superb soundREAD MORE,5.0
"sound todi kam he, lekin sound quality is good, boofer is very good base is too good.READ MORE",5.0
Just mind blowing.... sound quality is too good...also when  watching movies... sound clarity is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good one....!!!great product.READ MORE,5.0
Not bad this priceREAD MORE,3.0
Amaging very nice sound bar.READ MORE,4.0
No battery backupREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Product.READ MORE,5.0
I bought the 160W variant at just Rs. 6350Sound quality is pretty good at this price point.. you get some serious bass in thisBluetooth connectivity is also nice.. specially the wireless woofer is the best feature in this productThere should be more customisation for the sound output as we only have 3 eq presets Build quality is also very nice..READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Full satisfaction very good productREAD MORE,5.0
How will connect to normal tvREAD MORE,4.0
My TV is not supported this model but I use optical cable  very good sound and subwooferREAD MORE,4.0
"Ultimate product from Boat , Bass is superb capable of vibrating my whole room , for this price (6300) nobody can give this quality of sound and bass. I love Boat as I am using its baotstone 200 and an earphone all three products are exceptionally excellent.If u want a 2.1 channel home theatre then close eyes and bring this boat avante barREAD MORE",5.0
"Osm 😘 I am very happy, this product is too goodREAD MORE",5.0
Super sound high quality bassREAD MORE,5.0
I have bought it for 5k only for price it was the beast.....With no doubt ...U can go for it.  .And don't see the bad reviews about it .....if you were seeing for budget soundbarJust buy itREAD MORE,5.0
excellent soundREAD MORE,5.0
excellent sound and excellent service flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Its trully osm.READ MORE,5.0
Best product...READ MORE,5.0
"Product is 5 star but i rated 3 because of poor installation. First of all it took 8 days after delivery fir installation. Secondly they hanged the bar above TV while I asked them to hang below TV but they sinply refused. Thirdly not even connected with TV or given demo, they simply hanged the bar and vanish.they talk arrogantlyREAD MORE",3.0
"Its rock ,Packing was damaged i though it's old but inside new .great i first time purchase boAt and i m impressed great sondbaar In affordable priceREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome soundbar at this price range bass is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for bass loversREAD MORE,5.0
"Really good sound...any mode Via Bluetooth, Aux and awesome sound attached with my Samsung RU7100 43 inch Smart TV.. high volume sound don""t crack... In my views....if u think a good budget Sound Bar...go for this...READ MORE",5.0
Not working 😣☹️😭😭😭😭READ MORE,4.0
Gud product bass veralevelREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product under rs.4000/READ MORE,5.0
more than expected..READ MORE,5.0
"Sound Quality is good.. BT,Arc mode is good.but AUX mode is ok.. Overall Sound Bar is good.. Love itREAD MORE",4.0
It's very nice product love itREAD MORE,5.0
Crystal clear sound with suprb bassREAD MORE,4.0
"I purchased Boat Aavante 2000 soundbar only at Rs. 6300. In this price range there is nothing any sound bar to compare this. Nice bass and clear sound. All connectivity options to play(hdmi arc, bluetooth, Aux, and optical fiber). Wireless woofer amazing, punch solid. Under 10,000 budget then go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Sound & Bass was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's been 10 days I have owned this product.Prons:Excellent sound experience and Bass is just awesome for 100 square yards hall areaConnectivity is good no issues with it.Has each and every port what all is neededKeep the treble in plus and bass in minus for better experience and for long hearings3D sound is also enjoyable Cons:Nothing as of now for me.Everything is perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Best sound barREAD MORE,4.0
Speaker is not that much loud as expected waise toh theek hi heREAD MORE,3.0
Boat Aavante 1550 120v best for bass Lover paisa vasun product must bay....... Highly recommended.......thanks to boat and flipkart....❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰READ MORE,5.0
"I had done good amount of research comparing many models of sound bar, reviews technical experts and shortlisted 3 of them including the BOAT AVANTE. I was yet to decide the final pick when this offer came up, so I went for it. Amazing sound quality, wireless subwoofer is a good thing to have it gives you flexibility and adds to the movie and 3d effect. If your price limit is 10k then just go for this! I Strongly recommend!READ MORE",5.0
Awesome.I am sure that i will recommend this to everyone.READ MORE,5.0
Good bassGood sound qualityGood designREAD MORE,5.0
Good  at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks you flipkart and boat. amazing sounds and bass vibration ..delivery and installation so same date and time thanks you flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
Cheep and best product.Everybody can buy this productREAD MORE,5.0
WasteREAD MORE,2.0
"Yaa... Recently i purchased 160w boat aavante bar, for my mi 4a pro tv.....It's really amazing..... It gives the theater feel....The bess is just super..... I used it for 1 weeks... No problem is there and sund and bess is too good...You can purchase this with out any confusion...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product.. purchased at Rs 5499 in flipkart sale... delivered on time.. thank you flipkart ..READ MORE,5.0
"Wireless connection between subwoofer and soundbar is not working ,after struggling 1hour it was connecting . At least if they provided wire connection I may have felt better,I bought it by seeing wireless woofer but that feature is not workingDisappointed totally .I want to replacement/return immediatelyREAD MORE",1.0
Sound quality is very good Thank you boat and also thank to flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"Just awesome,jarbarzast.mindblowing.READ MORE",5.0
"The length of sound bar is 93 cm , means more than 3 feet. Be careful about the length.It should have been slight short.Due to its long length, it's very irritating to handle it.Otherwise a good product.READ MORE",4.0
"Fraud update given HDMI port not available, if we connect in aux sound is very very low.READ MORE",1.0
Superrrrr4rrr productREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good bass (mega bass)Treble also good,,,Build quality awesome... I ♥️boAt..READ MORE",5.0
"Good quality and  best clarity sound ,bass sound is excellent I like avante boat bar  1200 80W, nice design & low price in best product i like this product....thank you flipcart best service...💐💐💐....I like this bar....READ MORE",5.0
Premium look. I got it in 3599/-READ MORE,5.0
Full satisfaction very good productREAD MORE,5.0
How will connect to normal tvREAD MORE,4.0
My TV is not supported this model but I use optical cable  very good sound and subwooferREAD MORE,4.0
"Ultimate product from Boat , Bass is superb capable of vibrating my whole room , for this price (6300) nobody can give this quality of sound and bass. I love Boat as I am using its baotstone 200 and an earphone all three products are exceptionally excellent.If u want a 2.1 channel home theatre then close eyes and bring this boat avante barREAD MORE",5.0
"Osm 😘 I am very happy, this product is too goodREAD MORE",5.0
Super sound high quality bassREAD MORE,5.0
I have bought it for 5k only for price it was the beast.....With no doubt ...U can go for it.  .And don't see the bad reviews about it .....if you were seeing for budget soundbarJust buy itREAD MORE,5.0
excellent soundREAD MORE,5.0
excellent sound and excellent service flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Its trully osm.READ MORE,5.0
Best product...READ MORE,5.0
"Product is 5 star but i rated 3 because of poor installation. First of all it took 8 days after delivery fir installation. Secondly they hanged the bar above TV while I asked them to hang below TV but they sinply refused. Thirdly not even connected with TV or given demo, they simply hanged the bar and vanish.they talk arrogantlyREAD MORE",3.0
"Its rock ,Packing was damaged i though it's old but inside new .great i first time purchase boAt and i m impressed great sondbaar In affordable priceREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome soundbar at this price range bass is too goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good for bass loversREAD MORE,5.0
"Really good sound...any mode Via Bluetooth, Aux and awesome sound attached with my Samsung RU7100 43 inch Smart TV.. high volume sound don""t crack... In my views....if u think a good budget Sound Bar...go for this...READ MORE",5.0
Not working 😣☹️😭😭😭😭READ MORE,4.0
"I am a professional sound engineer, best in this price range, fantastic performance for low frequency, but for high and mid just OK,READ MORE",4.0
Amazing sound at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound quality value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Superb sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
There is no battery in this speaker direct connection... About Bass and sound quality is awesome... Thank you flipkart for such a lovely offer and Bluetooth soundbar... Recommended to Buy without any hesitationREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product only 3999READ MORE,4.0
Sound is good when volume level 25 .... Up to 25 to 35 is diffREAD MORE,4.0
Ekdam kadak sound quality 💥💥💥Thank you FLIPKART 🙏READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product. Sound quality is awesome. Cheap and best product. Bass is awesome. Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality it's osm nd build quality also First impression her looks damm so amazing then her sound quality is to smooth nd BassfulREAD MORE,4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very super product ..don't any dout ..120w is enough..love you boat....READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is very impressive and sound bass soo high and easy to control & useREAD MORE,5.0
Design and sound quality is ever best..READ MORE,4.0
my favourite brand....READ MORE,5.0
excellent sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product..I have purchased it at Rs.3999 in big offer day. Sound quality nice, bass also .I don't know about longibity. If the product is last for a satisfactable period then it's the best product.READ MORE",5.0
Super quality super soundREAD MORE,5.0
It is aswome product....sound quality clear and bass is BASS BASS...BASS but power cable is missingREAD MORE,5.0
Average product for small roomsREAD MORE,2.0
We love it......This is a amazing speaker under this range... sound & product quality is superb...READ MORE,5.0
Nice quality very depp felling bass and looking so gorgeous i love this productREAD MORE,5.0
Hdmi port not support my mi tv i disappointedREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome bass , Suits perfectly for 55 inch tvREAD MORE",5.0
Awsome sound..Delivery so poor..it delivered in 9 days..Ekart worst performance..overall sound quality awsome the maine thing is we can control bass and trable by remote..READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product .i bought it for 5500 in an offerGood worth for that price..READ MORE,5.0
Bar  super him if not okREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent sound quality,BASS is Excellent.I am happy with this.Ontime Delivery and Installation think you Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"Wow, Very good product at this range..But installation has not given by the Flipkart till nowREAD MORE",5.0
The sound Bar  aswome act like bass 💣READ MORE,5.0
Soundbar good bass good sound quality was good nREAD MORE,5.0
"Good sounds, bassREAD MORE",5.0
Unable to connect with laptop and tvREAD MORE,2.0
Simply i liked it very much....READ MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound quality was awesome and clear, Beats like home theater effects but if your music lover blindly can go 160w because sound volume will be 40 but in 120w 35 so if who people like more sound effects can go 160w.READ MORE",4.0
Sound is not that much loud (160w) i have intex 80w speak sounds similar to this one even at lower wattageREAD MORE,3.0
Nice product 👌 good sound quality. awesome thank you fc..READ MORE,4.0
Quality is good I didn't feel  magic in musicREAD MORE,3.0
Very good indtalletionREAD MORE,4.0
Good soundbar but not as expectedREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing sound. Wonderful bass.Great sound barREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent sound quality value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
bass is high that nothing is audible.. even when bass iskept at -5READ MORE,1.0
Superb product. Happy to purchase in discount...READ MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity was something needs to improve rest seems ok..READ MORE,4.0
Im not satisfied with product... As i expctdREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome soundbar real cinematic experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Super  product.     Nice.  I got it for 4000 rs onlyREAD MORE,3.0
Best in class sound and bass Best products i have a see in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Superb soundbar Bass -100%Sound -100%Design -90% according to meREAD MORE,5.0
Worth of money.....READ MORE,5.0
It's is amazing. Nothing go for others.READ MORE,4.0
SuperiorREAD MORE,3.0
Good .impressive product. Exirdinary base quality .sound quality good.best fibre qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice bass... finishing is goodREAD MORE,5.0
System is beautiful worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass good soundclarity in 3d surround soundREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied 🥳READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome product fully satisfied with this budget friendly device I got it for just 3149rs in August 2020 sale. Very easy to understand features, 2.1 system gives u 5.1output finally lovable product. Installation by Jeeves it's very worst better to opt another by Flipkart otherwise they will loose our trustREAD MORE",4.0
Nice sound 🙂READ MORE,5.0
This is a good sound bar within this range 6999.Thanks.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Under 4000 its good deal. Everything is good.READ MORE,5.0
Midrange fantastic and beats the audio. 1. Design by boat is looking fantastic.2. HDMI Arc and optical given is very best to connect multi option in tv or bluray Player. Aux is for normal tv or mobile can connect..3. Put sound in 35 then it's sound will be clear crispy.4. DTS like surrounding.5. Audio quality awesome6. I bought it for 6278/-READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Sound Clarity . Those who are Bass Lover go for it. My living room False Celling literally Shaking with True Bass !!READ MORE,5.0
good performance worthable productREAD MORE,5.0
Good and great👍👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Bass heavy sound good getting trubble in hdmi arc may cable issue not checked yet with another cableREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Boat brand is  very excellent in sound performance and it's quality within low range of prices . Sound bar gives a very nice clear sound and it has good connectivity.  It's good watch movies and songs ....READ MORE,4.0
Amazing sound quality & awesome bass...love the product thnx Flipkart for a nice product with good dealJust go for it..u ll love itBought it in 4k 80w versionREAD MORE,5.0
very good sound and nice baseREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound bass.....READ MORE,4.0
"Superb product I got it for 3,999 Thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,4.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money...base lover, just go for it. I don't think you can get anything better than this. Ground shaking base.Sound bar has very little audio sound, infact TV is much better. Not recommended for watching movie. Very low audio sound.READ MORE",4.0
"Excellent sound quality. I always admired for JBL,Sony , Philips sound but trust me this is the best deal we can get in an economical price. It’s worth friendREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass sound at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is more than we expected.. we all liked in our family.. thank u so much sellerREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Bass and sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is ok but remote is pathetic. Rs. 10 item.READ MORE,1.0
bass is high that nothing is audible.. even when bass iskept at -5READ MORE,1.0
Superb product. Happy to purchase in discount...READ MORE,4.0
Bluetooth connectivity was something needs to improve rest seems ok..READ MORE,4.0
Easy to install and superb sound quality..no connectivity issuesREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound quality & Build quality also good. Go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Nice.best prodect and best price.thank u flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
Nice product packing nicely I am happy😊READ MORE,5.0
Neglating my product resolving issue sond bar one side not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Sound designe & quality nice ....awesome speakers....READ MORE,5.0
"Very good exilent,bass,tribel,vocals,is good,this prise rang in best colaty ,I'm very satisfied this product,READ MORE",5.0
Best sound bar I got The Sound bar 5 k 120W WattsThank you Flipkart For Fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
It's really good one. Joyful with very good quality of music. Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Good sound super bass....READ MORE,1.0
System is beautiful worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome bass good soundclarity in 3d surround soundREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied 🥳READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome product fully satisfied with this budget friendly device I got it for just 3149rs in August 2020 sale. Very easy to understand features, 2.1 system gives u 5.1output finally lovable product. Installation by Jeeves it's very worst better to opt another by Flipkart otherwise they will loose our trustREAD MORE",4.0
Nice sound 🙂READ MORE,5.0
This is a good sound bar within this range 6999.Thanks.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Under 4000 its good deal. Everything is good.READ MORE,5.0
Midrange fantastic and beats the audio. 1. Design by boat is looking fantastic.2. HDMI Arc and optical given is very best to connect multi option in tv or bluray Player. Aux is for normal tv or mobile can connect..3. Put sound in 35 then it's sound will be clear crispy.4. DTS like surrounding.5. Audio quality awesome6. I bought it for 6278/-READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Sound Clarity . Those who are Bass Lover go for it. My living room False Celling literally Shaking with True Bass !!READ MORE,5.0
Waste of money.... Worked well just 30days after that not working it's been 8months now no response from either Flipkart or boat Simply escaping eachotherREAD MORE,3.0
Very bad sound only bass is goodThis boat is only for bassREAD MORE,1.0
Good quality purchases 3599rsREAD MORE,5.0
Bass is not as iexpectREAD MORE,3.0
Bass bass bass bassREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super  soundh👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Aswm sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Product Not have battery, so there is no point for battery backupREAD MORE",4.0
160W full bass!READ MORE,2.0
AWESOMEREAD MORE,5.0
Super sound bass.....READ MORE,4.0
"Superb product I got it for 3,999 Thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
NycREAD MORE,4.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money...base lover, just go for it. I don't think you can get anything better than this. Ground shaking base.Sound bar has very little audio sound, infact TV is much better. Not recommended for watching movie. Very low audio sound.READ MORE",4.0
Such a amazing sound and Turning bassREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you boatREAD MORE,5.0
Very very bad products and defective product bass not working only soundbar workingWaste off money Complaint to fliepkart team  my order date 5 August and delivery date 6 AugustThen products unboxing to my subwoofer not working and defectiveFliepkart team replacment approved 7 August and 9 Augest delivery date new product delivery and old pick butI am also wating  to promise date  not  delivered to promise date Then fliepkart team is told to 15 August promise today is product delivere...READ MORE,3.0
Super boat 160wt  amezing sound.. really very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Getting some buzz soundsREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
aws sound of soundbar ...it is more effective with subwoofer...READ MORE,5.0
Total Lose in moneyREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 4000 price range...READ MORE,5.0
Easy to install and superb sound quality..no connectivity issuesREAD MORE,4.0
Good sound quality & Build quality also good. Go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Nice.best prodect and best price.thank u flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
