review,rating
I was having Samsung before same 4gb ram and battery back was very good but in redmi with out much of space or app ram speed is very very slow and battery back up draing with a day so not happy with the redmi product .I can return to Amazon with in 7 days but unfortunately our building is effected with covid possiitive so totally issulated no one should have contact with us so can't able to send the return mobile,2.0
"Phone is only for Calling, Whats App and Youtube.I gifted this phone to my mother, so as per her usage i felt its okay.Worst part is camera.... I even had Redmi Note 4.... I seriously felt Note 4  camera is much better that redmi 9.I got this phone in 7500/-",2.0
"Cons :- Orange Back different from that shown in product pictures. Not attractive.- No battery charging indicator light.Once the mobile goes in sleep mode, you cannot figure if it is charging or not.- Defective Sound System : volume is generally low. No Bass At All. Sound Volume goes up and down on its own while playing songs/video.- Extremely Short (half meter) charging cable- Micro-USB B-type port- Outdated handset. Not worth the money.- No RETURN Option despite receiving defective piece- No Option to schedule technician visit before replacement window closes (all slots permanently full)Stuck with a defective handset.No scope of Return & purchasing another model.This feels like fraud.Disappointed with Amazon for the first time.",2.0
"If you pay peanuts you get monkeys - that's quite true for the Redmi 9. With good specs on paper available at the then low price of Rs 9000 I made a greed-fueled decision to go for this. After 3 months I find the glass has scratched all too easily (as opposed to my Lenovo smartphone), the MIUI OS is buggy as hell and the gyroscope just does not work so moving the phone around does not change the orientation in GPS maps (or games). Overall a pathetic device.",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   First worst experience with amazon while purchasing mobile. There is a small creamish spot inside the screen, could be manufacturing defect or could be the result of improper handling. Even after replacement I got a defective piece again with screen tint issue on the left side of the camera. Video posted. Dropped Amazon and went to Flipkart now.",2.0
"Good look phone with 5000mh battery, but camera quality too disappointing. No IR blaster, No C type port. I had purchased redmi 9 (4/64) by exchanging Redmiy3 (3/32) . But actulalky redmi y3 is far better then redmi9. I desire to return it. If any one want to purchase redmi phone then go for redmi 9 prime and avoid to buy redmi9",2.0
4GB RAM 64GB StorageColour: blackDONT BUY THIS MOBILE .Don’t buy this product .Image quality is below average comparing with the specification. Useless camera.And there is NO RETURN POLICY and replacing with same mobile is big headache .DON’T buy this mobile,2.0
"Redmi 9... Other than MIUI 12.0.5, 4GBRAM &64GB this phone is very ordinary. The CAMERA is worst compared to older phones frm XIAOMI..NO LED LIGHT FOR NOTIFICATIONS...overall nothing impressive in this phone.. Quite disappointed.ADDING one PROS abt the phone:Sound quality is good.Battery life good.",2.0
Camera quality not great compared to Oppo.... I don't recommend buying this phone. It gets heated up too soon and sometimes screen gets frozen or keeps flickering...,2.0
I bought this for my mother in law and she expressed that it is not receiving the signal properly where as my father in law samsung at the same home same location is working all fine with same service provider.,2.0
Very bad camera quality. Though RAM is 4GB but performance of Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 is too good (3GB ram). Battery backup is not too good. Very bad picture quality during video call. Not satisfied,2.0
"Display having low Brightness, it's like a basic 4G phone, overall this is enough for 90's kids, 2k kids find a better phone.",2.0
Bettry is good but face some serious problemsLow sound incoming callsFront camera not good like other mobile this Renge,2.0
Worst camera. Camera quality is simply waste.Display brightness also very worstOtherwise it's good.,2.0
If want to use this phone base on camera then don't buy...Doc picture not clear at day light..13 MP Camera just to see but quality like less than 5 MP..Also speaker sound not clear..Others ok.,2.0
The charging wire quality is not good. The wire started melting after 2 days if use and have to buy a new charger out if my pocket.Going 4.5 star for phone but 0 star for charger.,2.0
Very slow n video quality is very poor,2.0
No C Type chargerNo transparent back coverPoor camera qualityOnly battery performance r best....,2.0
With this price it does not have compass to navigate which makes some apps unable to use. Like sky watch. So disappointing. Even smart phone which cost around rs.6000 does have it.,2.0
Battery backup is good. Screen size is good. But display is bad. While watching videos on YouTube it's horrible. And also speaker quality is bad,2.0
Ok,2.0
Poor carma,2.0
"Not a good product, touch is not smooth, camera quality is not 2 out of 5, heavy in weight, hanging problem",2.0
"I have taken mobile phone jst 4th month running, bt its very hard to work and also hang",2.0
Vest product only 25 days used so many problems west product,2.0
No warranty card inside. Product seems to be opened.,2.0
Worst camrea evrrr,2.0
"All are OK but,Fone is going to auto reboot mode",2.0
Basic product with average performance.Can be used for basic usage. Camera quality is really bad. Display is good.,2.0
I purchased for more battery backup but not in 95% charged lower in one day.Camera & screen is good. Redmi9 battery not good.,2.0
Hanging issue don't buy after using one month,2.0
Camera quality very bad,2.0
Don't purchases I sugeested u because camera quality is very low and sound quality is not good worthless mone .,2.0
Worst camera dont expect 13 mp camera .its like VGA camera. Performance and quality ok,2.0
Automatically often mobile is switching off,2.0
Mobile view is perfect but not inside,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Screen went bad within 2 months",2.0
I didn't like camera quality basically took for my mom but I still would suggest redmi 7 pro then this cell,2.0
👎,2.0
Good mobile phone,2.0
"Provided Charger with mobile not properly charge to mobile , it is 5 watt out put charger.",2.0
"After 1 month mobile close automatically no damage , fall , West of money",2.0
This phones battery is damage unden 2 month. In 1 charge it's back up only 3 hours,2.0
The phn doesn't last longer after 5-6 months it's waste just for scrap becomes very slow.,2.0
Camera quality is poor.  I think defects phone delivered to me.  I wish to return please,2.0
"according price quality fine but camera quality not good, and heating on unwanted way!",2.0
Good but screen resolution was not satisfactory,2.0
After call voice is automatically up down this is the problem. Fix them and replace this order,2.0
"Worst camera quality, not able to return, customer care suggesting for some technician visit.",2.0
Phone is very slow work in other smartphones and camera quality low in night and evening time,2.0
- Volume is very less-Not work as snapdragon chip-Picture quality is low,2.0
"Camera is not as good as other phones in this segment, as compared to REALME phones.",2.0
My,2.0
Camera is very poorDon't buy ths mobile,2.0
Find device closed unexpectedlyThis message shown while using phone and restarting....,2.0
Camera quality is worst its very very bad there is no clarity,2.0
Fingerprint is good with reliable battery backup but too por camera quality,2.0
Phone and Battery getting over heated,2.0
camera have very bad quality .,2.0
Front camera quality not good,2.0
Not good quality by camera. And it is hang after some time..,2.0
"Good Battery,Not enough camera quality",2.0
Camera quality is very poor. Heating problem is too much.,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Case missing",2.0
"Front camera is not to good ,but battery is good",2.0
Very bad camera like 2mp and rest all OK,2.0
Display is worst...it has software issues...not worth it,2.0
Camera quality is very bad. Phone's look is very guilty.,2.0
Phone will be switched off and on automatic it’s problem,2.0
Not value for money.. it's money should be 6000. Camera worst,2.0
Overheating and design is not good,2.0
Mobile Good. But CameraQuality bad..😥😥😥,2.0
got a yellow line on the display,2.0
Not as good as expected,2.0
Battery life is good but camera quality normal,2.0
4 camera not available and flase light  is low,2.0
Very slowCamera is wrost,2.0
Phone getting hangs from day 3,2.0
camera quality is poor,2.0
Camera quality is poor,2.0
फोन के साथ बैक कोभर नहीं मिला क्यों,2.0
The camera is not so clear,2.0
Ok,2.0
Very bad camera it's not so clear photo,2.0
Good battery life,2.0
Very poor,2.0
Its  display is blinking,2.0
Speaker problem sound is very low.,2.0
The front camera is very bad 👎,2.0
Camera is not good for everyone,2.0
Recorder voice not clear,2.0
Camera Quality very poor,2.0
Products heating,2.0
Quite ok,2.0
Camera not good quality,2.0
Not good quality camera,2.0
Not satisfactory at all,2.0
Camera quality very low,2.0
Process is slow,2.0
I didn't get earphones,2.0
Defect in display,2.0
Not good,2.0
Coll Rcodig not h,2.0
Not good,2.0
Very bad camera,2.0
Mobile very hag,2.0
Camera is wrost,2.0
Camera not good,2.0
Camera is worst,2.0
It is very good,2.0
Very bad camera,2.0
Not like,2.0
Not good,2.0
display,2.0
Average,2.0
No back cover,2.0
Pathetic product,2.0
Better,2.0
Supar,2.0
Good,2.0
The power key when pressed doesn't wake the phone up in frequent cases (which is the secondary task in most phones). I've raised a return/replace request for this. Will keep it posted on the replacement details.,2.0
"The product is of average quality, only dual cameras doesnt work well. Dont fall for Quad camera display",2.0
"Poor display, poor camera, average processing power. Rest all good.",2.0
Not for this rate i suggest u get very good phone at this range except this redmi 9 according to rate is not fit on redmi 9,2.0
No screen guard or back cover which are usually available inside the box  nowadays.,2.0
इसमें बात करते करते आवाज बदं हो जाती हैं लगा कि नेटवर्क  प्रॉब्लम है अब लगता है की पीस में कुछ प्रॉब्लम है बात करते-करते बंद हो जाता है स्विच ऑफ करने के बाद स्विच ऑन करते हैं तब आवाज आती है इसका का कुछ हो सकता है,2.0
"Average camara and Same Function in all MI phone.Must be update MIUI, overall average mobile.",2.0
the mobile mobile plastic seel is broken..,2.0
average product price range not so good,2.0
Bad phone don't buy it guys,2.0
