review,rating
Very disappointed with the overall performance from Samsung,1.0
"Got the mobile on the launch date,Battery must be appreciatedCamera is just averageMobile performance is above average90hz refresh rate? If u r buying the mobile for this feature then I'm afraid u may get disappointed, it's just normal.The USB cable is too small in lengthIt's a good mobile in this budget, there are no returns for this,  only replacement is available, hence choose wisely before buying",4.0
Camera quality is low,3.0
"In this budget, it has exceeded all expectations .. I have primarily taken this phone for the battery and so far not disappointed",5.0
"1. It doesn't work with 5.0GHz WiFi frequency. 2.4GHz is very old school.2. Camera quality is pathetic (both front and back). Forget about 48MP, pictures are all blur, poorer than a 4MP one.3. Amazon didn't allow to write a review until they sold most of the stock, something very fishy.4. No return policy, you will have to live with the phone you didn't like. Now you decide.",1.0
"Not worth buying....faulty software, poor display quality, single band wifi doesn't support  5ghz WIFI band. Gyro sensor missing and many more. DONT GO BY PAID REVIEWS IN YOU TUBE",1.0
I will never purchase Samsung phones. Phone is lagging too much and slow. Waste of hard earning money.,1.0
This is worst samsung mobile I have seen from samsung. It's sceen quality and colors are trash. Even a old 5000 rs phone can beat it's quality. Please never ever buy this product.,1.0
मोबाइल का कैमरा बिल्कुल भी सही नही है 48 PM बताया और क्लियरिटी 5 मेगा पिक्सल का भी नही है ।मोबाइल भी पुराना सा दिखता है ।इसको नही खरीदे,1.0
The phone hangs a lot and is very slow. I received a replacement which continues to hang,1.0
Just unboxed the phone.Seems to be a better one in this price segment as of now.Just checked with the camera & voice it seems good but one thing it's very heavy in weight may be due to battery.Hope samsung lives upto expectation.,5.0
"Worst camera quality. It is like 2 megapixel camera. Photos are very worst. If you slightly zoom the photo,  you can see blurry...Previously I used 13 megapixel amera phone. Those photos are very good.",1.0
Don't received  handset ejection  pin  and manual.,1.0
Very poor quality camera .Found box seal damage still Amazon not taking it back.waste of money.Phone very slow.Don’t buy from Amazon.Now Amazon started cheating customers to make profits.,1.0
"No 5Ghz wifi band on this mobile, miserable in 2021 , even my previous mobile of Samsung which I bought in 2017 have 5Ghz wifi , it's a big comedy",1.0
Hitting issue,1.0
very poor build qualityvery poor camera piclow quality phoneno return policyvery worst mobilejust making fool to customer by samsung m12 and Amazon,1.0
"Good battery. Heating while charging and using mobile data, camera below average with 48 mp true, looks like 13 mp. Heavy in weight and thickness (okay that 6000 mah) display is not good as other phones in this rage in terms of technology and display ratio. Overall below average in this price.",1.0
Worst product and low quality never expected this kind of product from Samsung even though it's having high end config. It doesn't look that way.Camera utterly disappointed. Never seen this kind of mobile in the recent past and more over if you buy this product you have to bare with it because no return/refund option according to return policy only replacement that disappoints even more. Advising don't waste money on this product.,1.0
"This is perfect phone, good speed, decent specs and outstanding battery life. The look of the device is also attractive. Above all, the trust of company.",5.0
Very bad product.I never think such a product will come from Samsung.It had 48 MP only for show.Photos are not clear .On checking the photo size I found that 12mp again I was astonished I contacted customer care of Samsung they told me to change the camera setting 48 MP then I got photo in 48mp the clear not better than previous one .It gives very low quality photo again.It was my experience.I had bought by dreaming photo clarity.Net work problem is usually Samsung problem here .The only better thing in this phone is battery and quick charging,1.0
"Pros:1. Best Battery i.e. 6000mAh.2. Good Back camera.3. Good and very necessary features by Samsung One UI. (I bet you'll like it)4. Good Performance (I use a lot of apps in multitasking but I don't play games so can't review gaming performance).5. Supports 15WT fast charging.6. Display is good according to the price range. (Don't get confused on poor display reviews.)7. Side positioned fingerprint sensor is good. (In starting you can face problems if you are currently using a back fingerprint sensor)8. Low light image from the back camera is also good. One attached in the image.9. Currently(11/04/21- 15/04/21) this phone is available @11700 (effective price)using Indusind bank cards so it is a loot deal for now. (Lowest ever price for this phone)Cons:1. Very bad front selfie camera which is 8MP (If you are a selfie addict then avoid it)2. Phone is very heavy and big in size.3. Adaptive brightness is not up to the mark.4.Animations are a little bit slow.5. Contact searching speed in the contacts app is very slow.(Resloved after update)6. After every update they install MX Takatak, Moz like apps which you can uninstall anytime. ( I think to make this phone that much affordable they are trying few methods of Mi and other Chinese brands.)Result: Best phone with all the latest features in this price range. @ 11700 - 12500Important(For those reviews who are saying the phone is slow): Got to developer options(Search Google for how to enable it ) and then Set Windows Animation Scale to .5x, Transition Animation Scale to .5x, Animator Duration to .5x. (Earlier all 3 developer options are set to 1x that's why the phone seems a little bit slow).Update: After update Contact searching speed became very good.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I don't know why Amazon is compromising on its quality to deliver  product's,  its evident nowadays, Recently I have got Samsung M12 product on 7 April 2021 the exchange date is 14 April 2021 ,Now after 7 days this phone display is gone , there is a blur continously in the screen,",1.0
Product is okayBut I cancelled order to get discount by paying for the same product by credit card.Disappointed that it was rejected.,1.0
This phone is not compatible with 5 GHz wifi. I have JioFiber which is having 142 Mbps speed but my wifi network is not visible in phone's WIFI.I called to Samsung customer care and he informed that this phone will be connected to wifi which is having 2.5 GHz.I am returning back this product.,1.0
"1. Mobile is heavy,2. Company has given 48 Megapixel Camera, but camera quality is very poor,3. Mobile is not slim, and it is very thick mobile,4. Screen size is narrower than image5. Never buy, this mobile it is the waste of moneyAs per Amazon Policy they are not ready to return the product, I have wasted my money on this mobile.",1.0
"""Sir, I am really sorry however, M12 supports 802.11 b/g/n 2.4GHz.""- This is the response from Samsung customer service when I inquired why not able to detect to my Router 5G. Even 6K Chinese mobiles have 5G detection - so before you buy think and check as the mobile has very limited features. The battery life is not great while it is 6000.... and camera is very normal standard. The mobile as a whole is a big compromise to the cost and is not a value for money product.",2.0
"Amazon did a great job with the delivery of this product. Ordered and received on the same day.On the phone: I am happy with it. Have been using this phone for 3 days. The battery lasts for 1and half days with gaming and binge watching videos.The screen is comfortable. No issues on the screen, though  it is not amoled for an average user it is not a big difference.For the price this is a great buy, of course there is no snapdragon chip. But the exynos 850 is 8nm and at this price point is comparable to most snapdragon 6series chipsets.Camera is decent. As long as you are not a professional photographer,  this will be good enough to take atleast average if not great pics. (Some  pics are really great).This is definitely not an iPhone or one plus. But for the price it definitely is great.",4.0
Worst product by samsung.Don't buy this mobile.Very slow charging. In one hour charge upto 3 to 4 percent onlyDisplay is too poor qualityDischarge very fast . In a day you have to charge 2 timesCamera is very bad.,1.0
Don't get duped by this phone. The description of the phone does not describe wifi support anywhere. Who makes a phone without 5GHz support in the year 2021!!! Apparently Samsung does. This pathetic piece of plastic does not support for 5GHz wifi.,1.0
"The phone has good battery better than most other phones.The performance is not upto the mark. Camera doesn’t look like 48 pixel.Writing 48 pixel camera, 6GB RAM and not experiencing such level of performance based on specs raises doubts on Samsung.Definitely compare with other phones in the before marking a purchase decision",3.0
"First time i am faced the problem online purchase, after 10 Days mobile display nit working, the acko insurance party not collecting, he told go to service center and  repair it we can reimbursing the invoice amount, but when i am going to add bank details these is A difficulty in IFSC Code. Till today my mobile not ready and not possible to online Update,",1.0
"Mobile have a decent look,For this money range we should not expect high,It will flexible to our parents for youth, you should think twice,Battery life was good, Fingerprint was perfect,Face unlock when light was sufficient it works good,In low light bit late but works.Main drawback was weight of mobile it was bit heavy.Front Camera have decent image in daylight, but we will observe Noise in Image.Something with back Camera.This review is purely my experience with M12 mobile.",3.0
"It's budget phn with all facilities plus Samsung brand... It's a good choice... You can buy it without doubt if you want a good battery life,  good picture quality,  good camera, also its not lagging in game, good processor and ram with no overheating issue... In this budget it's the best budget and pocket friendly phone. You can't expect more in this budget",5.0
"Such an awesome phone ruined by a biggest lack of a most important and basic feature, GREAT battery life, camera, UI, lives up to its reputation;Great specs all round, only thing to be vary of is that it DOES NOT SUPPORT 5GHz band wifi “5G wifi”When you buy a phone with such great specs, it’s a real shame that the only thing slowing it down is a lack of fast internet speeds due to hardware limitation. Not having support for 5GHz in 2021 is 🤮🤮",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It is best at this cost from a brand like samsung. Display resolution is HD but it's 90 Hz. Battery life is awesome lasts 2 days. Camera is disappointing though. There isn't any gcam available yet. No silicon case in box. One UI is the best UI I have ever used yet. Fast updates. 15 Watt charger included takes almost 2 hrs for full charge which lasts for almost 2 days",4.0
"The phone works rather smoothly has a decent battery life where it lasts the entire day with the charge being at 47% by midnight. The camera performs well for the price, except the camera quality in the dark is grainy, and could be better. There is a weight to it which adds to the build of the phone. There is one speaker grill on the right side of the phone and has excellent audio. Would recommend 10/10",5.0
"What benefit we will get if I have 6gb or 8gb ram. How come this mobile will not provide dual band wifi, means I am getting low Internet speed with that single band wifi feature. Very much disappointed with this big drawback. Even lower price mobiles are giving this feature but not m12. Samsung smartly avoided by not mentioning this in the product description.",2.0
"Fingerprint reader is really good and quickBattery life is good tooCamera quality is decent, since I m not much into photography I am goodProcessor isn't powerful enough to run heavy games , but it don't play heavy games, so this mobile is perfect for meAbsence of secure folder is kinda heartbreaking but nothing that we can't manage",4.0
"Had a mix up Galaxy M21 with M12 . Both comes next to next when you search for M21 . The price of the 6 GB varient of m12 and 4 GB of m21 is also the same . Only problem is M21 is Super amoled , Full HD with latest processor .  No comparison with both . Realized this only on unboxing when the screen looked very ordinary on running the phone .The lag to move from one function to the next is glaring ( even when it is brand new ). Reported this to amazon . They could not help as the seller support page is just a computer generated one which just runs you in circles . Basically no way to contact seller. Only a postal address - in todays world how is it even going to work?  Tried seller website .No reply . I was more than willing to Pay more since it was partly my mistake . Feel cheated with price of a decent phone which starts off slower than my 4 yr old current phone . If only the seller could help .",1.0
"Unnecessary samsung apps, which you can't uninstall. If you are not tech savvy, you are gonna face lot of problems. All the unnecessary apps will be automatically downloaded. There are pre installed apps, you neither can uninstall nor block notifications.Camera is worst in this price range. No fast charging opting available. Battery life is good. Finger print reader is ok.",2.0
I bought this phone to last 5years(thus OPPO or Vivo was not an option).........my first phone was Samsung metro.......now it's Samsung galaxy m12..........user interface is good.......the phone barely looses any charge when idle or used via wired earphones..........satisfied till now,5.0
Mobile is too bulky.. and thickness is too much 9.7 mm. Not looking like modern phone. Samsung pls work on weight and thickness. Customer won't require big battery give 5000mah is enough. Give some modern look with max 8.5 mAh thickness.. talk about procesdor its entry level processor of 6-7 k phones. But u give in 11k phone.. atleast use G35.,1.0
"I wanted to have a phone 6 GB RAM and 128 GB ROM and 7000 mAH battery with large display and good picture quality in budget. This phone has satisfied me a lot, however this phone has 6000 mAH battery. I am much satisfied now. After one year or more than one year, It should not be slow and hang. I will rate this phone 8 number out of 10.However it's a better deal.",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Tik tik soung of plastic coming from charging jack/slot area..may be because of not sealing the phone properly or their is a gap inside. And sometimes my phone is fully charged and and charger is not attached then its showing at the bottom charged 92 % and remaining time of fully charge is showing 24 minutes.",1.0
"Bought this for my parents and they love it. As I am using A52 myself, I feel M12 delivers at its price range and then some. The fingerprint sensor is fast and accurate. Having 90 Hz Adaptive display is wonderful.Camera is decent as well, with options for Macro (attached) and Wide Angle being good as well. Haven't experienced any lags on medium workloads.Android 11 with updated UI, Smart View, Dolby Atmos, Good Battery Life are some highlights.Very satisfied with the purchase.",5.0
i feel like cheated by amazon and samsung its not even a month and my phone stopped working with no reason this was not expected and visited to samsung centre as well but they were saying that only non warranty sets are getting fixed during this lockdown period then i asked them to fixed my set out of warranty (i was ready to pay as well) then they said that your mobile display is need to be change and there is no display available in India for my phone and from that day i am not having any smartphone as i am saving money and trying to bear this pain n loss.amazon hats off to u cheaters.,1.0
"Satisfied with product. Camera quality is okay. Other than that, its a samsung, whoever is used to samsung will love the functioning of this device too.If you are a samsung lover, definately go for it. If you are conscious about new features, gaming, camera quality other options might be available at given price point. Its great for day to day tasks and surfing internet, social media and all. Thumbs up for Samsung",5.0
"Got this as a replecement for my samsung M11. The M12 is way better than M11. Better photo quality, better performance and faster performance. I got the blue phone which looks decent as well. I feel it's worth the 13500 I paid for it.",4.0
"Not amoled display but at this price you don't deserve amoled, it is an hd display but u deserve new android 11 but it is based on android 10 and needed the "" one ui "" updated version. My old phone m30 is 2 year old but it has awesome features in "" one ui "" but this has not,  hope software update gave all this features.  But battery life is awesome and camera is average. 🙂🙂",4.0
Not worth of moneyNot aviled for any special futureIts does noteven have the normal features that other mobile have😔😔😔😔😔,3.0
"As Samsung shows its quality in every launch, this is also a good product in mid range mobiles. All things are good if u r an average user, for high performance gaming & photography other high end models are preferred.",5.0
A good buget phone with great battery life.I usually use it for gaming because I can't buy a gaming phone it to expensive. But I can play seemingly all kind of game without lag(I dont mean games like genshin imapact).Overall goodValue for money:8/10 (reason low resolution  comparedd to other  budget smart phone  under 12000)Camera:9/10 (under this price tag the camera  qualityy is good)Chipset:8/10(under this price tag)Battery:10/10(best in this price tag)Overall:7/10,4.0
Just stopped working after few hoursIt seems it has a bug. It doesn't work for quite a few hours in the evenings. Not sure how long,1.0
"Bit disappointed even after spending 13500 ,you will not getting 5g on wifi this operates only 2.4 g,camera is not up to the mark....battery is good . fingerprint is on lock button this is another drawback.",3.0
"The purpose behind my purchase is accidentally my Samsung A10 fell down and lost the display, so immediately I have selected this model without any second thought, because of the brand value, value for money, features, user-friendly what not all features.  We are happy with this purchase and the way we received our order very timely.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Phone is good at this price. Battery life is long. It will lasts upto 2 days if you are doing simple tasks on it.Processor is good.But one thing here is to mention that, if you are looking for good camera quality phone this is not it. Its front camera is not good. Picture quality ruining when you zoom in. So Overall good phone 🖖 except camera 📷",5.0
Tʜɪs Sᴀᴍsᴜɴɢ ɢᴀʟᴀxʏ M12  ɪs ᴍᴏsᴛ ʙᴇsᴛ ᴘʜᴏɴᴇ ᴡɪᴛʜ ɴᴇᴡ ᴠɪʀsɪᴏɴ.I ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴡᴀɴᴛ ᴀ ʙᴇsᴛ ᴘʜᴏɴᴇ ᴛʜᴇɴ ᴏғ ᴄᴏᴜʀsᴇ ʏᴏᴜ ʙᴜʏ ɪᴛ ᴡɪᴛʜᴏᴜᴛ ᴀɴʏ ᴅᴏᴜʙᴛ.Oғ ᴄᴏᴜʀsᴇ ɪᴛ ɪs ʙᴇsᴛ ᴘʜᴏɴᴇ ʙᴜᴛ ʀᴇʟᴏᴅᴇᴅ sᴘᴇᴇᴅ ɪs ᴍᴏsᴛ ʜᴀʀᴅ ʟɪᴋᴇ ᴀ ᴍᴏɴsᴛᴇʀ ʀᴇʟᴏᴀᴅᴇᴅ sᴘᴇᴇᴅ.Iᴛs ᴀʟʟ ғᴇᴛᴜʀᴇs ᴀʀᴇ ʙᴇᴛᴛᴇʀ ᴛʜᴇɴ ᴀɴᴏᴛʜᴇʀ sᴍᴀʀᴛ ᴘʜᴏɴᴇ .Sᴏ ɪ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ʏᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ ʙᴜʏ ɪᴛ ᴡɪᴛʜᴏᴜᴛ ᴀɴʏ ᴅᴏᴜʙᴛ.I ᴛʜɪɴᴋ sᴏᴍᴇ ᴛɪᴍᴇs ᴀᴡᴀʏ ᴍᴀɴʏ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇs ᴜsᴇ ᴛʜɪsᴘʜᴏɴᴇ .Iᴛ ɪs ʟᴏᴡᴇsᴛ ᴘʀɪᴄᴇ ᴡɪᴛʜ ɢᴏᴏᴅs ᴀɴᴅ ʙᴇᴛᴛᴇʀ ǫᴜʟɪᴛɪᴇs.ᴛʜᴀɴᴋʏᴏᴜ ғᴏʀ ʀᴇᴀᴅɪɴɢ ᴛʜɪsAᴠᴅʜᴇsʜ Kᴜᴍᴀʀ,5.0
The phone is a good one to use. It is a 6.5 inch but is handy to use for its balance. It has a 6000 mah battery which gives it a great battery backup with a decent fast charger. It has also a good UI( One UI 3.0). Overall it's a good smartphone which can beat some flagship phone too.,5.0
Well if the question comes what I dislike  about  the phone is absolutely  nothing  it is a proper handy phone allows  to have a well grip. The quad camera  allows  to take  a full depth  of a picture enrich  in color and to take a true tone photo. The finger print is fast like thunder like a touch of your finger and opens in front  of you. The battery  is cool to use you could  say a PowerBar with phone and the make and feel of the phone is like your bide on the wedding night. A cool phone to use and recommend  others.,5.0
"Received the phone on time as promised. The battery backup is just fabulous - 6000 mAh definitely the power backup requirement that every phone needs. Easy to use phone, but some apps are pre loaded which can be deleted if not using. But definitely way ahead than all the other chinese brands. With 6Gb RAM, using the phone is as smooth as silk. I would recommend this phone with the 6GB / 128GB config to others.",5.0
Samsung is really worst company.many time I unable to receive the phone calls.I will never buy Samsung phones anymore. I don't know why they forcefully added their apps in the phone and you can't remove them.,1.0
"Bought the Samsung M12. Good purchase. Worth the price.Likes:1. Exceptional Battery backup2. Fast processing for Game Play3. Good Display clarity4. Very responsive Biometric sensors, especially Face RecognitionNot so Good Camera clarity especially during night time in artifical light. Also, the speaker sound could have been louder.",5.0
No doubt battery is awesome.Camera quality also upto mark.No complaints.Handset response slight slower as compared to other brands with same specifications.Recommended for low budget seekers with good specifications  specially battery purpose.,5.0
"I bought the phone the 6GB ram version and have been using it for three days now. Tge functions are smooth and the camera and screesize are great for the prize. It also gets fully charged in an hour. Will review again after a few more days. Can accomodate 2 sim cards plus a sd card simultaneously. Also the finish as the back is textured and matte, not glossy like it seems in the pictures.",4.0
"It is written that""Whats in the box Handset, Ejection Pin, Manual, Data Cable and Travel Adaptor""I received only Mobile, Data Cable & Adaptor there is no handset Ejection pin manual warranty card and proper bill",1.0
"Grt product at this price, bank offer also applied.Camera rating 2 starDisplay 2 starBattery & Performance 5 star.Over all good product at this price.",5.0
Camera Quality is great with good processing speed and classy features. Only limitation is with the 5 GHz wifi connection. It only connects to 2.4 GHz wifi network.,4.0
"Samsung is good brand.  I like this phone so very much, it has perfect camera quality, no hang issue, good sound quality and perfect in size and shape.  Fully satisfied according to price. Thanx Samsung for giving such a wonderful phone in reasonable cost.",5.0
"The mobile takes around 4 hours, and gets drained out in 2-3  hours (ONLY WiFi enable and NO GPS, NO Wif-Calling, NO Hotspot, NO Hotspot, NO Bluetooth) without any usage.Further, the Amazon replacement process is too lengthy and bad. You'll have to go through a technician home visit in the process.",1.0
"Samsung really needs to stop fooling customers with its marketing and needs to improve its products to compete other brands. This new samsung m12 is a piece of crap and wastage of money. The sound is too low. If the phone is ringing, you can't hear even if you are sitting next to it. The design is okay. No new or nothing very impressive. Copied the F12 in terms of design",1.0
"+ PointsGood Budget Phone.Good DisplayGood Outlook- PointsToo heavy, due to big battery.The camera is not that effective.Takes longer to charge",4.0
Fingerprint senser is not so sensitive. One has to put his/her finger very tightly.Battery charges slow since it supports 15 watt charger. It drains faster if adaptive motion is set to 90 hz.Camera quality is decent but it should be improved. In 48 mp mode flash will not work.It's backlight remains always on due to which processor is heated.Speakers are very slow.,2.0
"I already have one Samsung M20. After buying this new M12, I installed Samsung smart switch on both phones. It  transferred all data except messages in thousands. I raised request with Samsung. They clarified it is software bug and update would be provided within 24 Hrs. It's third day, no update is received. I am returning new M12 phone.",1.0
Brought this mobile on March 30. I am not satisfied with this mobile. It's getting heat when we use it for the normal phone calls without internet as well. When i checked with Samsung service center they said that if the mobile heat goes beyond 48°C then they can look into it. Not sure who will be able to withstand this mobile heat when they are talking. Pls don't buy.,1.0
"I am the user  of only Samsung.  Compared to other models that I have been using till date , this model doesn't satisfy me. The signal strength is low compared to other brands in this price and specifications.Overall I am not satisfied with this model.",2.0
"seems a seconds phone like factory reject or a repaired version like refurbished maybe,it's bent,the screen can't be covered with tempered glass as the phone is curved.",1.0
"a good phone at this cost.fingerprint and face lock works perfectly fine.camera is also good in this cost(do not expect stability).there is no lag while using.The best part is battery, if you are not a heavy end user then you even need not see the battery for even 2 days, once it is fully charged.the worst part is display, very poor visibility in daylight.",3.0
The phone built quality seems good. The weight is a little more than expected. Battery life and camara is good. Latest version of Android is also provided. Better finger print reader was expected. Bigger size scanner on back would be better.,4.0
"Totally unsatisfied with the PLS TFT display and heavyweight.PLS TFT screen is low quality couldn't enjoy video steaming. If you are in habit of watching a movie and playing gaming then you can search for other better mobile,Now both Amazon and Samsung refused to accept return or provide me replacement of better quality display (i.e, Amoled, IPS Display).",1.0
"This is the best smartphone in budget smartphones. The camera quality and clarity of samsung m12 is very good. Battery life 6000mh isvery powerfull it will stand for long life. Fingerprint reader is also good, it will give fingerprint reader at power button which gives it classy and unique look. Overall it is outstanding smartphone in low budget.",5.0
"I have samsung a50, comparing the camera quality this M12 is dull and poor inspite this being quad camera setup. Only this battery life is good. And provided the budget can't complain much. But still there are many good camera quality smart phones available in this range. Advice you all to check in person and then order the device",3.0
Excellent phone with reasonable price tag and with the assured service of Samsung. Camera quality is quite good compared to redmi (Chinese) products. Battery Life is awesome with fastest 80nm processor. Display is good but i was expecting fhd+ display but current quality is also good with 90hz display overall it is midrange phone and i satisfied with the phone,5.0
Don't BuyWorest mobile ever by SamsungI am Samsung user only.. otherwise we can get better mobile of other brands.. I want only Samsung brand. But this time it's totally waste of money.I am not happy with this model.. NO CAMERA Clearity..Heating problemCamera ProblemDisplay Third classDO NOT BUY,1.0
Its grip is great.you dont need a cover to avoid fall.cameras are great. Its a feast to take any kind of pictures with numerous options.Screen size is just right for watching videos and reading ebooks.Quick accezsbiljty options to lock unlock screen is very handy.Memory is big.dont have to worry about cleaning up space often,4.0
One drop within 1ft height ... Screen shattered ... Though phone spec & display is good ... screen is not at all durable. Same screen shatter issue in M31 as well.,3.0
Damage product reshived hua hai or koi help nahi ki ja rahi haiअमेजॉन से प्रोडक्ट मंगाया था यह अभी तक 20 का कोई सर्विस नहीं हुआ है कोई नहीं पिकअप भी नहीं आर्डर पेंडिंग में और जो अमाउंट थी वह भी कट गया है 20 दिन हो चुके हैं पूरे,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I got this product at 9k after discount . The fingerprint sensor is worst whereas battery and camera are ok. The screen function lags sometime but after latest update few of the bugs solved",4.0
"High speed, Hi quality camera & speakers, latest features",5.0
"All the features are good v nice camera, value for money but the only problem is that the phone is little heavy and after putting a back cover it becomes more heavy, rest it's superb product from samsung 👌👍",4.0
never buy this Samsung below 17k mobiles all the worst mobiles they wont function at all in all angles and more over battery 🔋 the worst experience,1.0
Phone performance is good for daily uses. Battery performance is good enough for a day.i like fingerprint sensor is fast n simple to use. I'm disappointed with the given camera quality. Phone heating issues comes when used continuously with normal function and playing games.fast is not that fast. But I like this Phone at this price range.,4.0
"It's a beast at 9999 with ICCCI bank discount. 6000 mah battery with 24h+ backup. Ways camera which clicks beautiful pictures. TFT screen - can't expect more with this price. Performance is good. And the best is the finger print sensor, it's ultra first and the fingerprint on the power button makes the phone more beautiful.",5.0
Brought this M12 Samsung device on 19th Mar 2021. Device is excellent/ responding quickly / no heating even after continuous usage for 4 hours / Good battery backup.  I feel only one drawback that is the battery charging.....it's taking 2.5 hour's for full charge but Samsung saying Fast Charging.  Good to buy.,4.0
"This product is worth in its price value.A must buy phone for day to day working,battery is amazing, display is great as per price.Overall a good non Chinese phone.",4.0
Don't believe paid negative review because this phone is a Masterpiece I am very honest you can buy this phone this is best budget phone2 days battery life in single charge camera qualitie is blockbusterQuickest fingerprint sensorBlockbuster phone 👍👍👍👍👍👍,5.0
Bought this for my mom. The product is great with all features working perfectly. Go for it - it's a great phone in the budget.,4.0
"Have used the phone for a month. Works very well so far, no obvious issues. Haven't tried some features (e.g. fingerprint reader, dual Sim). It's great that it utilizes Android 11  (the most recent version), although too many apps are preloaded. Camera/video recorder works well. Good product in this category. Exceeded my expectations.",5.0
"The Samsung Galaxy M12 is a Battery monster(as advertised) it will last a lot longer than the typical smartphone and it's worth the money spent on it, my only problem is the 720p display, samsung could have gone with a 1080p oled but the display here is not horrible, the image quality is quite good actually, and One UI 3.1 is awesome.",5.0
"Best phone at this price range. Amazing battery life, only con is- selfie camera is not up to the  mark (according to MP level)",5.0
इस फोन में बहुत सारे प्रॉब्लम है चार्ज में लगाने के बाद फोन ऑटो ऑफ हो जाता है फिर उसे ऑन करने में घंटों लग जाते हैं मैं किसी को राय नहीं दूंगा कि इस फोन को परचेज करें और आप कभी भी आर्डर करें आपको सेकंड हैंड मोबाइल ही दिया जाएगा डिस्प्ले में डॉट रहता है बाकी बहुत सारे मल्टीपल प्रॉब्लम है फाइनली यह फोन नहीं लेना चाहिए,1.0
The phones design is amazing. We'll suited for all the heavy duty. Budget high range phone. Battery lasts for 2 days. At full usage lasts till the end of the day. Camera quality is top notch. Phone is worth the buy. The samsung ui is just extraordinary.  The processor and screen is much better than other budget phoned like redmi.,5.0
"I bought this phone for my mother and am happy with the purchase. It is pretty easy to use for anybody in one's household. The storage space,  and overall speed and performance of the phone is also great!",5.0
Everything with the phone is super nice apart from a couple of things: finger reader lags for 2-3 sec before response & Google Maps keep on flickering while on navigation mode,4.0
Overall  Phone is superb in this price range. Samsung need to make sure availability of suitable Covers so that it's finger print reader is easily accessible.,5.0
The camera quality and the battery health attracts the phone. The price range is really beneficial. People who need to click photos and watch Netflix and are internet savvy should have this. Price worthy overall. The processor is pretty good and fingerprint sensor could have been on the screen but presently it is not that bad.,5.0
I expect fingers print reader should be on screen or back of the phone but it's at the edge on power button which is uncomfortableRest is fine and better at this price,3.0
"Do not buy.Waste of moneyFront camera have a huge issue. It's manufacturing defectsI want to give 0 star, but option not available",1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   At this price, fingerprint reader, battery life and camera quality are very good. However as because it is a LCD based display , display quality is not that great. Again considering the cost it is good. 90hz refresh rate is not experienced.",4.0
Battery life is really good. Design is also very good. Quad camera quality is really impressive at this price. Good sound quality and refresh rate is also awesome. Fingerprint reader works very smoothly.,5.0
This product is defective. Camera and touch response very bad.battry time only 1hour. And delivery boy is not delivered parsel at my home.10 km away from my home and he ask and take order.,1.0
Liked the storage and camera quality is decent don't use the camera much so does not matter. Lot of blotware which installs unwanted apps.No option to take screenshots have to press the volume and power button.,4.0
Third class product.Camera quality So poor.Front camera and rear camera both  quality very poor.very basic camera app.Only  battey back up is good.Not recommended. Better buy any redme phone.So poor quality  product,1.0
Best phone to buy in this price range .Battery backup is awesome. Phone body is good . Camera is decent OK OK types.Powered by Knox security.,5.0
"Received the mobile on the launch dateCamera is averageBattery seems goodSeems some resolution issue , Youtube or Facebook videos are not showing in better qualityThere is no magnetic sensor (the compass app not working )Sound seems very low (speaker) for calls and songs",2.0
"Very worst product.lagging.battery written 6000 mah but not works for even a day. Battery drainage problem. No sensor gyroscope, written one UI 3.1 but gives core version of UI. Never buy this phone never. Don't buy samsung cheap phone they are always worst. Even redmi go has better feature then this cheap phone.",1.0
"I bought this phone for my father. What a best phone, Clean interface, easy to use,best battery (I charged full 2 days back and still battery running 50%, happy) best camera performance.",5.0
Its a very good phoneThe camera quality is very good whoever has written worst camera actually dont know how to use itSomeone interested in this phone can definitely buty it as it is very good phone . Design is also very good and in hamd feel is very good fits perfectly well in our hand,5.0
The phone was fantastic .......On a scale of 1 to 10 I will give it 9 ......The thing that I didn't like about this is that it has very less storage ........Otherwise very good  MUST BUY,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Thank you  samsung  .This is my first mobile,  it is soon good to all the fetcher,  in my opening camera is need much better  other wise this mobile  is very very good .Thanks  samsung",5.0
Not a bad phone but sound quality is very low even with loudspeaker on.This is very bad for this mobile.When  more than 2 people are connected on whatsapp conference mobile goes on mute and other people can't hear our voice.,3.0
"It has only 2.4Ghz wifi but processor is capable of 5GHZ wifi , very powerful  battery  life, it have some ads in Samsung interfaces, its have good  90hz display , camera  quality  not good its below  average",4.0
"i purchased M12 this week 6gb ,128 gb. i amazed about the battery back up . it has excellent speed while browsing .In this price range , no best model avaialble . earlier i have been using A70 which is high end but still M12 is performing same. thanks samaung for the wonderful research for this product..",5.0
If you want full control of your phone.. don't buy this one. This phone work on its own...it will download many apps which you don't even know without asking you... So be aware...,2.0
Overall performance is good but the display resolution is 720p which is the worst part of mobile.Camera is OK.90hz refresh rate is good.Fingerprint sensor is great.Eventually I would not recommend to buy this mobile if you are not samsung lover.In this price range there are other good option too.,3.0
"Charger  hitting proplme and prosser  bad  and video recording  sitting nahi h and app drawer  sitting nahi h very poor quality, good  fingerprints , good  battery,  camera low quality",2.0
"M12 has very worst lcd display which is not even good for the eyes.camera quality is worst,video quality is not so good.Generally if you are thinking that product has many features then you will be mistaken.not worth of money so choose a better and high end product in Samsung.",1.0
The phone is too heavy to handle camera is too poor battery ok. Overall Amazon service is bad I tried to return product but before delivery but no option to return and process refund even customer service also bad because I paid online I have to product even though I didn't like really disappointed 😞,1.0
Good budget phone for normal user. Great battery life. General samsung performance.Used for 2 months. If your bugets fits will recommend this phone.Not for Gamers :). Go away gamers from this device.,5.0
"Product was bought without physically checking it. I preferred Samsung over Chinese phone but their phone design is far better than Samsung in same budget. Screen is too big to hear any call, speakers are very bad, overall design is not very good, heavy to handle.",2.0
Decent phone with good battery back up more than 1 day with good usage. Design is good to hold in hand. Screen is good. Touch is good. Camera is ok types with decent pics in daylight however in artificial light its average.Overall a decent buy at this price.,4.0
1.Poor Display2.Poor Camera.3.Too much slow performance is too poor4.Plastic quality.5.No Gorilla Glass.6.Poor Toch for FingprintGood1.Good Batter Life,2.0
"Not a good mobile, not expected this kind of mobile from Samsung.Battery - not standing even a day.Full charging takes 3 hours to charge battery.Camera quality is not good.Mobile fast- working with 2gb ram speed instead 4gb ram",3.0
"High level - it's goodCons -It feels like so much weight.While using much time, it becoming slow.Camera is but slow compared to other android's.Pros -Great design.Much battery life.Big screen to view movies & games.",4.0
Performance is good but Camera is very poor and 90 h display is not helping in making a undersaturated display little fun in daily use.In this price range go for Mi,2.0
"This phone is great at the price range of under11k . This phone has good camera, battery is awesome and the 90 hz display is great but the pros in this phone is it does not have gyroscopic sensor which is to be their at this price range also at this price range they should provide us a good display.",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very good packaging, delivery and excellent phone. The phone has a very good battery life and the camera is very good and takes excellent photos. It's a decent phone very fit for this price range. It's worth buying, worth the price.",5.0
The audio speaker is not working since beginning. Didn't notice since was using headphones most of the times (Purchase Date: 2nd April).  It's impossible to take calls without headphone or loudspeaker as the audio output slot is not functional at all!! Samsung please help!!,1.0
Battery is too good at its performance. Camera was as it is specified in the specs. Display is also good,5.0
"I loved it, Great Battery life , Screen Quality,  and Camera Quality is also Good. I'm happy with the product.",5.0
Phone is heavy. Camera quality is not upto the mark when compared with redmi note 9 and other phones in same category.Display is just average.Speed is good. Remaining all the features are good,3.0
Charger not working within a month of purchase.The mobile is very good for its price.The fingerprint & face recognition is not upto mark.Camera & battery are good,4.0
"Fingerprint  sensor is very bad, camera quality is worst, battery life is not performing like a 6000 mah. Phone started hanging from the day 2nd. Build is good. Any phone of Xiaomi, even lower than this price will be performing much more better than this phone.",1.0
Delay in Screen response.No compass app runs as basic requirement of compass app doesn't meet.Front camera resolution is low.Phone gangs some time.Won't recommend at this price.,2.0
Battery is good lasts for 1day after continue net brwosingFingerprint is good as expectedCamera quality quite best,1.0
Camera quality I am wondering why there are claiming 48MP. Previously I used Samsung j7 max 16mp that can take better pictures.Battery Good.Processor Good for normal usage.Fingerprint sensor so Good.Overall good budget phone for normal usage.,4.0
With new replacement phone is very good and fast. Multi tasksing also more good. Battery life is awesome. On the whole best phone at this budget,5.0
Battery life is very good. But it's fast charger is slower than Redmi Note 5 pro normal charger.Camera quality is also good in this price range. I have purchased this mobile for my child's online classes. My child is fully satisfied with its performance.,5.0
"I am little bit worried about this product, it is 6000mAH battery but the charge exhausted within 24 hours. Second, charger is 15w fast charger but it takes almost 2hours 20 minutes for full charging. Third, Camera quality is not like 48mp. I am not fully satisfied with this product.",4.0
This is a good budget phone. 6GB Ram is a plus point here. Display is decent. 90 Hz makes a difference while scrolling and feels smooth. Loaded with good Samsung features. Rear Camera is decent in day lightings. Front camera is poor. Phone is heavy but its ok once get habitual to it.,4.0
"Hi Amazon,We bought this mobile, but seems to be issue with Mobile.it is Heating continuously..If possible, please change our Mobile.",1.0
Worst Product... don't buy this... cheap quality camera... not expected from Samsung... feed cheated.... have been using Samsung phones for 7 years..  never buy Samsung phone ever..,1.0
"Its good at this price, its been a week since I have used it high end games work smoothly, the battery does not drain or heat up while playing such games, the only average quality this phone has is its camera quality. It should have been improved with the given price.",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   The phone hangs a lot everyday for atleast 2 times. Then it automatically switches off and restarts. Touch response is really bad on this one. Doesnt even give the feedback of having 6gb ram. Seems less than 2gb",1.0
"Display, Battery, Size, look, processor all Good. Camera needs to be better.Only phone and charger you will get. No headphone.!!!!",4.0
Very heavy product. Plz check actual weight before buying. Samsung states it to be of 221 gram but it was 265 grams when we physically checked. We didn't evaluated phone for other features as weight of phone was itself biggest negative feature.,1.0
Best Product in this range and not for heavy  drivers  .Much  better  for daily use  and medium productivity purpose.Rear  Camera shoots  steady videos and detailed pictures.,5.0
Mobile good great product by Samsung.And Amazon services very very amazing 👏👌Actually my product delivery day is Tuesday but product come Saturday its mind blowing services I am fully happy,5.0
"Camera(slow motion missing) nice, processor goodFor app lock you should download application,Not having enough inbuilt like Mi if you use Mi you will be little disappointed bz at ds price Mi give more system and user friendly phone",3.0
Really disappointed after receiving the mobile. Over weight and there is wifi calling option no headphones no screen cover and case cover.. Bettry to go with redmi mobile,2.0
Been using this product for almost a month now. Great battery. Good and sharp fingerprint sensor. Camera quality is average.. could've been better. Processor also could've been a bit better. Very rarely the phone hangs. Overall a good buy at this price !!,4.0
Best Phone with good battery life allows full day of runtime while running heavy gaming applications.Decent Cam performance by primary lense of 48MP.Finger print scanner works perfectlyFeels robust build while holding this phone.,4.0
"Great product, my previous phone was a70, this phone is as good as a70that I bought 2 years ago",5.0
Battery is ultra super.. charging speed is also good however the quality of camera is third class ..super bakwass.. quality is even less than of 5 mega pixel camera .. this is genuine review but I like the battery backup very much so iam using this phone,4.0
Only battery back up is nice. Camera quality is not good. Finger print reader is fine not up to mark ........ I suggest don't go on videos of you tube regarding the videos of this modelI would never buy mobile phone specially from any online stores,2.0
Review after 7days of use: Fingerprint reader is really good and battery life also recommendable. But the I am not at all satisfied with the camera quality. And also a bit weighty. Overall it is nice experience.,4.0
"Calling speaker issue and its not 48 megafixel, below par than 8 mp.Dissapointed with samsung, please don't buy this product, you will be deeply disappointed. Now I come to importance know importance Reviews..",1.0
Major heating problem during charging,3.0
Worst phone. The phone fell from my hand the screen broke. I purchased it like a week ago. This is highly delicate and one shouldn’t buy it. Quality cheap too..,1.0
"Not good phone. I was replaced my M30 , but it was wrong decision. This phone is not worth to buy, just for battery life.",2.0
What is use of good battery life if Screen display too pure along with camera quality... decided and PLEASE don’t Samsung phone and with same price .... we can get good phone on other models and came to know they samsung is a brand with No quality ...,1.0
To much difficult set settings. Not user friendly. Camera clarity not expected as per given spec. Proximity senser not worked when u try to set on speaker phone at same time Screen will off. Overall its ordinary phone.,3.0
Very cheap quality product. I didn't expect it at this price 😤,1.0
Battery life is not satisfactory,3.0
"Writing this review after 2 days of usagePros - Better resolution, Nice build quality, Super back design which is sturdy and does not slip from our hand, Faster UI performance.Cons - Front camera is blurry sometimes",4.0
"Good battery life, fast charging, option to disable/uninstall pre-installed apps. Phone is a bit thick and heavy to hold, it can be tiring if hold for very long period of time.90Hz display is nice but only adaptive option available in settings.",5.0
"Finger print reader is good.. Battery life is amazing and excellent.. Upto 36 hours the battery run with constant wifi on and using Zoom,google meet and many more battery draining apps... Rear camera quality is good..",5.0
I bought this phone 2 weeks ago and I want to say just one thing it is SUPERRRRRRRRRB phone. Its camera quality Is best and processor is super fast.,5.0
"Got the phone only a couple  of days  back. Package was delivered in good condition. Camera is just okay. Battery life is good, uses ~30% if one is playing songs on YouTube for 6-8hrs. But there is no headphone in the box. Hence 4 stars.",4.0
LikesGood Battery lifeFinger print reader is OKDislikesSlow response rateCamera clarity is below parScreen refresh rate is avgQuite Heavy,3.0
"All over good mobile quality is good as compared to price,Camera performance does not look like 48 megapixels.Rest things are good.Budget friendly mobile in Samsung.",4.0
The battery life is good but the phone is havi it is not thin or lite weight.Normal camara and 48 mp camara is good but the wide angle and macro camara are not good the portrait camara is average. There is no night mod in the camara,4.0
All are good but it does not accept 5G router speed and that is pity .,4.0
"It's a nice product in this price, good configuration. Overall performance is also good. Only concern is it's getting heated on continuous use.",4.0
"Phone is Smooth function and Good battery life also  take macro items photos is good etc.,  it is very supper",5.0
There is no injection pin for mobile and no user guide....we have measured 13499 for this handset and I guess that is it a sample handset ?????.....answer me Amazon......I will write review if handset works fine within return period...hope so,1.0
M12 is really given me more satisfaction and return of price which I have paid.,5.0
Really disappointed. Fone automatically switched off 2 times and even 2 days bot completed to receive the order.Heating problemHang slow problemI waste my money.Please do something exchange the fone or refund my money.,1.0
"Samsung delivers as promised the Samsung M12 is definitely ""Monster Reloaded"". You get all the premium features for such a affordable price. I would recommend 10/10.",5.0
The battery life for this mobile is excellent. The mobile is little heavier as compared to previously used mobiles of mine. The camera quality is very average. The mobile does its work and the refresh rate makes the browsing experience good.,3.0
Phone's software and other apps were not updated and phone not working like 6 GB RAM. overall unsatisfactory phone.,2.0
Camara and video quality is not so good.Experiencing slowness while using phone.Phone is getting hanged.. I sincerely suggest not to buy samsung mid range phones. I'm facing worst experience  with this phone,1.0
This phone is not up to mark like other Samsung mobile. It doesn't have dual band WiFi connection. It doesn't have 5Ghz WiFi receiver. It only has 2Ghz WiFi receiver. So you will get lesser speed when connected to 2ghz,1.0
"Please note that the phone is heavy as hell, credits to its 6000mah. Else everything is good considering its value, yeah don't expect much from the display.",5.0
"Very late chargingCamera not even worth of 2mpxl, it's 48 mpxlby Samsung , night mode camera just scrap.90hz refresh rate also disappointing.Too much weightOverall disappointed.",1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Battery life:- SuperbCamera:- below averageDisplay:- averageOverall performance:- average performance no lack and clean UI over all a good phone at this price range.",4.0
Stunning batteryCamera not upto the markFingerprints are fast but face recognition is slowSleek ui super smoothRam and rom 6 and 128 at 12500(introductory price) just awesome 👌,5.0
Product looks good. Battery back up good. Heavy mobile but not thin.Rare camera quality not good but front cam is good.Side button touch sensor.Head phone is not provided.C type fast charging.,4.0
"Customer interface is very cumbersome , one has to be technically  very efficient to operate this phone .",3.0
But it has problem like touch response is to bad when we use it in maximum brightness....so it is bit difficult to handle it in outside sunlight........ living this everything is perfect.....Review after using it for 3 months,4.0
Touch screen does not work properly.  Most of the time the voice does not reach the other side. Mic is not working properly.,1.0
"Good phone,only battery  becoms very  hot during charging",5.0
"The phone I received has issues with the display.. The colour quality was different (as seen in the pic I have shared).Thankfully the Amazon CC agreed for a replacement ,straightaway.",2.0
"Really a monster phone.. battery is really awesome .. nice built quality, nice camera, good display in this price ..for 6 -128..",5.0
Its thick not slimBack body made of plasticFront camera is not good,1.0
This product delivered  by Amazon 21 march all features ok but this phone inbuilt apps lock not found. Inbuilt  apps lock please  provide next upgrade. Without inbuilt apps lock privacy share any other person,4.0
Good phone for budget buyers. Sound quality is good. Battery backup is excellent.The only thing the matter of concern is camera quality not 48 Mega pixel as claimed by Samsung it is very poor.,4.0
"Quality product by samsungVery nice true 48mp camera quality 8nm processor with 6000 battery 🔋 good battery life,build quality is aslo good.",5.0
Totally unsatisfied  new phone do not attach to car stereo voice outgoing problem talked to customer care 10 to.es did not got solution but thanks Amazon for their support  clearly disrecommend samsung worse brand ever,1.0
"Samsung M12 is best at this price. Camera quality is quite good, screen is also almost full size. Performance wise better than other Chinese mobiles in market. Thanks to Amazon to deliver it on very next day.",5.0
"Decent product at this price, super fast delivery from amazon, got the phone within 3 hours of delivery, camera could be little better but overall okay..",4.0
Extremely heavy phone and the display isnt great. Dont like it.,1.0
"I choose M12 because of its battery and I am not disappointed. You can use it for 2days after full charge. I normally used to play games like homescapes, subway surfer, Manor matters on regular basis but the battery is awesome.",5.0
Best at this price range :),5.0
"Bought the phone for battery life, and yes it live up to its expectations. Doing normal phone calls and consuming social media battery lasts for almost 3 days. It lasts for 2 days after heavy uses. UI is also smooth.",5.0
I have purchased this phone from Amazon 25 days back.. & it's hanging also charging pin is not working now.. Really unhappy kindly return this disgusting product.. Totally waste of my money... Please don't buy this phone.. 0/10,1.0
The camera (both front and rear) is a real disappointment. Below par to the samsung brand which its known for.The display is average.The phone build quality is poor and fragile.Only battery seems to stand out.,2.0
Good Quality Phone with Good feature and great battery backup,5.0
Excellent mobile. Thanks to samsung company. Keep it up,5.0
"Very very laggy, even the keypad takes time to come and while you write it takes even more time to register. I tried uninstalling unused apps but it didn’t help. Also the navigation buttons work on own will. Very bad purchase.",1.0
"Best phone in such a low price. Features like 6000mah battery, 48 Megapixel camera also face unlock detection is good.",5.0
1. Camera quality is worst2. A lot of hang issue3. Batter drains within a day in moderate use4. Phone heats after continuous useSo please don't waste your money,1.0
If u r buying it for camera and refresh rate so pls don't buy it it's totally worst phone. Camera quality is too low front is too worst.,1.0
Good  battery upto 2 days and nice back camera but front camera is not too good. Processing speed is good for normal use. This is not a gaming mobile.,5.0
Overall I'm happy I got more than I expected  such a nice phone in this price range. One thing I should highlight is it's fingerprint reader is much faster when compared with other mobiles. And battery back up is also good.,4.0
"A good phone at this price.Good Battery life. At times, worked for 2 days without charging.Reasonably good camera at this price.Slightly heavy though.Overall, it is a good value for money.",5.0
This phone is really good . Fingerprint reader and battery life are good . The only problem that I have gone through till now is the camera quality but ya... definitely not too bad. The phone works well at a faster rate 🙂,5.0
Camera quality was not as generally expected from samsung but overall performance is good,4.0
Totally waste of money. Not to buy this phone. It starts hanging after 15 days only.,1.0
A portion of the screen has become less touch sensitive after 1 day of use. I could not return it as I already loaded all my important apps and documents and did not get time to again reload to any other device.,2.0
What I liked was the battery backup and the camera.,4.0
superb over all experience is amzaing ... Excellent,5.0
"I like the faster delivery before date , discount offer and bank discount but not satisfied with the mobile purchased for personal use as the preinstalled inbuilt apps are out of date.Thanks",4.0
It will take time to rate the product. I bought this for my chauffeur. It appears to work . However I am not satisfied with the fact that the smart phone box’s seal was broken when received.,4.0
I loved the look and the feel in hand1) camera quality is really great2) there are no tweaks and no hanging issues3) great finger print sensors4) speed is really good,5.0
I am using this phone for last one week. It is a fantastic phone. Worth each penny.. amazing battery life..,5.0
"Phone is little but heavy,Front  camera is OK,back camera's are really cool, phone looks classy,web pages and Apps are opening in seconds 👌overall Samsung is best on best.Thank you Samsung and Amazon for speed Delivery.",5.0
Gud phone with great battery life and decent camera.(would've been more glad if Samsung provided a case along with it),5.0
Feeling cheated by samsung. 48 mpixel Camera results is like vga camera. Total disappointed😞by samsung.Better to buy redmi.,2.0
It's really fine and good for use. Performance is awesome. I don't find any bugs issue. Buy samsung better than any other brand. Samsung only. Only one is you should buy is Samsung.,5.0
The battery performance  is exterm it is value for money product its has mid range processor we play games easy without  lag with mesoum setting the main highlight of the mobile its display which is 90hrz so smootg,5.0
"48 mp ,selfie and wide angle is normel but other camera is not work.Battery quality is average.not 6000 but near 5000 or above 5000.But the figerprient senser and face lock were too improved by samsung.",3.0
Product is defective.. Amazon techinicians couldn't identify and product not replaced. Bad experience with this product,1.0
"Battery life is excellent, fingerprint works very well and cameras are also good.Overall Best in the budget segment if you are a Samsung lover.",5.0
"Nothing so good in this phone apart from battery, display could have better it is 90 hz refresh but colors on screen are not that good, they are not vibrant.",3.0
Nice phone  8 mp front camera  result  is so good  i thought  that will ok ok perform but its so good results  it's battry  is perfect,5.0
product OK in this costlittle bit hanging on softwaredisplay quality is goodcamera not badbattery is goodouter look is not satisfied be cos its plastic  back panal,3.0
Nothing I disliked about the product according to price. The camera can be a little better and 48MP is not same as that of other phones which are more expensive and pretend to have same sensor.,4.0
"It is Ok Ok type phone...but I will suggest you to buy other brands mobile phone...That are more reliable, trustworthy and fab phone in this price range or little bit above..",4.0
This is my 5th Samsung.Phone..Pls.do not buy...80% Battery drains  in 1 day....It take 2 hrs to charge the Battery....Better go with Moto G...Will never go with Samsung Again,2.0
It's a very average mobile with more weight n low camera,3.0
Worst mobile1 The display quality is very worst2 The mobile feels too heavy3 performance is very low4 Camera quality is worstAll together very  very disappointing product from samsung,1.0
Really love this phone. I have been using this since a week and found the best battery life I have used so far. The performance is superb and the screen is very impressive. Really it is the best phone I have used.,5.0
Good quality budget phone.,5.0
"Phone build very well with fingerprint sensor, battery is quite good & Huge, Camera quality is doing Ok. With 90 Hz refresh rate phone is smooth with Android 11. Close your eyes & Buy it. No Regrets !!!",5.0
Samsung gives a Brick like heavy phone. Samsung is only a brand nothing else no network catching power in all samsung phones. Chinese phones like oppo vivo realme redmi are much more better than samsung,3.0
"Best phone for Games and Camera , no lag and best phone battery",5.0
"Phone is gud with  compare to other realme or redmi  phones  with  same price range.  Camera, battery  life , all these are gud. Only demerit is it is little bit heavy (220 gm) due to its 6000mah battery  backup.",4.0
"Bought this for my father, it has an amazing battery life, and am stunned to see the quality of the images which are too good. We have got good performance mobile at reasonable price",5.0
"It is a good phone, having 2 day battery life, good camera. Only concern is that it is  a little heavy compared to other Samsung phones. I have m31 and aswell.",5.0
"Very slow ..poor touch feel and mob performance, camera very bad...no 48mp.No option... both sim ..netwk problem..don't buy...",1.0
Battery life is good and screen quality is best. Overall the product looks great.,5.0
Very good mid range camera phone with long life battery's,5.0
Is camera quality is ok. Fingerprint sensor is not like the much better. But the battery performance is good. Function is very complicated.,3.0
"The phone is okay for the price range , but if you buying this ohone for camera then xaomi phones have better camera . 48mp camera is just for name.A good phone but don’t except too much",2.0
"Merits :Camera, Battery, speed, overall product is greatDemerits :Lots of inbuilt trash apps, which we could not able to uninstall.No app lock feature by default.",5.0
It is new version mobile and functioning well.,4.0
It is a newly launched phone but still it is hanging often. The phone has 128gb capacity and is not full with a lot of apps at the moment but still during the day many times gets stuck and becomes slow.,1.0
This is very nice 🙂 and the weigth ofPhone is very haveyAnd it is going smoothlyAnd I see price in marketThat was 15000And I buy with Amazon that was 11000Nice realy,5.0
Awesome value for money phone.Good sturdy designGood cameraGood performance but not for gaming muchGood batteryGood UI,4.0
"Purchased for my dad and all the purpose is solved. Phone is good, decent camera quality, good battery power etc. Very decent price too. Good for overall use.",5.0
Decent speed decent look.great battery backup.avrage camera.finger print response is so good. Android 11 os very good.charging speed is good.no lag in gaming.good branded phone,5.0
Awesome battery last all day!,5.0
AwesomeCamera quality is goodGood battery lifeAfter using it from one month I'm giving this reviewAwesome product 👍,5.0
Excellent phone worth buying. Camera is very good and build quality is high quality,5.0
👌 best mobile in this rate .and good battery and best camera quality. Thanks Samsung 🙂If back cover and ear phone bhi dete to aur behatar hota....,5.0
It is a good phone. Seamless.,5.0
Battery backup with normal lasts for 2 days easily. Good Camera...Value for money product so far with 2 months of use.,5.0
"Writing this review after 1 week of usage Very very disappointed, poor camera, heating issues and 6000mah battery lasted for 2days only once after that draining very quickly.",2.0
Phone not good quality at all.. heating up too quickly and camera is not good at all.,1.0
A great budget phone for daily above average usage. The most amazing thing about this phone is its battery and screenIf you watch a lot of movies on phone this is the phone for you.,5.0
Dislike fingerprint reader. It's given at the side (power button). Quite often difficult to read. Camera is okay types,3.0
Samsung ka koi bhi phone le lo same hi hai glti ho gyi 10000 karcha kr ke camera bakwaas hai,1.0
Awesome display looks like premium phone 6mb Ram is fast no heating issues faced. Over all a good phone for this price. Little heavy and camera is just normal,4.0
The product didn't have any damage or other problemsIt was my first time to buy a phone onlineThe battery life is awesome it stays around I.5 days,5.0
Back cover is of plastic which makes the look a bit cheaper. Rest everything is apt in this price range.,4.0
Battery life this phone is too good excellent performance of processor under the budget phone fingerprint quick to response. Quality of pictures is impressive. Both sim slot r 4G enabled.,5.0
diplay light of product not working after use of 2 month.. it is very unfortunate that  being a reputed brand it is getting unserviceable within third month of purchase...bad experience.,4.0
Sound can still be improved not happy with quality of sound.,3.0
"Amazing Product Worth for the moneyI have been using it for the past one month , performance is very goodCamera quality is also nice , battery life is amazing",5.0
Battery life is good and finger print reader is also nice. In camera I got one camera to be fake from the quad camera setup. Processor is nice.,5.0
This mobile processor not good working.  Overall phone very slow camera quality also not good .,3.0
hugest phone we can get in this range even 15k rangeperfect choice according to price,5.0
network connectivoty not properly work very down quality for internet connectivity and many problam,1.0
"Didn't expect that these days a phone otherwise having updated specs, doesn't support 5 ghz wifi network. Such a big let down. Want to return it. Just got it",1.0
Camera quality could have been better. Phone weight is little on the heavier side. Charger cable could have been provided with additional length. Overall a best bet for the price range.,4.0
"Mobile body is very think and bold ,weight alsotoo much.",1.0
The camera is a namesake 48mp. Doesn't give any quality images,2.0
I always hated samsung phones...but...this is something else don't be a samsung hater anymore this is a superfast running phone on this price...mann this phone is like🤩🤩🤩🤩,5.0
"Good looking, speedy, and got it as expected. Thanks to all, Amazon and the seller 🤗",5.0
Impressive battery life and performance.Good value for money product.,4.0
Keypad is not working. Really frustrated due to this. Now restarted mobile but still keypad not showing so I m not able to login in mobile.,2.0
This phone voice is very low .I buy white clour but it seems just black in the font of the phone,2.0
BATTERY  STAYS FOR LONGER.Camera quality  is good.,5.0
Worst phone ever I seen . They are making fool. Mobile camera is worst . Phone always lagging . Pathetic product of Samsung,1.0
"Bad Camera quality. 48MP is just a numbers. I have a digital camera, Digital camera pic quality is 100 times better than the pic of Samsung Galaxy M12 48MP camera. Very bad experience.",2.0
"""fingerprint reader"", ""battery life"" and ""camera quality"" is best. Just the upper packing is of very poor quality but still phone quality is the best for this range.",4.0
Nice product .I love it,5.0
Very good phone in the budget section. 8MP selfie camera is also more power full than any other chinese camera in 8 MP category,5.0
"Pros: Phone design, battery life.Cons: speaker output is low when compared to other samsung phones.Camera quality is not as mentioned.",4.0
Camera Quality is poor and battery life with a moderate use is 1 day not more than that. If you read the product features appearing in Amazon; it say 1 week which is absurd.,3.0
"Though it is decent. Some features such as Camera, Battery life are not upto mark as mentioned in the product description.",4.0
Samsung Galaxy M12 overall good product at this price.,5.0
Thank you amozon. Nice product,4.0
Everything is Fine but screen is very delicate and broke very little presssure and diplay costed about 3800,4.0
Camera should be more good.,4.0
"Camera quality Not good,  finger print and facelock  Not working properly",1.0
Itne paise me itna hi milta hai,5.0
All features are good as far as cost of phone is concern but there is only one drawback the weight of mobile is more than any such 6.5 inch screen mobile.,4.0
"All fine except cameras,  phone is bit big and heavy,  battery life to good, touch is awesome.",5.0
Phone gives overheating warning while opening any two apps at a time.,1.0
They should have given Amoled and it won't accept WiFi 5g. It only take 2.4g.,3.0
Budget phon.little bit display is disappointed phone working very good.battery back up super.other wise it's good,3.0
Bad camera.. otherwise its up to standards,2.0
"Absolutely worth to purchase this handset, fantastic phone within the budget. Excellent camera, excellent design, excellent battery backup and excellent network coverage capability.",5.0
Very good phone by samsung,5.0
Not up to the mark,3.0
Nice As Per Price,4.0
"Bad. Slow, hangs.",5.0
Worst camera quality I've ever seen..very bad experience from samsung..not 48 mp and imp camera at all .I'll recommend not to buy,2.0
"This phone is amazing  and fullfill all requirements with latest software,it's battery life very good,thanks Amazon to provide this phone at this price.",5.0
"Best quality phone. Battery life very good, no heating during internet  browsing and video streaming. Screen touch is also smooth. It is a value for money phone.",5.0
Good Mobile at 13499 price.  But weight is only the disadvantage. weight is more.,4.0
Very economic mobile,5.0
Nice phone and battery back up is good but its 6000mah battry thats y mobile thickness is more then of normal phone and its bulky also otherwise phone is good and durable,4.0
The display of this mobile is not good at all and the camera quality is totally bad...,2.0
"am using this mobile almost two days...Sup battery life...camera..In the spec display is 720p only, but it shown like a 1080p.....it's worth....Luv u Samsung....",5.0
Best cellphone ever,5.0
Battery backup good but camera 🎚️🤔,2.0
It is really a good phone in competitive price.I am going to use this phone for everything except gaming.,5.0
Overall a good package at this cost,4.0
"I don""t think that pupil purchase set because figur print reader, and camara quality extreemly good, but he want that phone have long life with some smart feature also.",3.0
I have bought after checking all the features. Hope I will not get dissapointed. If it was a little bit more slick it would have been better.,4.0
Waste phone don't buy camera quality to bad and 15 min WhatsApp call phone like a iron box,2.0
Good camera quality and very good battery packup,5.0
Battery backup is good.I can use 3 days in single charge.Display is super.No lag found while using.Camera is dispointing in low light.,4.0
Value for money.Good product in such price range.Not good for selfie people. As you can get a better product by adding 2-3 k more in mobile.,4.0
"Waste of money, don’t buy this phone, phone weight, thickness, performance very poor, camera quality very bad, no return policy I’m very sad waste of my money",1.0
Front camera is like 2mp camera.. remaining everything OK... disappointed with camera...,3.0
"Value for money. 100% satisfied. I had canceled order by reading some negative reviews, but reordered .Product was delivered within 2 days. Good product for the price.",4.0
Average phone with average features probably overpriced by 2k..Major disappointment is this doesn't support 5GHZ WiFi which is so common nowadays,2.0
Camera quality is like 2mpBulky to handleScreen resolution is just 720pixel in era if 4kSamsung is moving on path of Nokia killing its reputation,1.0
Okay to use,3.0
Using since one monthPhone is goodBattery backup is as advertisedCamera and display is best in segment,5.0
Great cell phone from MI,5.0
Very slow and keeps on hanging. Not at all happy with the phone performance. Camera quality is also ok ok,1.0
Finger print reader is good.More than 1 day battery life with full use.But quad camera is not good as expected..Over all good product at this range.,5.0
Nice Phone,5.0
"Battery Performing is good but disply screening is not much better due LCD, this mobile doesn't have LED disply.",4.0
"Receving the signal is very bad and even though battery is 6000mah -battery life is 24 hrs only as same as other phones ,phone performance also that much",1.0
"Good phone in this price range, no other brand give real picture quality, and other real futures, i am using this last 1 month and i am happy this phone.",5.0
The phone looks like very good fingerprint reader option is very useful. The battery level not go under 80% for one day use. The camera is so clear and very nice.,5.0
Battery life is Awesome!Fingerprint reader working fine!Camera quality is not so good....don't feel like 48 MP Camera.Overall it's good product.,3.0
The performance of processor is not satisfactory,3.0
Samsung is loosing its premium look by producing this kind of phone. Worst camera quality and seems like holding bricks in hand,1.0
A very nice mobile,5.0
Everything is good,5.0
"Look & performance wise good, even camera also good but only problem is that company not provide fast charging.. it is take 3.5 hours to charge battery form 30 % to 100%..",3.0
It's good for parents and most probably not suitable for students and gamers.Battery life is good.And it is not a pick for those who wants light weight mobile.,3.0
Hopeless display and processorNot even supporting wifi 5GOld phone with new name,1.0
Fingerprint r side mode not like sum time it's not working. Battery is very good. Camera quality is poor not like that 48 mega pixels and also front camera 8 mega pixels.,4.0
Camera is ok but sound quality is not good.. sometime getting resound and automatically gets corrected...,4.0
Phone battery 🔋backup is awesome and provide backup of more than 2 daysCamera 📷 clarity is also good 👍in this phone 📱Application performance 👏 is too fast,5.0
"Battery backup average, screen display bad,camera quality bad,charging time 4 hrs,mobile look very nice",3.0
It is excellent phone in the price category. Only thing is that it is missing from system updates list.,4.0
"Worst phone I ever had. too much hanging problem in it , Amazon didn’t return or replace the item . So I’m using it for calls only. Please don’t buy it",1.0
"1. Massive battery life.2. Fast3. Premium look4. Others features are good, if not excellent.",5.0
nyc phone,5.0
"Reviewing after using it for last 7 days, bought. Nice phone under 15000. Good battery backup. According to its price camera is good. Value for monney.",5.0
This phone is very slow when compared to recent launches like Moto G 10 and redmi,2.0
Very nice budget phone.,5.0
"Its an interesting mobike with in mybudget with a reliability from Samsung. Am a rough and tough user,it looks like this phone is made for exclusively for me.",4.0
"Camera is average , battery backup is good , slow charging port,",3.0
EXCELLENT,5.0
Display quality is very bad. Photo clarity is not up to the mark.,2.0
It is a very good mobile for normal usage the battery is good and rear camera is also good but the selfie camera is descent the fingerprint sensor is realy impressive.,5.0
Battery Back Up very Well.,5.0
"It does not show up WiFi 5GHz band router, works on 2.4GHz band only. Camera isn't very sharp. There is no lagging.",4.0
Did not meet expectations & very heavy weight phone compared to other Samsung phones & even the touch sender is not up to the mark.,3.0
i LIKE THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE IT IS LIGHT WEIGHT TO USE AND CLASSY BLUE CAN BE USED.ITS BATTERY LIFE IS AWESOME,4.0
"3 party application doesn't work properly In this mobile set like Amazon , Flipkart , Cricbuzz...Pathetic Experience",1.0
"Was expecting a lot but quiet disappointed.Camera quality needs to be improved, doesnt look like 48megapixel, battery is ok.",2.0
"Average Quality Samsung M12. Camera is not good, Mobile processing very low but Battery is Fine. Samsung name wise not working.  So very low quality mobile.",3.0
Very good phone in this budget. Display is good. Excellent camera. Gives good experience in gaming too.Good and fast delivery from Amazon.Thanks,5.0
Very bad quality switches got damage within months,1.0
Not worthy,3.0
Front camera image is not clear. Also the phone is so weighted. Can go with better opition like redmi note 9 in same range. Other features are same as other mobiles.,2.0
Camera is not good. It doesn't take good pictures . Battery life is awesome .90 hrz refresh rate is just marketing strategy.  I don't personally suggest this device.,2.0
Poor quality product. Camera quality is wrost.,1.0
Front camera quality is poor other than that everything is good,4.0
Pro's:1.Battery is awesome2.Brand value3.Good looking4.Finger print sensor is working perfectlyCons:1.Display quality is average,4.0
Worst Phone,1.0
I would highly recommend this mobile to anyone who would like to buy within a Rs 8000-13000 range. Gives more value to every Rupee Spent!,5.0
Grt,5.0
Very Nice And Very Beautiful PhoneValue For MoneyBattery Performance Camera Display All Is Very Good,5.0
Camera is ok ok and battery drain fast,5.0
"Need to  press thrice every time for fingerprint, battery is OK camera is good",2.0
This phone have amazing battery life and for moderate use 1.5 day battery works. and camera is satisfactory but not have many features in camera.,4.0
good features at the price point,5.0
Good phone at an affordable price level.ProRefresh rateRAM and storageConsScreen resolutionNo earphones supplied,4.0
"Touch response and audio quality is good, camera quality is also good, fingerprint sensor response is little bit low overall phone is good for its budget",5.0
"I like the fingerprint reader , battery life , camera quality , 90Hz Refresh Rate , Samsung Exynos 850 Processor , etc. of Samsung Galaxy M12 very much .",5.0
Good product,4.0
Value for money. Made in India product. Quality of Samsung brand. Can avoid other Chinese alternatives.,4.0
Good,5.0
I have purchased this phone. No accessories in the Box now I am returning the phone and I had complained to Amazon now currier boy required accessories.,1.0
I like product  &  Amazon  but I can't pay online payments  because I don't know about this  Can you help me  for purchasing your product on COD..,5.0
Perfect phone at this price. One can easily think of gifting this smartphone to their parents. Made exactly as per their requirements. Good job Samsung!,5.0
"Budget phone, but crearing problem to open apps. While opening the apps, app page automatically closing and to use that app we've to Reinstall.",4.0
Super quality phoneCamera 4/5Fingerprints 5/5Battery 5/5Screen touch 5/5Gaming 4/5It's a super budget phone,5.0
Very nice phone in such a configuration. Battery backup is quite good.,5.0
Battery life not goodFinger print not checkedCamera is not high quality,3.0
"Phone is working fine, but bit heavier.",3.0
Nice phone over all,4.0
overall nice product 👌 much storage & long battery life speed up the best experience...,5.0
Very nice,4.0
Good phone under this price but camera quality not good compare to note 10Speed good camera quality low,4.0
"phone is good for light usage ,you will find lots of samsing app keeps on crashing , it may be not phones problem.Display is not decent.",3.0
nice,5.0
Ret ke hisab se sab kuchh achha hai,4.0
Fingerprint GoodBattery Very GoodCamera Good,5.0
"Good phonevery smooth screen, good battery life. One big disappointment is Snapshot option is not available.",4.0
Camera quality is so poor ....even other phone provide with less than 5k,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Its a best product in this range of best quality.Which gives you a good experience. And good battery backup.",5.0
"Phone USB is faulty, not able to charge, there is no replacement available, so if you book only this faulty item you will get hence advice you not to book this",1.0
"Phone is very slow,  charging it takes 3-4 hours,  totally  non use phone",1.0
grt,5.0
Working good condition.,4.0
Worst charging experience.waste of money.outdated standard.Do not advice to buy.,1.0
"Dual wi-fi band not there, surprised as 5 GHz wi-fi is universally available in all phones,Screen protection with gorilla glass should be given",3.0
"Device is hanging and voice clarity is worst and after dailing a number its connect very slowly taking 20sec to connect, please don't bye this phone.",1.0
"Good quality in this price range, impressive battery life, speakers are good too. I just dont like the preinstalled apps, they are too many.",5.0
"A decent mobile in this price range. Battery performance is very good, fingerprint sensor is good and camera quality is also up to the mark.",5.0
"Overall the phone is very nice. But, it's bulky.",5.0
Good design  Good camera  Battery life good  Display not to expectations  Total weight of phone little high,4.0
"Performance not good, disappointed with samsung",1.0
Third class product. Hanging from first day. Display shows white lines when hanging. Hans on the songs also. Battery charging time 2.5 hours. Heating problem.,1.0
"Very bad mobile. Display lighting very dull, sound quality also not good. And mbl is so munch weight.. 221grms. Camera also not good. Totally mbl is not good.",1.0
Under 14000 price Samsung M12 is good phone with 6 GB ram and 124 GB Internal memory I am using this phone last 15 days and I am fully satisfy of this product,5.0
Hanging frequently.Good battery backupAverage cameraVery disappointed with Samsung...earlier I was fan of Samsung....hate this product,1.0
Good,5.0
Branded quality and superb smartphone,5.0
Over all good product at 10k price. Only problem I find is it's weight,4.0
Excellent,5.0
Mobile kafi accha h .. Battery life 2 days h normal use m .. camera quality bhi acchi h .,5.0
Nice phone for given price.,5.0
The item is defective. While talking with another mobile listening sound isn't clear.I want to return this item with another one.please issue my complain.,1.0
Camera quality is worst in this phone. Seems like 2 mp only. So I would recommend if you are planning to purchase it for camera please do not purchase it.,1.0
Samsung has to improve a lot on their phones. Specifications looks good but the phone when using looks an outdated one.,3.0
The phone doesn't support 5G. And it's not written anywhere,1.0
"No gyroscope,very bad camera quality,such a dumb phone dont buy it.",1.0
Battery life is very good but camera is not like 48+ camera is so bad fingerprint work properly,3.0
Battery backup not possible for free fire gaming,4.0
Hanging issue all time. It's not a good processor don't buy it.,2.0
"Good, but mobile is hot continuesly browsing. Full of radiation",3.0
"very poor camera, fingerprint sensor very much irritating, mobile network and wifi connection problems.. better to choose some other mobile at this price",2.0
Mobile is very good and all specifications very fine but I want to suggest samasung please improve camera quality........Samsung mobile is good ...,5.0
Good but something missing  if you buy this phone you need some information free fire hang this phone  not play small games  samsung galaxy f41 it's good,3.0
Avery good phone in this price range. Battery and 90hz display is the key highlight of this phone. it has very good processor. overall good budget phone.,5.0
Purchased this mobile for online classes of children. The camera and battery back up is excellent. Too much satisfied with this mobile.,4.0
Excellent product and prompt delivery by Amazon. Little bit disappointed that camera doesn't have slow motion capture.,5.0
"Okay, not extraordinary",4.0
Phone is good and working well.I had an issue with charger which has now been fixed.I have been using the phone without any problem.,3.0
Poor quality of network connectivity hardly read face recognition very slow on finger print biometric.,3.0
Battery life awesome...Device thoroughly Hanging...Camera was not better in this budget...,3.0
"The product is excellent in all respects including storage, camera, battery and price. I am satisfied.",5.0
Waste of money phone is very heavy and bulky ...literally feels like a brik in hand.camera quality is pathetic worst than yak.,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   This phone is awesome... I loved this phone...but it's  performance speed is slow",5.0
Better,4.0
"Touch screen is not good ,overall performance is OK,",3.0
Very handy and friendly product,5.0
"Camera quality is not up to the mark, even pictures quality are more pathetic than two lenses camera.",3.0
I have Giga byte WiFi router .This Mobile is not supporting 5g speed..that means this mobile is not detecting 5g WiFi signals,3.0
good,4.0
Mobile weight is too havey,5.0
Super,5.0
Could have been better in this price range,4.0
"I don't like Samsung M12, quality not good",1.0
The camera quality is not that upto mark. The battery life is good.,4.0
Awesome phone at this price range.,5.0
Battery  backup  Is best... Excellent quality.. Affordable  ..go for it😊,5.0
Its a good product at a reasonable price. The camera is also nice. I would recommend you to go for it if you are looking for a good phone at low price.,4.0
The product is good but I am not happy with the service from Amazon. I bought this on exchange offer but they're expecting new phone to be exchanged 😂,5.0
"This phone has quite many features, what in daily use a person  needs. The camera and battery is just awesome.  Phones performs very well all the time.",5.0
"Best product in this range..It's camera quality , battery all are good ...Processor, fingerprint  sensor is at a good place...At last, Best product..😍",5.0
Everything is good and samsung brandGood camaraGood batteryGood performanceLatest softwareSamsung brand batter than other,5.0
So far ... experience is good. Let's see after using some .. how the mobile processor behaves,4.0
"very poor nextwork, its wont reach more than 1mbps even for JIO sim, very very poor camera. Kindly don't buy and don't waste ur money",1.0
Average phone. Average battery. Ok camera. Pathetic ringtone sound. Pathetic vibration. Price not justified.,1.0
Camera is bad bad bad,1.0
Its a good quality phone no doubt. But I hoped battery life will be more better.Fingerprint at times missed. Camera quality is good.,5.0
"Network connectivity issues. Low sound at times.  While paying through 3rd party apps, the dial pad is not complete",1.0
It's charger stopped working after 1 week ...,1.0
Excellent battery life... Good phone for reasonable price 👍,4.0
"Don't waste your money, 6 gb ram...3rd class,, this phone is hang,  never expected that from Amazon",1.0
I don’t know why but it’s picture quality is so much poor. I am very disappointed with this feature,1.0
Easy usage,5.0
The mobile is smart and fast and at an affordable rate.,5.0
"Worth the price. Fingerprint reader is okay. For a heavy user, battery should last for 1 day. Camera is also good, as expected from Samsung.",5.0
"Back cover is not given, champagne colour is not available,  tempered  glass not read, arrest back colour and tempered  glass is must with new mobile",3.0
Gud one go for it,5.0
Very good battery backup...Camera quality is fantastic with this price range,5.0
It is  best . Very good camera and very exotic matte design with three beautiful colors.  It is good that I had bought two one for me and one for my mom ...,5.0
good mobile,5.0
Good camera,5.0
Perfect for anyone,5.0
Brilliant features,5.0
No Finger print,5.0
very heavy weighted phoneoverall quality poorcamera not goodthis product unable to satisfy samsung custmor😔😔😔😔,1.0
Good phone........good battery life.....fast charger...good camera....value for money........best phone with reasonable price....,5.0
Overall spec are really good. But battery life is much better,5.0
Phone is good but camera quality is not satisfying .,4.0
"Brand  is very good, durable, but my children they are using Mi and Realme brands.",4.0
Worst mobile of my life. Its automatically clicking on screen without touch. Dont buy it.,1.0
Super,5.0
Very good in this price range,5.0
Display qualty not good,3.0
Very bad product.This product  microphone defective.I very truble with this product.,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I don't like Camera of this phone feature are not good, after click photo picture quality is very bad",1.0
This is really a best budget phone and not for gaming i had played pubg and its really sucksAnd camera is good enough  for this price  range,5.0
Camera क्वालिटी बहुत बेकार है।On करते हैं तो Samsung के लोगो की जगह Apple का लोगो aata h। रिटर्न की request डाली है देखते है अब कैसा आएगा।,1.0
"Build quality, design, camera and battery life is very good......Drawbacks: its heavy and bulky also the finger print scanner needs improvement.",4.0
"No fast charging in the phone, camera quality is too poor for both cameras,phone is too weighted.Worst experience from Samsung 👎",1.0
Nice phone in low budget,4.0
Nice at this price point,4.0
Sometimes touch not good,3.0
Camera Quality Very Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
"You will be disappointed, heavy phone, below average performance, camera is not upto the mark, running slowly",2.0
"Camera quality is poor compared to other and ,,, it has lot of issue , like in 48 mp camera we can't zoom ,,,",1.0
"I searched for moto g 10, and this popped up,I didn't open the box,if you can replace with moto g 10 power,that is fine with me.",4.0
Wow ! About this mobile . And price is like wow.😍😍,5.0
It's camera quality is very good I am impressed with this mobile Good product in market,5.0
साधारण,3.0
ASPECTS NOT COLLEFIED,3.0
It's a good product for this price range. We can't expect more from the 12k phone to do. Every features are ok to use. But not accurate.,4.0
Very good battery life and other features.I am satisfied from the product.Camera is also good,5.0
"Battery life good, picture and video quality very good, in very small amount you getAll advance feature s in samsang M12.",4.0
Front camera poor,3.0
Good one,5.0
"Really don't understand that how they can mentioned this phone has 48 MP camera, but the quality of pictures is less the 5MP",1.0
"Value for money, camera quality awesome and battery life is so good.",5.0
"Big screen and nice designGood mobile in this range, go for it",5.0
"Overall, quality is good, other some noise during calls, everything else is good( may be it's due to network issue)",4.0
Display quality  like 5 k mobile,2.0
Worth to buy this mobile in this budget.,5.0
Min 3 days battery life in single charge,5.0
"I used this 6 month above  battery backup very good, camera it's OK,any time mobile function slow.",3.0
Good for my father which has his miximum requirements.,4.0
Great  product. I am fully satisfied with performance.,5.0
Good phone for the price.,5.0
The phone is very much heavy and difficult to handle...camera quality is so poor.,3.0
Phone take 3 hours for 0 to 100% charging. After committing fast charging. Isn't joke. Not perfect as much as Redmi note 9,2.0
Bought it for my mom.. she is really liking it. Camera quality is great. A good upgrade from her earlier 5 year old phone.,4.0
Very nice and features are best in this price. Wonderful made in India mobile. Chinese mobile cannot compite with Samsung.,5.0
User manual/samsung Broucher not found enclosed along with package.Acessories not found enclosed along with package.,4.0
Both camera not very clear as compare to front 8MP & back 48Mp.Not satisfying.Very poor camera clarity samsung Galaxy M12.,1.0
"Quality product at this price, good battery backup, awesome camera",5.0
Not satisfied with this product. Extremely slow and heating issue.,2.0
Very poor quality display. Looks like a yellowish tint is added to the display. 5 GHZ wifi band is not supported.,1.0
"Camera quality is awesome, Getting minimum 2 days battery backup even Continuous usage of  data .",5.0
Very bad samsung mobile &Amazon service.phone camera is very poor,1.0
Pathetic display quality. Camera is not upto the mark. Heavy like a brick. But overall not so bad for the money.,3.0
This mobile is not nice. It doesn't give internet at any area or any place.Has a slow processing.it is very bad.,1.0
Very nice phone in this price range go for it,5.0
don't waste your money on this phone.,1.0
camera is not quality images.. camera kosam aithe Camara bad.. battery is super charjing super.. I am in mobile rating is ***,1.0
Very nice mobile for the price we paid.,5.0
Best features with reasonable price..,5.0
Perfect mobile,5.0
Very slowCamera not good in low lightSelfie camera colour balance not goodSlow ram,3.0
"Battery life Best but after the update battery life reduce.phone lags in some tasks, camera good, slow charging,",2.0
display issue many time display are not showing and phone hang batry not work properly many other problems are facing,2.0
More than 5* for batteryVery good product at this price rangeWorth for moneyGood and easy interface,5.0
Not Bad,5.0
Hanging,1.0
Good phone,4.0
Display could have been better,4.0
Got it for my mom. She is very happy now. Happy with the phone’s battery life and camera quality. Thank You.,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Fingerprint reader is very good.battery life is wonderful.n camera is ok",5.0
"Front camera is not all upto the mark, back camera quality is ok ok type.....",4.0
"Pros:Battery,screen,brandCons:Camera(very disappointed),more weight,bold.",2.0
Battery backup is good. Overall performance is average but the phone is too heavy and bulky,4.0
"Camera quality is very low, internet connection problem and mobile is hanging a lot",1.0
Fantastic product.. need to check of battery is getting heated on continuous usage.,5.0
Amazing mobile in budget but camera is not too good like 48MP.Battery life :goodYou should buy it.......,5.0
"Outstanding phone,battery is too strong and camera quality may be improved.but Good phone in this price range.",5.0
"This mobile is not good  because it is less than expected. Camera quality is very bad, processing speed is not well.",1.0
Nice phone at this price,2.0
Don't buy samsung phones,2.0
Economical and looks elegant. Sound quality can be improved further. camera is excellent.,5.0
"M12 is very good camera mobile but sound system poor, also ring tone is too poor.",4.0
Mobile heating when mobile using and charging timeCamera quality too worestSignal catching is not good,1.0
Camera quality pathetic.Feeling cheated,2.0
Camera of this phone is too bad,1.0
"Poor Built,Bad Sensor ,Bad Camera",3.0
"Good Phone with Good Price,Camera Average.The display should be FHDBattery Good",4.0
Even it has 4gb of ram its prformance is not comparable to 3gb ram device,1.0
"Good phone, long battery's, Camera quality is good and satisfied. Total good products this price segments.",5.0
Good,5.0
One of the best worst mobile,1.0
📷 very bad kwality,1.0
Super,4.0
Super,5.0
Good,5.0
"Gifted to my wife, very happy with performance & design",5.0
Battery  very slow  charging,2.0
Nice colour...battery life is superb....good quality camera...,5.0
Hanging problemCalled to the Samsung customer careBut same issue going on,1.0
"Good: Battery, Picture quality, softwareBad:Camera, processor",1.0
This is an excellent phone with a good battery life camera quality is also niceI liked this phone a lot.,5.0
High battery perfomance and stylish fingerprint but veryyyyyy Worst camera.........like a basic phone pictures,2.0
"Recommended,  my father is using it and it is recommended to buy this phone .",5.0
Value for money. very good quality. and the configuration is more than enough for normal use.,5.0
"Very bad camera, battery backup is good.No 5Ghz wifi available.",3.0
Nice one...sleek and good looking stylish,4.0
Best phone in 11000 blind trust in Samsung phones 😘😘,5.0
"Monstor battery, camera quality is nice, fingerprint sensor works really fast, overall Good performance",5.0
"The seller looks like sold a used piece, it had its seal broken, the phone isn't working in proper condition.",1.0
Battery 🔋 life is good .. camera 📷 is the best in this price .. fingerprint scanner is also working good ..,5.0
"Completely Disappointed.  Camera is not Good, Calling quality and Net Speed is worst. Don't Buy this product.",1.0
Had an amazing experience using this handset as Samsung successed to impress me.Thank you @Samsung 😊💓,5.0
"Battery life is very good, No heating, Awesome sound quality.",4.0
Camera is performing very well but fingerprint and face unlock is a bit slow,5.0
"Wifi issue , wifi connection  automatically disconnected  after some time...",4.0
The app is more than good for the price.I really am happy with its features ..The camera quality is so good👍,4.0
The best part about this phone is the battery life along with a decent camera. A worthy buy.,5.0
Camera quality is very bad.Picture quality is like VGA Camera.,2.0
Mast phone battery to mast,5.0
Overall good phone,5.0
OS of the phone is smooth. Good built in quality,5.0
Phone quality poor got defected in just 2 months after keeping so safely camera gives yellowish picture,1.0
Very fast deliver,5.0
"Ok to use , but quit heavy while holding.",3.0
Camera is super...battery life  also good,5.0
The processor is slow. Net connections are not apt. It's not a preferred choice. Avoid please.,1.0
Ok,4.0
Ok,5.0
Camera quality super,5.0
Everything fantastic,5.0
Media sound include ring tunes are very slow. Camera quality is also not that grt,1.0
"Super mobile, superb battery life, we can buy this no loss in buying this handset",5.0
The battery life i got in in this budget is too good . Was'nt expecting this much,5.0
Excellent and budget friendly mobile phone,5.0
"Good Battery,  camera best for regular use",5.0
Execellent set on this price tag. Battery backup is good. Touch sensors are working well.,5.0
Awesome phone at this price. Premium quality features. Planning to buy a second one soon.,5.0
I did that it had gorilla glass 4 but it breaks as it falls dont buy at all worst product,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Long battery life, excellent picture quality",5.0
I liked the battery and display quality. The camera is average. Rest a great budget phone,4.0
"Don't buy this phone, Worst product, not worthy.. Submitting review after 2 weeks of use.",1.0
Phone not working properly... having issues in mic problem breaking voice while talking .,1.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
"Camera not 48mp , battery ok",3.0
Superb Performance Mobile In This Price Range....,5.0
Ok good product,4.0
Very good phone,5.0
Value for money,5.0
Quality is Important and is outstanding.Thats why I purchased this phone,5.0
Finger print reader is working good but it takes little time to get open,4.0
Camera not so good and Weight issue but battery life is so good.,2.0
"Battery, camera, fingerprint sensor and price value is very nice",5.0
Is is a great product at a very good price. Worth every penny...,5.0
Not baad.,5.0
Very nice,5.0
Just good,4.0
The charge doesn't last long despite having heavy duty battery of 6000mh. Awful.,2.0
Phone is nice but it's heavy as compared to other phones,3.0
Not satisfied  on this product please  try to return  product,1.0
Good service,5.0
Good working,4.0
Camera waste,3.0
Good product,4.0
Good product,5.0
Good 👍phone,5.0
Product is very heavy and bulky camera is no as per satisfactory rest is fine,3.0
"Camera is average ,battery backup is ok ,heating problemNot good at all",3.0
Good,5.0
Best,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Worst phone. CAMERA QUALITY IS SUPER WORST. DONT BUY.,1.0
Just battery is superbbbb hard user can use arond 1.5 days Baki sab Bakwaaassss......,1.0
After one day its hangged. Very bad product from Samsung. Please dont buy this mobile,1.0
Overall Samsung Galaxy M12 is very good phone with extraordinary battery performance.,3.0
Battery life is best but  I've  heat issues although  value of product  really  nice.,4.0
"The bulidup quality is to goodBut,there is no earphones and phonecase in box.🥺",4.0
Good phone good performance but camera chould be much good.not satisfied with camera,4.0
Yes,5.0
Good fearutes in budget phone.,5.0
Good budget phone from samsung,4.0
Bad product.  Not supporting upi apps,1.0
Best budget smartphone.Great camera.Nice 90hz refresh rate.....over all good phone..,5.0
Not at all worth buying,1.0
Sperb mobile  thnq SamsungAndAmazon,5.0
Good product one day delevery thanks amazone,5.0
The product is worst and not working. I want to exchange the mobile,1.0
Nice,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Like,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,4.0
Best,5.0
Good,4.0
1)Finger print  Area in very  small at switch2) Camara Quality  is very  poor,3.0
Perfect camera quality better than iPhone superb battery life lasts around 15 hours,5.0
Front Camera quality should have been improved,3.0
All good camera little disappointed and some network issue and charging problem,1.0
According to price good product,4.0
Same time it's not working👨‍💻,2.0
Very good product,5.0
Very nice product,5.0
Camera is too bad on this price range it look like VGA selfie,3.0
No zero star available for camera quality but battery is  quite good.,2.0
Quality of camera is super but Battery backup is like ordinary mobile,4.0
Samsung galaxy m12 very nice mobile phone and good looking cell phone,5.0
Very nice,5.0
One of the best mobile phone i ever used.huge battery backup.and good 90 hz.,5.0
I like this product well supported from amazon and delivered before the date,5.0
Value for money,4.0
Best for Budget,5.0
Not as expected,3.0
Good budget phn,5.0
Good quality phone... but heavy weight... and everything is okkk...,4.0
Fingerprint reader is the most highlighting feature in this phone !,4.0
Battery life good.but touch screen problem.touch not works properly,3.0
Under 11000 mobile best but front camera down grade,5.0
Worst Camera quality. A Low quality product from Samsung. Dont waste money.,2.0
Excellent battery backupExcellent fingerprint readerGood camera,4.0
Display went off after a month in use... Please do not buy Samsung products,1.0
Very good mobile in this prizeOnly the camera quality is not so good.,5.0
I am buying this phone is 2 month ago but battery performance  is not good.,5.0
Great Phone at such a low cost. Great deal.,5.0
This mobile is economical and quality also for a better Indian ......,5.0
No slomo,3.0
Exultant,4.0
Very good product. Thank for amazon,5.0
Best in budget,4.0
Value to money,4.0
Price is at higher side..only best part is...Made is India,5.0
cable of charger too small and headset not provided waste of money,1.0
All mobile function are good but in point of camera not satisfied.,5.0
Best value price but some camera quality according the lens is not so good,4.0
Finger print not workingIf trying more then 3 time then unlock phone,2.0
Camera quality worst total waste of money never suggest to by this product,1.0
fingerprint reader battery life  and camera quality are good at this price,4.0
AverageProcessor should be Qualcomm.,4.0
All Good nt vry Good,5.0
Don't buy this phone very slow,5.0
Bahut jyada hang hota h itne me redmi ya realme ka le lo.,3.0
The product is satisfactory as per the price is concerned,4.0
Samsung M12 really good and also batterybackup is amazing,5.0
"Screen and camera quality are not as described, bit poor.",4.0
This device is very important to meBaitry life is very good,5.0
Camera clarity is not as good. I think its 13 megapixel naming 48,3.0
Battery life is awesome but camera quality is not up to the mark.,5.0
"Ya, asusal  Amazon done their promis what they're  shown in page.",4.0
"Goof quality, Touch screen is not that responsive",3.0
This is very low price and it is a best phone good working owsome product,5.0
Camera quality is good acc to 48 mp camera.and phone weight is very high.,2.0
Overall nice mobile battery life is also good. Camera quality is also OK.,5.0
"I already have M01 , found it very nice ... Next I will go for 5g handset",5.0
Very good battery,5.0
Camera is not too good... Bettry is nice.,4.0
Samsung galaxy m12 not good its worst mobile i Interest to sell this product,1.0
Camera quality is not best,1.0
It is a good phone. Only defect is its  getting hanged at times,3.0
Good battery 🔋life. Operation is good.,4.0
Great phone in this range... good to gi,4.0
Good,4.0
Good,4.0
Good,4.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
"Camera quality is very good,  fingerprint is also good",4.0
You should rely on money that you put on the progress.,5.0
Happy with phone.best phone in budget across all brand,5.0
Good battery backupHigh weightCamera is ok,4.0
camera quality is poor and diplay quality is like dull,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very nice product",5.0
Samsung M11 phone has a awesome quality ..Thankyou,5.0
Quite bad is performance. Phone is over heated within minutes.,1.0
The quality and design is bad as well the processor is hanging,2.0
"don't waste money,Phaltu productEverything is zero",1.0
The phone stops and returns to home screen while using any app,1.0
Very Disappointed Mobile Phone Camara Quality wrost ever i seen,1.0
Best in 10000 price tag,5.0
I should order one more,5.0
Not the expected,3.0
I will give 04 marks out of 10,2.0
I like for company  of samsung,5.0
Average when compared to redmi,1.0
Nice phone with great features,5.0
This is a wonderful fantastic product.,5.0
Bakvas hai network hota hai pr clearness  hee nhi hai,1.0
Very nice,5.0
Very good,5.0
Very Nice,5.0
The phone has very nice features and is very budget friendly.,5.0
"Battery life is good . But camera not as good as ""true 48 MP""",4.0
Fantastic battery for general user.Got 72 hours backup.,5.0
Sound is very low voice lisaning is not clear,4.0
Nice Phone....Good Quality. Worth Buying 👌👌,5.0
Very cheap phone and quality of phone is zero,1.0
highly recommend buying this,5.0
Some times phone was hanging,2.0
"Worth the cost,user friendly",5.0
Sound quality is very low 🔅,3.0
Somehow I have felt Camera is not expected quality.,5.0
Samsung m12 product display video clarity is normal,2.0
Sound system gives problems. Volume can’t increase.,1.0
Everything 1st class on very reasonable price also.,5.0
"Camera Quality,Battery life. Everything is awesome.",5.0
Varishth display quality this mobile Absolutely local media,1.0
If u are looking to buy a low budget phone u should go for this one,5.0
Want to replace my piece..It's getting restarted occasionally,3.0
Bad sound quality and speakers are not working and hang frequently.,2.0
Battery life is excellent and fingerprint reader is also excellent.,5.0
"Quality of the mobile is not at all good, hence I want to return it",1.0
Body is bulky and heavy. It also hangs frequently. Not worth money.,3.0
Very nice phone I am very satisfied,5.0
Nice design and affordable price 👍,4.0
It is very nice product from Amazon,5.0
Personal use.,4.0
Good products,5.0
Budget buy...,5.0
It is the best budget phone,5.0
Good Product for this cost.,5.0
Good according to is price..Frequently hangs,3.0
Value for money phone with brand value. Good performence .,4.0
"Display and camera quality are very poor, not as expected.",2.0
Camera is very bad and blurry..... Otherwise good product.,3.0
Camera quality is extremely very bad.Mobile is slow.,1.0
"Dabba phone, definitely not recommend this phone to anyone",1.0
Camera is bad .Sound is bad and not clear.Battery js good,2.0
Good phone with all the requirements fullfiled at budget price.,4.0
Product finger print sensor stop working in 2 month of purchase,2.0
Its is nice phn with a good quality camera an good battrry life,5.0
Battery is ok but camera quality is not reached our expectation,3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very nice products",4.0
"Awesome product, camera & battery is excellent.... must buy....",5.0
Key pad is not good ..Very hard to type,1.0
Side mounded fingerprint awsome,5.0
Very slow net work bad products,1.0
Good product on this price... Awesome,5.0
Camara good And Fingerprint Also Good,1.0
All are good some of ring volume slow,4.0
It's a good phone for this price.....,5.0
Overall performance was good.,4.0
Nice look and value for money,4.0
Camera not as per expectation,3.0
Loudspeakers mode voice issue,1.0
Got the best deal in Rs/-9000,5.0
Nice phone,5.0
Good phone in minimum budget,4.0
Fingerprint reader and battery life areFabulous,5.0
Camera quality is poor and phone is getting heat very fastly,1.0
Nice 👍 so so,4.0
Superb,5.0
"Battery life is good, but the camera quality is low",4.0
We can purchase for normal use..its suitable for it,4.0
Excellent product......Worth every penny.....,5.0
Everything is good. But display is little brighter.,4.0
Too Much Weight. Camera is not that great..,3.0
"Fingerprint good, battery life good but camera quality poor",3.0
"It's  worst camera mobile, very poor quality picture in 🤳.",1.0
"Camera quality  not to uplevel mark,phone weight too much ,",3.0
A decent product from Samsung brand,4.0
"Nice produc, budget phone....thanks to samsung..",5.0
Waste of money toatal waste,2.0
Medium quality budget phone,4.0
Overall it's a good bargain,5.0
Better in this price range.,5.0
Camera quality is not good.,2.0
Waste,1.0
"Battery life is good,Camera quality not good",1.0
Camera is not as expected.48mp not worth it.,1.0
Avarage product but price accuracy is always right,4.0
Nice performance.. But battery life is littel less,4.0
Nice mobile phoneGood cameras 📷 & battery🔋,5.0
Not good product and can't even return the product,1.0
Very poor performance camera quality issue,1.0
Best mobile in this price good proparmance,5.0
"Battery -good, Display -Avg, camera-worst,",3.0
Performance is Good,4.0
Excellent for price,5.0
Very bad experience.not expected from company like Samsung,1.0
"Camera quality is not good, better to don't buy this phone",1.0
Long lasting battery 🔋 enough for  24 hours continue work,5.0
Fingerprint fast... Battery life very good.. camara superb,5.0
It's truly 48 mp ultra camera. It's premium.jumbo mobile .,5.0
"A good phone,but the camera quality is not up to the mark.",4.0
Ghatia phone ghatia camera aur itna mota aur bhari bhi hai,1.0
Don't buy this mobile . rs 6000 is enough for this mobile.,1.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
Good,4.0
It’s not good battery charging facing the problem,1.0
Camera kocham bagaledu and battery life bagundi..,4.0
"It hangs often, camera is pathetic.  Rest are OK.",3.0
Nice phone...Samsung my all time favorite,5.0
We are enjoying the product functionality,5.0
Worrest products,1.0
Very nice mobile,5.0
I really like it,4.0
Display and design is very good,5.0
Best in this class with 10k price,5.0
Good product,5.0
Camera quality very low,2.0
Good phone in low price,4.0
Good one,5.0
Samsung M12 Looks very Sexy.. and good Quality,4.0
You can buy it.,3.0
DISPAY NOT GOOD,2.0
Very good phone,5.0
Very nice phone Good processor,4.0
Best phone against the price .,5.0
Samsung ka sabse ghatiya phone,1.0
Good battery life but it started hanging from day one.,4.0
Good for normal users.,4.0
Best ever mobile phone,5.0
Bad very bad camera 📷,1.0
Overheating from day 1,1.0
"Every thing is good,  except Suze and weight.",4.0
Camera quality not goodVery poor Camera,2.0
Batter backup  gr8. Camera quality VERY POOR.,3.0
Voice clarity is not so good. Waste of money.,3.0
"Not good , mobile heat very much, camera also not good",1.0
"Very very heavy mobile , not purchase",2.0
Very good phone and wonderful quality,4.0
Samsung is always guru of phones 😎😎,5.0
Phone Heats up while charging and poor network range.,2.0
When I am talking video call the mobile is heating,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Good,",4.0
Battery life is too good and picture quality also.,5.0
This is the worst samsung product. Not a good buy.,1.0
Sound quality is not a satisfied low sound quality,3.0
Worth to buy this. But weight is the only concern.,4.0
I liked my Samsung  mobile. thank you Samsung 😊💓,5.0
Fingerprint is ok. Superb camera and battery life.,4.0
Nice phone.,5.0
All is well,5.0
I like it's design,5.0
Haa,5.0
All,5.0
Not for people who like lightweight phone,4.0
Over all good product at this price range,4.0
Camera quality is Worst ..don't go for it,1.0
Camera quality is not as expected to 48MP,2.0
No 5GHz wifi support.. only thing missing,4.0
Touch is not good. Camera quality is okok,3.0
Nice phone I like this budget phone.,5.0
Very  Very  good  mobile  please buy now,5.0
"Like the product, camera quality is nice",5.0
"Camera quality very poor, display 4 no out of 10",1.0
You should not to go for this not a good profuct,1.0
Camera is too bad and sound is not come to clear,1.0
Battery life is poor and camera also not so good,2.0
Great phone in great price with also great brand,4.0
Worth less product with in 1 months it's hanging,1.0
तीनो फंक्शन औसत हैस्क्रीन शौट की समस्या है,3.0
This phone amazing and it's features are superb.,5.0
As described.,4.0
My phone power button is not working,3.0
Battery is good but phone very slow.,1.0
It good for regularly use...nice one,5.0
Camera quality is not good enough 😕,3.0
Overall good product with the price.,4.0
In my opinion this display should more Nice.,3.0
Nice phone 📱 in this price . Value of Penny,4.0
"Overall good phone, best phone in this range",5.0
Good Mobile every thing good but heated body,4.0
Poor display. Don't  go with  tft display  .,1.0
Nice product and fast delivery thanks Amazon,5.0
Camera is average but over all phone is good,4.0
Camera poor and phone heavy weight to handle,2.0
Very good mobile and camra quality very good,5.0
Best phone under this budget,5.0
Good phone for decent price.,5.0
Good mobile. Thanks samasung,5.0
The phone has heating issue.,2.0
Camera not having night mode,5.0
Enough to use elders,4.0
All quality are best,5.0
Good phone under 10k,4.0
Not working properly,1.0
Bad quality product.,1.0
Tha phone lags alot.,3.0
Waste money features and quality is not good,1.0
Taking too much time to open gallery,2.0
Camera quality is Bad.,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Like  .very nice. Battery life good,5.0
The product was delivered defective,1.0
Totally satisfied with this mobile.,5.0
Camera quality bis superb..  mustby,5.0
Camera fingerprint battery bad item,1.0
Wonderful phone in this prize range,5.0
Very good battery n camera is ossum,5.0
Battery charging slow over all good,4.0
Finger print reader is not so good.,3.0
Working smooth great battery backup,4.0
I am sooo happyy......❤❤product was good...,5.0
Worst mobile I have ever used from Samsung.,1.0
Why my speaker it's not working properly...,4.0
Battery life is great. Camera is also good.,5.0
But standard phone he is reat me sabse best,5.0
Camera quality very poorJust like 5mp,3.0
"Phone is good, but camera isn't that great.",4.0
Overall a good package in this price range.,4.0
This product is really good,5.0
Superb..always Samsung best,4.0
Within 15 days motherboard problem,1.0
worate...defective piece delivered,1.0
Battary back up nill camera normal,1.0
Great phone. Good specs. Worth it.,5.0
It is helpful in term of battery  backup..,4.0
Phone is Good but it feels Heavy is Pocket,4.0
Phone is very good and it's worth of money,5.0
Worst phone ......don't buy waste of money,1.0
Very slow screen touch very slowly running,3.0
It's simply superb according to the budget,5.0
It's Awesome !!!!,5.0
Nice Phone,5.0
Very good,5.0
Very nice,5.0
Don't buy,4.0
Battery life is soo good,5.0
Good product in this price range,5.0
Worst samsung mobile in a while.,1.0
Very poor product by Samsung....,1.0
Seems to be pretty good product.,5.0
All features  are perfect and good phone,5.0
"Everything is working well, good product",5.0
"Isn't good,  screen automatically moving",1.0
Camera quality very low and overall good,4.0
Best budget phone with great features!!!,5.0
BATTERY CHARGING TIME IS MORE THAN USUAL,3.0
Average this mobile no slow motion shoot,5.0
"Nice mobile, good battery, and camera...",5.0
This is not  thin. Looking are not good.,1.0
Wahhh What a Camera....!,5.0
Not good camera quality.,4.0
Good phone on this prize,4.0
Camera quality very low.,2.0
Phone is hanging,3.0
Sensor very poor,3.0
Colette not good,1.0
Superb fantastic,5.0
Bekar maha bekar,1.0
Excellent 👌👌👍,5.0
Excellent mobile,5.0
Marchent didn't approve my EMI request.,5.0
Nice Phone.Very long battery life,5.0
Mobile Phone is bad mobile overheating.,1.0
Yes. Of course.its a budget smartphone.,4.0
Very good product really amazing Mobile,5.0
Battery is good. But overall is average,3.0
Not display and camera quality not good,4.0
Got good experience by using this phone,5.0
Very good mobile 🤳📱👌,4.0
Battery life and speed.,5.0
Screen quality not so good. Camera  OK,3.0
"I like this phone, It's look Very nice",5.0
Phone over heating and network problem,2.0
Selfie camera and quad camera very bad,1.0
Everything is good in low price mobile,4.0
"dont buy, poor quality",1.0
Good...but not so good,4.0
Nice mobile under 10 k,4.0
Camera acha nhi lag 😔,3.0
Budget mobile in 12000,5.0
Camera quality is very bed...,1.0
Very slow  and touch not good,1.0
Best phone under given budget,5.0
Camera quality very very poor,1.0
It's a good phone at this price range,5.0
"Battery ok , worst camera and display",4.0
Camera quality is not up to the mark.,2.0
Good quality and SAMSUNG always best.,5.0
Camera quality better with this range,4.0
There's no magnetic sensor available.,4.0
Super,5.0
Ok...,2.0
Battery life is good,4.0
It doesn't have WiFi calling,2.0
Best phone in this price....,4.0
Selfie camera is not good 😠,1.0
Camera quality is very worst,2.0
Finger print reader is great,5.0
Don't buy not worth the cost,1.0
Good...Timely delivery,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,4.0
Good,2.0
Good,5.0
Power on switch not working,1.0
Nice product for that price,5.0
Not good.. it hangs a lot..,1.0
Value for money definetly..,5.0
Nice..... Good product 👏👏,5.0
Camera quality is very poor,5.0
THIS PRICE IS VERY GOOD....,5.0
Nice products thanks amazon,5.0
Good smartphone in this price range,5.0
Dislikes...camera quality very poor,1.0
Bad front camera and warm back side,3.0
Very heavy phone and display is bad,2.0
Good phone but don't buy for gaming,4.0
Camera quality and video is too bad,1.0
Camera quality is very bad and low.,2.0
camera & video quality is not good.,3.0
4g jio Sim internet speed very slow,3.0
Awesome budget phone. Great screen.,5.0
"Bulky phone,  extremely poor camera",1.0
10 day phon speaker are not working,1.0
M 12 speaker 🔊 sound is not clear.,2.0
Camera quality is not upto the mark,5.0
Good mobile,5.0
Nice mobile,5.0
Nice mobile,5.0
Samsung galaxy m12 is good phone,5.0
Camera is  poor  please  don't  buy,1.0
Yes,5.0
Bad,3.0
Cemra not good. But battery is good,5.0
Nice phone at an affordable price.,5.0
Awesome phone for it's price range,5.0
Totally it's a nice phone,4.0
Hang problems this mobile,2.0
Good device under budget.,5.0
Display quality very poor,3.0
Display very much average,4.0
Front camera is not clear,1.0
Display and over all good,3.0
Satisfied samsung product,4.0
Microphone is not working,1.0
It's is nice in low price,4.0
Good mobile in less price,4.0
Battery ok camera not bad,5.0
Camera n display not good,2.0
Very competitively priced,5.0
Good but not satisfactory,3.0
Online everything,5.0
I love it so much,5.0
Good mobile phone,3.0
Not Good Products,1.0
Very good product,5.0
Good product go and purchase it.,5.0
It's good budgeted phone,4.0
Good phone ... satisfied,5.0
Excellent battery backup,5.0
Such a great product. 👍,5.0
awesome..worth for money,5.0
Overall quality is fine.,5.0
It's weighing  too much.,3.0
Camera quality  vary bad,1.0
Its good in battery life,5.0
Good camera and battery back up,5.0
Rear Camera aren't really 48 MP,5.0
Charging of battery is not good,3.0
"Awesome product, stylish design",5.0
Best smart phone in under 10000,5.0
Very very good in budget price.,5.0
Good but headset not in the box,4.0
Good product under its price 👍,5.0
"Nice products , value for money",5.0
It takes 3 hours to charge 100%,1.0
Nice phone very awesome,5.0
Really like its battery,5.0
Camera quality not good,1.0
Phone is worth of money,2.0
Very nice phone,5.0
Cheap and best.,5.0
Not much better,1.0
Value for money,5.0
Nice one @9999.,5.0
Value for money,5.0
nice product,5.0
Good product,5.0
Good product,5.0
Good product,5.0
good product,4.0
Battery life,4.0
Good product,4.0
Battery life is just amazing,5.0
Very bad mobile camere is low,1.0
For the ram it is very cheap,5.0
good battery backup,4.0
Nice mobile,4.0
Batterylife,5.0
Hassle free,4.0
Camera poor,4.0
Outstanding,4.0
Not quality,2.0
Great phone,5.0
Paoli phone,5.0
Good,3.0
Worth buy,5.0
Very best,5.0
It's good,4.0
Very nice,5.0
Good fone,5.0
Good 👍👍,5.0
Very good,5.0
Very nice,5.0
Very nice,4.0
Average..,3.0
Battery backup is poor,5.0
Very weighted phone 📞,1.0
This phone is very bad,1.0
Very Very Good product,5.0
Betteri life very good,5.0
Camera quality average,4.0
Battery remains 2 days,5.0
Best within this range,5.0
90hz refresh ret not a,5.0
Good price good mobile,4.0
Average phone,2.0
Abbo average.,4.0
Camera is bad,5.0
Nice 🙂 phone,3.0
संतुष्टि प्राप्त  हुई,4.0
Super,5.0
Haevy,2.0
Virye,5.0
Super,5.0
Damage screen,1.0
Nice phone this price,1.0
Camera isn't good,2.0
Good for office work,4.0
Battery life is best,5.0
Some time phone hang,4.0
Overall worked super,5.0
Good product like it,5.0
Nice & amazing phone,5.0
Display is not 90 HZ,2.0
Not working properly,1.0
Why no headphones???,3.0
Battery life is good,5.0
It's a very good buy,5.0
Good reliable device,5.0
Charging very slowly,3.0
Bettery life dashing,5.0
Amazing battery life,5.0
Good for minimum use,5.0
Battery life is good,4.0
Phone heat very high,1.0
Overall very nice...,5.0
Battery life is good,5.0
Nyc mobile I love it,5.0
Battery life is good,5.0
Worst camera quality,1.0
Battery life is good,5.0
Best phone low price,5.0
Nick  phone  Samsung,5.0
Every thing is liked,4.0
Battery Life,5.0
Good,5.0
Nice,5.0
Battery life is good,3.0
Totally wasted money,1.0
Good quality,5.0
Poor quality,1.0
Like,5.0
Nice,5.0
Nice,5.0
Camera not too good,5.0
Nice phone,5.0
Poor camera quality,1.0
Like this product,3.0
Owsm mobile phone,5.0
Very good product,3.0
product very poor,3.0
Very good product,5.0
Good battery life,5.0
Processing  speed,5.0
Good battery life,5.0
I don't like this,3.0
Dislike very slow,2.0
Camera is worst..,1.0
Like this projuct,3.0
Excellent product,5.0
Very nice imaging,5.0
Worth for money..,4.0
Very nice product,5.0
Battery life good,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Awesome camera,4.0
It's too thick,3.0
Mobile is good,5.0
Awesome Phone.,5.0
not interested,5.0
Very good phon,5.0
Very Good fone,5.0
Bogus supplier,1.0
To much weight,1.0
Superb,5.0
Nice products,5.0
Is very white,2.0
Super quality,5.0
Worst product,1.0
Worth product,5.0
Not upto mark,3.0
Bahut bekar h,1.0
no head phone,3.0
Good products,5.0
All is well👍,4.0
Slow प्रोसेसर,5.0
Over all good,4.0
Awesome phone,5.0
Only home use,5.0
no head phone,4.0
Good purchase,4.0
West of money,1.0
Ok ok,4.0
Not i,2.0
Super,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Overall nice,5.0
Super mobile,5.0
Battery life,4.0
Bad products,1.0
Worth buying,5.0
Worst mobile,1.0
Battery life,5.0
Good battery,4.0
Good quality,5.0
Product nice,5.0
Good product,5.0
Heat problem,1.0
Great device,5.0
Paiss wasool,5.0
Owsom beauty,4.0
Working nice,4.0
Good product,4.0
Nice product,4.0
