review,rating
"Hi all, kindly note this is for the seller to know, I've ordered the pigeon mini chopper and used it perfectly for 12days.. and suddenly the puller got loosened and came out as a Junk, the same product I've used in UAE made by pigeon but the quality was entirely different, with a same price on it! I still don't know why us!! Why do we get cheated all the time.. though we pay taxes and buy this junks to our homes, now all I have is 15 pieces of junk plastics waste of money and Destruction for our nature... Better quality would have made a difference.",2.0
"Quite useless... takes a lot of effort to pull the string. Chopping is also not very nicely chopped.Green chilles don't get chopped.Much easier to chop by hand than pull the string. Very noisy too.Overall I'm very disappointed.Mine lasted for 6 months, a waste!",2.0
"This was my second time to buy this product. We had an excellent experience with the first one, that lasted about two years (about ten months usage). In the end the string broke, so I decided to reorder.However, this time the experience has been very poor. The string gets stuck easily, and it takes a lot of maneuvering to complete the work.Basically, it’s a fit case for replacement, which I will have to ask for.",2.0
I am posting this review after using this product after an year....Blads are vary good in sharoness and quality but Plastic/fiber material is not good.It got cracks very soon and from cuts and corners it is continuously breaking in small and tiny pieces...The Brand Piegion Disoppointed me.,2.0
We purchased this product based on the reviews  and felt good whie using it as it saves lots of time. Just after maximum of 6 usages something wrong went inside the lid and its not working at all. Unfortunately it seems there is no option to open and see inside the lid . Neither it can be fixed nor it can be used . Definitely didn't expect the product to work only 6 usages. Hoping seller may help us on this,2.0
I am writing this  review after using it for a month. Chopper's plastic and blade are of good quality. But its mechanical system which join pulley handle to inside blade is is a big mess. It get stuck very frequently. Most of the time I have to open the lid with screw driver to correct its pulley. I did not expect such a poor product from pigeon.,2.0
"The product seems duplicate as there is just a plastic sticker of pigeon, not engraved or printed. The stretch thread is very loose and pulls out without any force or friction. The lid doesn't fit or lock.",2.0
"It’s a very delicate plastic body which easily breaks. The string stops working after a few months and the cutter needs to be handled with great care. Instead of constantly buying a new cutter every 3-4 months, it is best to invest in a mixer grinder.",2.0
Purchased in Jan 21 and within 3 months the string get struck. The manufacturer must be adviced to improve the quality on that particular issue because I had gone though the reviews of other customers too who also complaint on the same. I am ordering again coz no other suitable option is available and other than string issue rest accessory is still good.  Hoping that this time will not have the same issue.,2.0
1. Simply pull several times to cut food items finer. The more number of times you pull the string the finer your fruits / vegetables become.2. I bought this item in May 2019. It is February 2021 and the bowel has started breaking apart. One piece broke and fell into vegetables. Please look at the photo. While eating this piece of plastic came in my mouth. Thankfully I wasn't hurt. It could have broken a tooth or something or if I had swallowed it then it could have resulted in health complications.,2.0
"Very nice blade like razor blade,I seen as bend,it is not useble for vegtable like carrot and onion.useble only fruits.",2.0
It’s really helpful for chopping veggies but the product is not longer more then 2 month’s I ordered twice both time it becomes defective and main issue there is no warranty bcz when u call them for repair they will give another no  and no ones pic the call pathetic service of pigeon !!!!,2.0
I bought this product in january 2019. Initially I found this product good. However I find its capacity to be less as per my requirement. Also after 3 months of usage its container got cracks. So I advise not to buy this instead try one with more capacity and good durability.,2.0
"This is a great and very handy product, But the problem is the plastic used for bowl is too poor quality, it is brittle and gets shattered. In less than 2 months of use compete bottom is broken. While the pigeon company did great work in designing they screwed up miserably in the plastic quality used.",2.0
"Disappointed. Its just been one month usage, product not working. overall built is good and easy to do the work with this, but unfortunately it stopped working. the shaft that connect to blade not spinning when we are pulling the rope.",2.0
"Bought one first, it turned out to be good. Quality was good and the string pull was good.Ordered 2 more, which took much time to be delivered and wasnt the same quality as the 1st one. The string pull was weak, the material was cheap, had to return it.",2.0
"The product was broken after 3 days of use, reached out to warranty team and they asked to travel all the way to another corner of the city where they will check and then again I have to visit service center to pick up, ideally they suggested to spend approx 700 rs for 215 product.",2.0
"Hi all, I have ordered 3 pieces for us and our neighbours, and in them one of the product arrived damaged as it was not functioning as per its mechanism.Please be aware before buying in bulk on online or check the product at the delivery.",2.0
The product worked fine for few days after that the string got Stuck. It is lying idle  since then.A big no to buy this product,2.0
The thread came out and stopped rotating .now it's not working . It's been less than a month .,2.0
"Within first few times of usage the plastic is wearing off. Also, the design of blades is not convenient to use.",2.0
Product is good but really cheap quality.. I bought it a month back and it's blades started breaking.. when it's single handed used.I bought it as it's from pigeon brand but did n9t expect it! Now saw it is under warranty so wil check with customer service.,2.0
I ordered 2 and used 1. In a few days the elastic started troubling. Today it conked out completely. Please take it back and replace or else refund money. Poor quality.,2.0
"i think waste of money , you not use this product because this time taken if you have so heavy quantity material to chop less space in inner chamber",2.0
"Its not working properly,,the rope is not strecthing.I'm using it rarely since two months,but its not working nowPls change it or return it under warrenty as it is not streching or working now",2.0
"Dont like it was defective, i returned.Only i bought it looking manufacture but it did not fulfill my expectations.",2.0
The string stop working after 2-3 month.. But all n all product is too good ..,2.0
Although the blades and chopper per se do an excellent job.. but the plastic make is of very cheap quality.  Mine cracked on first day while cleaning it after first use!,2.0
Too small to handle normal vegetables. Blade often get stuck on items placed in.The pulling thread may not last long and may need replacement. No spares provided in the pack.,2.0
"Good to choop tomato, cucumber, onion specially to make salad . Easy to use, save time of house - wife.",2.0
Too small. I doubt it can chop anything more than half an onion at a time. Had to replace with the XL one.,2.0
"Very delicate,items gets stuck while spinning,needs to improve performance.However,for small quantities it works very nicely .Avoid large quantities & use less quantities you will have no worries.",2.0
"The quality of plastic is very bad. Used it twice to cut some onions and one cabbage, the plastic has cracked.",2.0
I bought this a month back and this morning it stopped working. not able to chop vegetables now as the string does not go back once pulled out.,2.0
Good! Easy to use ! But the blade get blunt after few used! So after the blade get blunt so just have to throw it! Cos the blade is not available to buy online,2.0
I dislike this product. It is shown bigger in size but actually it is too small.,2.0
Not happy plastic bad,2.0
tried is broken unable to use kept aside help us how to repair,2.0
Not a user friendly product.. very complicated and time consuming,2.0
Product is useful but quality doesn't seem to be good broken within a year another one purchased was malfunctioned within a couple of months was not aware of warranty period so money got wasted on both purchases😫,2.0
Size of the product is too small.. it is not exactly as shown in picture.. Actually not worth for the price.. Quality is not much as expected,2.0
Stopped working within 15 days. Unable to fix it.,2.0
Does not chop properly. For me it's wastage of money,2.0
It’s easy to use if it’s works. But the thread is getting stuck in every 10sec.,2.0
Too small for our use. Major issue is it starts tearing vegetables instead of chopping/ cutting it.,2.0
It is kind of ok..but it is easyily breakable ..though very effective  chopping is really easy with it ..but not durable this  my third chopper in 6month,2.0
"The pulling rope breaks, after few time usage. Its better to opt for electronic one than manual one.",2.0
This is the second time I'm buying first one was good but to my bad this the string has stuck & no more working,2.0
"Main part is blade and thread. Within 2 months thread cut into half. How can I use that again? Thread is of bad quality, all other like blade, body are good",2.0
Useless piece. Garbage. Made out of cheap plastic. Do not buy.,2.0
It broken,2.0
Nice,2.0
Much less capacity. Much smaller than the other products in this cost,2.0
Developed crack in one week,2.0
"Very small, blades are not sharp,",2.0
Brittleness,2.0
Build quality is not like before. Poor plastic,2.0
The spring that pulls the thread back is brocken. It was weak.,2.0
"Bought it in November, Doesn't work any more in January. Hardly used it 3-4 times.Not worth spending",2.0
I have used it earlier also but this pc seems defective. Lot of noise and was not easy to chop.,2.0
Blade sharpness is not good.,2.0
Too small... 1Ltr one is good,2.0
Not usefully,2.0
The mechanism is not sturdy,2.0
"Though its a handy product, bowl plastic is very poor. Cracked on third time of use only.",2.0
Does its job well but it broke sooner than expected.,2.0
Use only tomato and Onion choping.,2.0
"Product was good but not even lasted for a month, totally disappointed",2.0
broke in just one use.low in quality.,2.0
Good,2.0
Very helpful.. Great product.. Used in my mom's house during Ramadan.. Loved it so i ordered it for my self.. 👍,2.0
Not durable at all. Easily impaired,2.0
Nice chopprwork smoothly...,2.0
I like it's look...,2.0
The old one was very good. The new design doesn't choose the items on top and only chops the items at the bottom of box,2.0
Rope is not free to use. It may struck frequently.,2.0
Bad product very Flimsy and delicate Contraption,2.0
I have purchased it 20 days ago but it is not working now. I think quality of spring used is very low quality.,2.0
I purchased the same product a month ago... very useful bt now i m facing the problem of string pulling. It does does not pull smoothly so it upsets me.,2.0
Bed quality and service is very bed.,2.0
Average smaller,2.0
Item is damaged please replace another one,2.0
Poor plastics,2.0
Very small,2.0
The spring mechanism got spoilt within 7 - 8 months of sparing use. Waste of money.,2.0
My product is not working after chopping some vegetables due to some problem .So I'd like to know about the warranty and the  exchange of the product,2.0
Quality is not good,2.0
Product is good by this price,2.0
Stretch is not working fine after 10 days of use. Worse,2.0
This is too small👎👎,2.0
Product is good. For product 4 star.But for courier blue dart 0 star. The worst courier company.,2.0
I got damaged product,2.0
MY FIRST CHOPPER IS WORKING FINE SO I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE BUT SECOND TIME THE THREAD CAME OUT WHILE I WAS CHECKING THE CHOPPER THAT ITS SMOOTH OR NOT,2.0
Not good at this price,2.0
"Quality of material is good but you will be fastruated when often retracted manual thread stuck in the middle..and also, since its very small in size it could chop only a small quantity stuffs at the time..so its wasting so much time ..ultimately I dumped it...hence,I feel its not worth for money what we pay..may be worth an around Rs.100 .",2.0
String gets broken after some days of use. I already purchased two but same issue. They should sell top lids separately so that we can use it with remaining parts. What to do with extra jar & blades?,2.0
it was working very finely for few days but after that Thread got stuck after few uses.......Now totally useless....not satisfied ....return should be their....,2.0
This product is at least 40 Rs more than in the original store. Better to wait. Extra costs have already been loaded herein,2.0
The product was easy to use and worked very nice but the thread got stuck and now each time we use this the thread gets stuck and doesn't works now. Waste of money.,2.0
One can get this product in the local market for a much much lower price.Product is very good. Not satisfied with the given price.,2.0
It's container is not tough. Its edges broken when fallen from height of 3 feet. Not recommended to buy.,2.0
Working z  proper...but small in size,2.0
Chops well but not my cup of tea. Chops onion into very fine pieces that it gets crunchy when you cook giving a different taste,2.0
Lasted only for a month.,2.0
for few days it worked very well but from last one week the tread got struck and it didnt chop anything and it is lying useless..so not worth it and its a mistake on my part i didnt check for the return date and wasted my money.,2.0
Good,2.0
"Like it in the beginning. But, the string handle which has to be pulled for chopping has got stuck after a few uses.",2.0
Broke within 7 days of purchase.  The one I had before this lasted 2 years. Disappointed.,2.0
Plastic Material the product  quality is not good ...,2.0
The spring broke at third usage....returned the product... probably the material quality is not good.,2.0
