review,rating
"Please do not buy expensive product like iphone from Amazon, i had very bad exp, the charger cord was missing and had sound quality issues. Amazon initial told charger doesn't come in box and when i challenged it they asked reimburse the cord amount, but i requested a replacement, after some days they called me and informed that they dont take responsibility of missing items, and 10 day replacement policy they dont follow, you can read the email conversation attached  here where i mentioned every thing, i have the call recordings as well. At last they denied the phone replacement and even to provide the missing cord. For any damage or quality issues they said amazon is not responsible.",1.0
"Bought the mobile from appario retail ltd. Mobile is heating up within seconds and also camera modes aren’t working properly. Particularly in portrait mode, the stage light and mono options aren’t working properly.  i raised the same to apple customer care they confirmed that its not software issue. But the amazon customer care told me that they need a job card and report from apple service center. The nearest service center is located at 210km from my place, imagine the amount of strain and how much its going to cost. Before you buy anything from this seller just google it and u can find numerous complaints on this seller. What ever they sell u will find defective products only. There is a thread on this sellers dubious deals in quora. Please be safe and don’t regret after.",1.0
Awesome Phone. Nice upgrade from iPhone 6s to iPhone 11. Love this beautiful phone.,5.0
"My Phone is Producing Too Much Heat Even Didn’t Put Sim , Never used more than Half an hour And It’s producing too much heat.. Totally Disappointed With Amazon. Now they are saying To Go Icare services( After Calling to customer care several times) Amazon can’t do anything For this . Worst Experience with Amazon. No one would like to repair new phone 😢 Better Go for shop To buy apple products .",1.0
"The iPhone design is good and the camera quality is awesome. You can also take pictures in wide angles and the image quality is awesome.Phone got delivered at 9am on 28th September (I pre-order it on 27th September at 3am in the morning), I got my phone before the delivery date with nice and secured packaging.The overall look of the phone is premium and face unlocking is fast. I grabbed this phone with HDFC 6K Instant Discount Offer at Just 64K (128 GB Variant).Cons:1. The phone is great but if you use ""in the box"" accessories like ""EarPods with Lighting Connector"", then you might feel a little pain in your ears.2. The phone comes with 5W charger which charge your phone slowly. I recommend you to prefer using 18W charger.Well, I've never tried the iPhone before and I'm using this for the first time (Yes, I'm already using other apple products like MacBook Air & Pro).But the product is great and I'm just lovin it.",5.0
"Defective product,got heat up within 5 minutes of starting. Need to return  fastVery very bad experience",1.0
The product i got was defective . The face id is not working and the back camera is also not working. There is a lot of hassle to get it exchanged. The apple service centre is also not of much help as the product is from amazon. Please buy phones from apple store to get the right product .,1.0
"Just after i switched it on, it started producing so much heating even i cant hold it by hand. Later i tried YouTube, game, normal browsing and it has the same excessive heating issue. Seems defective piece. I need refund asap. I have not paid 70k for a defective phone. I am feeling like got scammed.Edit - I returned this phone and got refund from amazon and bought the same from flipkart ..and it got no issues .",1.0
Provided with defective product .Struggling for replacement since then .There are so many hidden terms and conditions.It's my last order on Amazon,1.0
"helloPlease dont take any apple products online , especially if the seller is Appario Retail Private Ltd.I bought iphone 11 last month and suudenly today (17/08/2020) the phone got switched off and not getting switched on again.It was neither damaged nor it got wet in rains . I am very furious because i thought its an apple product and product will be robust.  My first impression on apple products is worst becuase of online reseller.This online reseller dont send the correct product instead they will send defective pieces or old piesces.My loss is 60000 rs. These people are worst and i request other guys not to take apple products from online or from the above mentioned reseller.",1.0
"The worst phn I have bought,started to heat up badly the very first time I switched it on ,Moreover it heats up everytime when I switch it on.Tried returning it to apple they denied,don't buy it from amazon",1.0
"Bought iPhone from seller Appario Retail. Phone had multiple issues such as WiFi, mobile network (no network for 10 days), facelock was working on multiple people etc in just 3 months of use.I have given my phone to apple service center and its been 10 days and its not fixed.STAY very careful before buying from this seller.Read mutilple bad reviews and I think seller is selling defective phones.",1.0
"I Ordered on 24 January 2020 already i am having three issues in that bluetooth is not working, Phone is getting hanged and battery back up is to low the product is defect it's just 6 Days i have purchased it's so bad experience which i never thaught off .",1.0
There is a minor Scratch to the glass on the front end it’s only visible when viewed in light properly it seems like a thread from cloth also when you touch that area nothing is felt . Is exchange of the item possible ? Although since it’s Amazon fulfilled I was care free that there would no Damage only after 2 days I was able to notice the damage although everything else looks fine . It would be great if exchange is made possible coz at the end of the day so much money is put into it . If not then I think I would not be buying any electronics product  from Amazon it better to buy from store co I can check everything on the spot .,1.0
"This is my 5th iPhone, iPhone 3G, 3Gs, 4S, 6 and now 11. Have used iPhone 6 more than 3.8 years.It is true when you keen to precision then nothing else can compete with the iPhone.Love the Portrait modes, wide-angle and the screen size.iPhone ring, a new tone is available now.Jio took only 30 minutes to activate the Esim.",5.0
"Worst ever! Battery health starts to drop within 3 months of usage. Camera for pictures suck when compared to OnePlus or other android phones. Phone gets heated up within 10-15 minutes of talking over calls or internet use. Apple customer care doesn’t do anything but say this is best IPhone ever and everything is good with it.Also, I bought on EMI for 6 months with HDFC credit card with a 5000rs discount but i have to pay the EMI for the full amount gets cut every month.",1.0
"This will help you more. See if you are planning to buy iPhone 11. I will say. Yes.But there are some plans I just want to disclose before you buy.1) If you are an existing iPhone X/XS/XS Max/ XR user, better you guys do not think it to buy. You guys have more or less better gadget.2) If you are an android user and planning to buy premium phone. I will suggest them to please buy iPhone instead of buying an Android. I bet you will never go back to android after using IOS.Now I want to share my 2 month experience with iPhone 11.1) Battery backup is 19 hours as I used it for 1 week.2) Mind blowing Camera. Best is slow motion.3) Very Handy. And look premium. If you have huge money then please go for Pro max.4) Display is more or less good. Worth it because it is not Premium display and you are not paying for 11 Pro max.5) You will love the sound when your phone is ringing.6) Front camera is awesome and must try slow motion selfie. That's it. Should provide Fast Charging.",5.0
The Apple iPhone 11 that I received today had already been opened. I got it without any deal or plastic cover.I don’t know if it’s damaged inside I am not touching itPlease take it back and give me a completely new packed one.I am extremely upset about this.,1.0
Got it on 8 th Aug did not open it due to corona . Had to travel  to hp so put it into use 4 days back There is a problem with sound very low sound have to put it on speaker to hear the conversation . How can a new brand phone have this problem kindly look into it . Also in this corona time the return/replace window should be a little more relaxed as we senior citizens will not take this risk of using it immediately . Kindly look into the matter asap,1.0
worst phone and worst service..I bought from amazon and new phone had excessive heating issue..tried contacting amazon but no help was given..wasted my money n then had to run after apple people for new phome defect and its been 2 weeks i dont hav my phone..dont buy atleasr from amazon,1.0
"Beware of Amazon and the seller Appario Retail Private Ltd. Never purchase high end phones from online platform. The phone delivered to me yesterday was in damaged condition with vertical line on the screen.After contacting Amazon I was asked to take a note from authorised Apple service centre. Even after doing the same I was asked by one of the Amazon representative again to get one more letter from service centre. To my surprise, the service centre denied stating they never issue letters, other than the service record sheet. Still waiting for Amazon to process the exchange of iPhone 11.Horrible experience with #Amazon. 😭Rating of 1 star is for Amazon and the seller and not for the phone. Further I don't have idea for battery, face recognition and camera as I was not able to use iphone 11 and till now I have only bitter experience.",1.0
"Dont go by the negative reviews! If you want to go for iphone which can compete with high end android phones, this is the one. I have used the Oneplus 7T for 2.5 months (and sold it) and can say after comparison that the photos that iPhone 11 takes are way better than OP 7T. The battery has been performing really well after all daily chores, youtube, spotify, netflix, etc. I have last charged the phone to 100% at 9.12 pm and as I write this review (12.54 pm next day), I have got 30% left. I used to have an iphone 6s which I used for 4 years after which I bought the OP 7T. Now that I am back to the ios ecosystem, it does feel good! Also, trust me, the transition back to a Liquid Retina display from 90Hz does not feel bad, because Apple has really done a good job is maintaining a crisp and vibrant display in iPhone 11. Go for it guys. Haters will always hate!",5.0
"Display is not at par. even after adjusting the colour settings. More of Yellow tint.Screen width is not suitable for e- reading in phone.Top notch is disturbance for watching videos in full screen.Keyboard is occupying half of the phone space.Camera, I think my expectations are on higher side.Side button disconnects the call and doesn’t lock the screen during the calls.However phone performance and sound are good.In my opinion I should have waited for iPhone 12.",3.0
"My mom got this phone after using oneplus 5t for 2 years and for change she wanted to try iOS. As she is not a heavy user and not a pixel peeper and also inclines towards fancy colored phones[previously lava red 5t] I thought of advising her to go for iPhone 11. Now coming to the phone or should I say iPhone, it is really a good one fulfilling many of its duties; I'll just list out a few points regarding the phone:Pros:A great camera with realistic colors[not highly saturated]The best video recording on a mobile[as of Feb 2020]Somewhere between great to excellent battery lifeThe software experience is great if you're into ""apple way"" of things and the whole experience is just FLUIDICThe phone feels expensive and gives you a feel-good factor and also the build is pretty stellar even if some people are commenting that it's sides are alluminium and not steel.Cons:Many buyers and even youtubers are saying that the display is great and you wont notice the difference in day to day life but I dont want to sugarcoat things! The display is DECENT and NOT great! In day to day life with texting applications and general usage of phone you wont feel any difference, that is correct, BUT when you get into media apps like youtube, NETFLIX, ... etc you will notice the difference of lower resolution. there's just no escaping that fact.You will also notice a great difference in screenshots containing text.The display, in my opinion, would be the main deal breaker for me but in my case the phone is for my mom and she's not a tech geek and she's loving the purple color and the camera of the phone.And also if you're into data transferring between your phone and your laptop[windows laptop] this phone will frustrate you for sure. For this I will suggest you to rely on cloud based services and not on manual cable sync process.Conclusion with personal thoughts:Overall the phone is a great one if you're not a tech geek and want the latest iPhone. It's also a great pick for those who want great hardware with flagship tech but prefer watching media on laptop or smart TV.",4.0
"Been almost 10 months I have been using the iPhone 11 128 GB. Apple is known as one of the premium phone manufacturers who do not compromise on quality, user experience and simplicity (company claims). It is certain that the Apple products have a brand appeal in the Indian market. This appeal allows them to charge a surplus from the customers for their products. Opinions differ if this is justified. For me, I like to evaluate the phone’s features with the cost.The build quality And design of this phone is absolutely fantastic! Curves at the right places, the tactile buttons, it just screams premium. When you pick up the phone, you feet the weight. I came into this phone from a Samsung galaxy and the first thing I notice is the disparity in the weight. This is probably due to the LCD screen on the former as compared to OLED in the galaxy series. The screen on Iphone 11is a “Liquid Retina display”; fancy term for a highly polished, well optimised LCD screen. It is a good screen. It is just slightly above 720p resolution but in everyday activities most people won’t notice it. I noticed it. For me, the screen is a major downside of this phone. You are shelling out almost 70000 ₹, the customer deserves at least a 1080p (full HD) screen. Today when most of the “budget” phones come with 1080p screen, the step back by Apple is definitely not appreciated. It is also necessary to mention, I prefer OLED screen over LCD due to their deep blacks and high contrast ratio. But surprisingly, this LCD screen on the iPhone is better than a few OLED screens I compared it to!(albeit comparing at the same resolution)- Xaomi note series, vivo and oppo. Only Samsung screens were ridiculously amazing even in their M series phones.Another positive of iPhone is the amazing battery life. I am a very heavy user with lots of videos, streaming music all the time, Bluetooth on, WiFi on, location on, browsing, multiple calls daily, video conference meetings, push email- official and personal, light browsing on social media sites and a lot of photos/videos. This beast survives the whole day! But the thing that irks me is the puny 5 watt charger in the box. It takes close to 3 h to charge from 10% to 96%! I suggest you buy a 12 watt charger that is sold separately. Apple should have provided a 12 watt charger in the box at the price point.Another frustrating part of the Apple ecosystem is the iCloud storage that essentially is required if you want to back up phone/photos etc. this costs 79₹ for 50GB PER MONTH. Apple pulls you into their ecosystem with their services, which I must say are excellent. The Apple ecosystem is stress free and just seamless. The phrase “it just works” really works here. I have an MacBook Pro and the iPhone works really well with my laptop allowing me to answer calls, messages right from my laptop.The one feature I wasn’t too sure of, which grew on me until the start of pandemic, is the face recognition. It’s safe, secure and absolutely amazing. It works for all authentication requirements of the phone and is beautiful. I understand now the appeal of face recognition and the “soli” chip on the google pixel4. Btw, the pandemic and the accompanying masks have created a hurdle for the face recognition. Today I wonder if the fingerprint would have been better than the fancy face recognition.One of my favourite is the cameras! It’s Apple! They made their name and reputation on cameras. I won’t say too much on this topic as it’s well known. Only google pixel can compete in the photos department but they iPhone is definitely the video kings.Another key area in which Apple has made their name is the security, encryption and privacy policy. This is one of the major reasons for their premium price tags.I give this phone a very enthusiastic 4 stars. I wish they improve the screen at this price point to at least a 1080p and include a respectable charger in the box. I have not talked about the OS as I believe iOS or android is a personal choice and I am reviewing the key features of the iPhone and it’s hardware.",4.0
"First i would like to write about the Online Shopping Platform : AMAZON.Amazon is and i believe will be the best and the most trusted e-commerce brands in the country.Speculations and scepticism about whether or not, you should buy electronics from Amazon, will always be there.But my answer would be, GO FOR IT.I did buy this product from Amazon and it is AUTHENTIC.No doubts remain anymore.Well that being said, nothing is permanent.I TRUST IN AMAZON, when i think about buying anything from Apples to Apple Iphone.Keep it up.Good delivery, on time.Amidst the lockdown wave, starting 13th July, Midnight.I got it on the morning of 13th. So no complaints.Delivery: Good.Product Packaging: Very Good.Notifications: Good.Shopping Experience: Good.About the product, well you guys, know about it very well already.One stop shop for all my shopping needs.AMAZON is the way to go !",5.0
MRP on product is 69k for 128gb variant but Amazon is selling for 73.6k saying revised price after April’2020. Is this justified?Also I have opted for 6 months no cost emi but when I see my credit card statement entire amount is due. Amazon now claiming that I have not opted for any emi option and asking me whether I took any screenshot while making payment. Such an unprofessional behaviourNow come to the phone-Everything is awesome except whenever you make call or incoming calls the network for that number dies and quality of call is terrible . I am using it as dual sim and not sure if it bcoz of this.Battery also taking too much time to get chargedMobile is heating after half an hour of use,2.0
I want to return the product because it looks like a refurbished one however no one is contacting with me not taking order. Please do no buy it because its not a new product and also you can not return it,1.0
"NEVER GO FOR AMAZON IF IT'S I PHONE....Had some issues with lock screen... When informed and asked for replacement, Amazon agents said me to visit a I store...There is more chance of getting a refurbished phone in the name of new phone... Be careful... Don't buy goods of this worth from online sites...",1.0
"Phenomenal is the word , apple finally clicks in India with its predatory pricing and top notch feature which makes it hard to let go.The battery is running strong and the added extra camera is a plus. Apple you aced this one.",5.0
"Good Deal on prime dayDesign in California, Assembled in INDIA🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳",5.0
"The Battery cannot hold up for long, also let me point the very obvious 18W charger getting a miss from the box and still isn’t up to the current Unix-Linux run, Google Android OS phones like Samsung’s A 30’s which cost about 12-15k come with 15W chargers..Camera: Night Mode is only useful if there is some kind of light it just can’t help but over expose the pictures and make them fee like they are from a Feature phone in the early years.Sound & Call Quality also NetworkSound is spot on both the music and audio or video calls are crystal clear.. I must add the front firing speaker was a great addition but what will make it more interesting will be if they can make the other vent for just acoustics into a speaker and have three instead of a dummy vent!Network with any kind of case on will have issues of poor and unstable connection.Camera:The Live Photo’s with the new hardware module just works superb with decent lighting. It wouldn’t take you more than a couple of seconds to figure out what should be your frame with the sensor throughly doing its job picking up subjects, colors, shadows and adding the Apple magic in every photo :PI would’ve preferred an Apple insurance or any warranty extension, we are all aware how the exchange and sale value on these phones are like lately!",3.0
"The iPhone 11 delivered was defective and had spots on display which doesn't clear even after cleaning. Amazon app shows 10 days return or replacement by Amazon. But, when contacted they push us to go to apple service center directly and doesn't provide any help.",1.0
"This is the most unusual experience I ever had with an Apple product. I ordered the iPhone 11 Black, 128 GB, the top portion of the Touchscreen was not working at all. Further, got it replaced with another iPhone in the replacement. The second phone that arrived was also defective. The speakers of the phone were super defective. It was highly evident that the product is defective. Had no option but to return the product and buy the phone at a higher cost with Vijay sales. Appario Brand retailers are supposed to be the best in the business. But two defective iPhones in two days is surely an issue. Really bad experience with iPhone Products. Had to gift the phone to my dad on his birthday. Made my dad sad. No Electronics products for me from Amazon now.",1.0
"This is my first iPhone. After being an Android enthusiast and loyalist for over a decade, poor Pixel design and besting camera of iPhone 11 made me switch to the walled garden. Coming from Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge I had my doubts on the LCD screen and low resolution, but believe me my doubts were unfounded. The screen on iPhone 11 is crisp and clear, with good color accuracy and balanced punch. I did a lot research comparing iPhone 11, the pro and max models as well, along with Note 10 and OnePlus 7T Pro. Comparing them side by side, iPhone 11 always came out on top in camera department - the most important criteria for me (which had made me choose S7 years ago). I also looked at iPhone XR, but the 11 offers substantial updates over XR.-----------------------************------------------------Here are the pros from the last few days of usage:1) Excellent battery life - I consistently end my day at 40+ %. All while I am still exploring the phone (and hence using it more).2) Dual camera system - the normal iPhone 11 makes the perfect compromise from the pro models - retaining the same primary sensor and wide angle sensor - I can live without the telephoto. Essentially the same quality as the pro. Pictures are true to life, accurate in color and great HDR. Low light performance is again top notch.3) A13 bionic and butter smooth experience. Never experienced lag free ui before - even 12GB RAM model Note 10 stuttered when testing.4) Promise of timely updates, straight from Apple. No OEM BS. This is an underrated and misunderstood parameter. I am paying comparable money for Android phones and getting latest OS after 6+ months and that too for only 2 years (followed by 1 year of security updates). Apple's promise of 5 year updates is reassuring - with increasing use of financial transactions on mobile getting security releases and bug fixes on day of release is critical.5) Build quality and design are unparalleled. Love the design - grows on you. Apple is a premium brand and you can feel the attention to detail in alignment of ports, ui elements, the milled camera cutout, etc.6) Gestures - Android does a piss poor job of this. Samsung's dumb implementation on Note 10 killed it for me. I don't need a split pill for the sake of it and call it Gestures. iOS does it so much better and in an intuitive style. I wonder how I was using my phone in now what feels like an archaic way through back button (and pixel's implementation is pathetic and confusing).7) Face ID is way more convenient that fingerprint and security unmatched on Android. I don't need to fiddle any more with my fingers to unlock and then navigate the phone. Seems Face ID and Gesture navigation complement each other to make a powerful and smooth user experience. I can navigate the phone instantly so my hands dont need to first fiddle with a fingerprint scanner and then shift the hold and focus to navigation. It's these small things that makes Apple what it is - a pleasurable experience.------------------------***********-----------------------Cons:1) LCD - The phone's biggest weakness is the screen. Don't get me wrong its an excellent LCD, only marred by lack of true blacks. Even then I am using the dark mode coz I like it.2) Photos app froze once for me when trying to share a large number of live photos on Whatsapp. Had to restart the phone to solve the issue. Hope this was an one off error.3) 5W charger - at this price it's fair to expect a fast charger, given the phone is capable of fast charging.4) Few apps that were free on Android are paid on iOS. I was surprised to find this. Nonetheless I bought the app as it was critical for me (didn't want to lose years of data from Android).5) Default zoom and text size make it difficult to read the text. Increasing either makes the screen seem less sharp.6) 3rd party keyboard - cannot be used in some apps. Only the pre-installed Apple keyboard shows up (maybe some security reason). This leads to poor trying experience. E.g. in the Outlook app SwiftKey never shows up. Can't get my head around this, as this breaks an otherwise smooth experience.--------------------************----------------------Final words - go for iPhone if you can afford it. Comparable Android flagships are way behind as an experience and complete package.***************************************Love the black color.***************************************Fun fact - tempered glass and case ordered an hour the phone were delivered the next morning and the phone was delivered late in the evening after continued follow up with customer care.",5.0
"Everything about this phone is amazing!And Amazon’s delivery is glitch-free. Order without a care!Received a perfectly sealed box, and inside was this beauty.Anyone looking for an upgrade from the iPhone6/7/8 should definitely consider this cause this phone is leagues ahead. No Lag whatsoever. Amazing Processing Power.The Camera Quality is amongst the best so far.Low Light Pictures take some time.Battery- A full charge lasts more than a day’s use with moderate usage.",5.0
"Since day one ive raised a return req and none has replied,i made return req again and again,but of no use..Amazon are u really helping customers about problems they ve raised? Pity on u amazon.....i just wasted my money through ur platform .... Shame on u",2.0
"I purchased the iPhone 11 for my daughter. She was very keen to have her own iPhone. On 20 oct 2020, after receiving the package I opened it and switched on the iPhone. It was devastating for us, my daughter in particular to see a red spot in the screen. Immediately I took up with Amazon help. But they disowned on the pretext that Apple, the manufacturer can only help on this. I contacted Apple help but they tried to shift the responsibility to seller. We were put in a state of helplessness. Finally I decided to visit the Apple service centre. On 21 Oct 2020 I visited the service centre, they acknowledged the problem in the iPhone Screen and took it with a promise either to fix the screen or change the mobile. I contended, I have bought a brand new iPhone to gift to my daughter and I don’t want a “repaired tag” in this. I want the iPhone to be replaced. They said decision of Apple would be binding on me, I can’t demand anything. I am still waiting to hear from them. I don’t know what Apple is going to do.In the meantime Amazon and the seller are happy to have sold a faulty product to me and the poor me after running from pillar to post is waiting for the mercy of Apple.",1.0
Awesome,5.0
"Today finally I got my iPhone 11, but it doesn't go well as expected, the ringtone volume goes off as it rings, not audible and even while on phone(on conversation) it needs Loudspeaker on to make the sound audible. I am going to return this iPhone to the Amazon and i suggest you friend don't buy this phone as most of iphones have some or less problems.",1.0
I brought this product from Amazon 2days back and observed a scratch in the screen and a dent on top of the back panelApple care has provided the case ID to check with Amazon. But the Amazon colleagues have not supported to proceed with replacement or refund.Please do not buy smart phones from Amazon. Instead try to buy it from stores as you will get defected products from Amazon,1.0
"Worst policy ever. Product has come with only usb cable without adopter and earphones.Is it making any sense? Even initial charging can’t be done, how could you rate the product????? This is truly cheating the customer, which shouldn’t be entertained. Humble request, please do not cheat your customers who trust you and without seeing the product they do pay for it. Please include all required accessories and display the price. DO NOT DECEIVE!!!",1.0
Received a defective display product. And now after lots of follow-ups amazon asks me to return the product. Where as I am looking for replacement. But they're not willing to help. They say the product is not in stock.,1.0
"I got received fresh box packing and manufacturing nov month. I heard many rumors for fake iphone delivered from Amazon.  But i don't think they do this cheap work. So without hesitate u can place order from Amazon. I have used some days this product then i feel on hand its awesome. I have listened music earphones and stereo speakers. Very loudly sound and every beats are crisp and clear.Camera quality are awesome no doubt. Display quality is decent  and battery life is also decent. Approx 1 day uses with normal uses. Face id is more secure. But i got face one issue. In this Pandemic, the mask has to come down again and again whenever the phone has to be unlocked. So they should give In fingerprint displays. This is safe feature in this pandemic.Along with the phone, they should also provide a charger. Because you take so much money, you still cannot provide charger, even that big company!Overall the phone is good, you can buy.",4.0
"Happily upgraded my parents to an iPhone from Android.Pros:1. This is the best device in all respects. The best of the best flagship Android phones cannot match up to this one at a 46k price point. Pixel4A was a let down IMO.2. Wireless charging, NFC, nice camera, regular iOS updates, a no frills phone, IP68 rating, etc; what more can you want from your phone?Cons:1. There'd be a few surprises for a religious Android user, e.g. one cannot likely transfer files without installing iTunes. It is a breeze for general usage viz shopping, booking cabs, making payments, etc.2. It has an e-SIM for dual SIM support and as of now you can only use AirTel or Jio e-Sim in India. The perils of getting one is a bit complicated but we'll documented.3. The Apple ecosystem is a trap, once you are in it'd be super hard to get out for really good reasons. You might end up buying lots of iProducts and burning a lot of money, so proceed with caution.4. Read the terms and conditions ofApple warranty. Most likely water damage isn't covered by Apple. This isn't your phone, it's your kidney, handle with care go buy some insurance.",5.0
I received a damaged product with scratches all over,1.0
Pro- Camera & PerformanceCon- Hideous Notch (why d hell nobody talks about it??)Batteryटिप्पणी-भारत में अब Apple अपने किसी अतिविशिष्ट hardware या software के नहीं अपितु दिखावे की वस्तुमात्र (वैभव-प्रतीक) होने के कारण विक्रित होती है।जिसमें दूसरों को हीन तथा स्वयं को मिथ्याश्रेष्ठ या धनवान दिखाने की फूहड़ व भौंडी मानसिकता का कंपनी अपने लाभहेतु दोहन करने का प्रयास करती है।इसके अतिरिक्त मुझे इस फ़ोन में ऐसा कुछ भी अतिविशेष दिखाई नहीं दिया जो इससे आधे या उससे भी कमदाम के फ़ोन में उपलब्ध न हो।,2.0
I don’t think the quality of phone is good. Might not buy an iPhone anywhere else than apple store.The phone hangs few times everyday. Touch is not as smooth and its heating up as well. Didn’t hear all this from a friend who is using iPhone11 too. Must be a refurbished or low quality phone beng sold here.,2.0
"There is no android phone in the market which could compete this beast. Undoubtedly best for Pubg if you taking this for game or youtubing go for it......if not i think you should switch to oneplus varient.....best thing about this phone is its privacy and gaming screen recorder its just unbelievable.....only cons (charging process is very slowwwwwww it takes 3hrs for 5w charger, 2hrs for 12w charger and 1.5hrs for 18w charger) NO FAST CHARGING the only reason for 4 star😉😉😉",4.0
Guys I have learned that there are two types of screen display color in iPhone 11. One is with yellow tint and other one is blue tint.  And my phone which I got from amazon is yellow tint which is very low in brightness. Blue tint is good and brighter. Do not purchase yellow tint phones. Not happy with amazon service as they are not exchanging to blue tint.,1.0
I was very much worried when I ordered this phone from Amazon sale cuz of so many negative reviews  n grabbed it in 44k around. When I unboxed it and check warranty along with every possible detail I found it to be a superb phone at a jaw dropping price. My phone has no heating issue or camera issue or whatever issue these guys have mentioned in reviews. All over a great deal. Just go for it blindly as it’s still cheaper than what u get in offline store.,5.0
"There is always WiFi problem. Its WiFi signal catching ability is very low and unstatic. Therefore, it is useless for me. Apple authorized service centre, without checking my phone, told me that every WiFi connection has its own strength. My WiFi works good in my OnePlus 7 Pro. I had complained it on the very 1st day of its delivery to me. Amazon asked me to visit Apple Authorized Service Centre. But there is no help either from Amazon or Apple Authorized Service Centre. It is also slow as compared to my OnePlus 7 Pro.",1.0
Me a ten year android user finally switched to iOS and this was a deal which couldn’t be refused. About iPhone everything is great. Just two cons comparatively less battery back up if you coming from 5000/6000mAH android phones and screen has a bit of yellow tint but it can be resolved from settings. So overall 8.5/10 for the phone.,5.0
Received a defective piece. There’s no option to replace. Apple store is 250kms away from my address.,1.0
"I have been an iPhone user 8 years now. The battery backup is very much improved in iPhone 11. Performance is great.Highlighting an issue which happened for me but was resolved. May help others as well.After I started the new phone, in the initial steps I chose to set it up using my old device 6s.Post that the phone was super heated from a short usage, battery was getting drained and voice memos failed to respond after launch.Apple customer care helped a lot and eventually tried the option to reset the iPhone 11 and set it up from scratch as raw. Restored the data from iCloud later.Strange, but the phone now works like a charm as I mentioned in the start.Evaluate your usage and budget to make the right choice.",5.0
Of course u r purchase a I phone but when u purchase phone on this cost they should give airpods....m expecting the pods but again having wired earphones .it means I spent again money for buying airpods...that is not fair with customers..but another side when u have the it's nice....nice phone,5.0
"Finally got ""iphone"".Great from Amazon great india sales.Battery life apple phone is given 3100mAH but it works equally with the android 6,000mAH easily lasts one day.And all are well known about quality of iPhones even its 12mp.Phone feels little bit wider than normal phones.",5.0
"I have booked Iphone 11 during the sale on 16th October and there is cash back offer in amazon of Rs.1250 and its clearly written that cashback will receive as amazon pay within 3 working days after shipping.I have not got it still the cashback. Even after calling to customer care, there is no response and i've not got the cash back amount.This is really worst thing from amazon on cheating customer by showing discounts/offers/deals.",1.0
"Dear Amazon Support/Customer Care,This ls to write and bring to your notice regarding the extremely bad quality of product and support provided by Amazon.To brief you about the situation, I bought an apple iphone-11 from Amazon and not from any other platform because of the trust on Amazon and it's great support team. But this time around, it was a completely opposite situation. After receiving the product on 30.10.2020, the product was discolored ( like damage); I immediately tried to replace the product through the options available on the app, but the app would just direct me back to the link of apple support website and contact number. After several tries, I final got through the apple support, only to be redirected to the apple store. On reaching the apple Stores during the limited stringent work hours, I was asked to come the next day. On the next day, I was informed that this issue needs to be taken up by Amazon only.After being extremely tired of this entire long process, with great difficulty, I could connect with the Amazon customer support. The customer support assured me of resolving the issue and asked me to wait for 24 hours to get a call.Post this, it has already been more than 40 hours and I m yet to receive any call. Furthermore, when I am trying to call the same number, I fail to connect despite repeated tries. I am extremely disappointed with the quality of your product and support; which is least expected from Amazon.Today being my last day of eligible replacement, I write to you with the Last hope of some relief.I expect atleast this time around Amazon will help its long loyal customer, who is losing faith in the quality of Amazon.",1.0
"There is no fingerprint reader. There is face reader.1. Quality of face reader is not up to the mark. One’ll is’ s face reader is better2. Long WhatsApp messages get truncated3. The call log cannot store all calls. It stores only last 1000. Also, it does not consolidate the calls of a single caller.4. Screen is good. Mine is functioning well with minute scratches after 10+ months of usage5. Speaker phone volume is low6. Ringtone volume is low. Missed so many calls if someone is on the move7. No support on third party apps like WhatsApp, Facebook or Adobe",3.0
"Phone is perfect in all aspect just few things lacksBattery charging is slow even if I’m charging with Huawei 18 watt chargerAnd 2nd camera I would this could be bcz I’m coming from pixel 3xl and if i have to compare in 10 I would give 10 to pixel even though it didn’t have ultra wide lens and this I would give 6 .Only in 2 thing is got disappointed1 battery charging and backup2 cameraAnd make no mistake it QQUALCOMM quick charge so don’t go for suck Warp .vooc ,Dash , 65 waat and and such kind of charge bcz it only supports PD charge (power delivery) a charger which has out put USB C for example pixel charger and Samsung note 9 and above.",4.0
Ordered on 16th (Midnight) for ₹51.7k using the Offer on Great Indian Festival Sale. It arrived the Same Day the Following afternoon.Excellent Deal and Delivery by Amazon.,5.0
"Brilliant phone with fantastic features at an unbeatable price. To all those naysayers comparing Android with iOS, I have just one thing to say - Use iOS once and then we’ll see who comes out trumps. Face ID Unlock is best in class, amazing camera clarity, super fast processor, iOS 14.1, Battery that lasts more than a day with a single charge. Do you wish for anything more? Nah. All things packed in one phone. The one, the only, the Master of all. My Phone - iPhone🙂",5.0
"When I decided to upgrade my iPhone from 7 to iPhone 11, I browsed through in Amazon, I was shocked when I saw the review, there were quite a few bad reviews and I was so skeptical whether I should buy it from Amazon... it took me a week to decided and finally I thought let me take a risk. I purchased the phone and it was delivered to me the very next day. I opened the box with lots of doubts, but all my doubts turned into smile when I switched on my phone, it works brilliantly and I didn’t have any trouble.. the phone is amazing and I just love it.. I made the right choice. Only disappointment I had was the box doesn’t come with an charger adapter. Otherwise the phone is just amazing.",5.0
The new iPhone mobile I purchased through Amazon getting heated while using the device for few minutes. Also noted the charges are getting extra hot.So please contact the use urgently and replace the devise urgently (refer the delivery address and contact number from my order),1.0
"This is my first time using iPhonePros1. Camera is too much better than most of the smartphones with 48, 64 and 108 mp camera2. Face ID works all the time even with lowest brightness of phone in full dark room3. Surround Sound is excellent, it was soo pleasing4. Battery backup is better it  lasts almost a day on average using(No games)Cons1. Charging speed is too low, it takes about 3hrs to charge from 0 to 1002.Display could have been slightly better, but still it's a better one3. Heats up slightly on heavy usageDelivered on time By Amazon, Happy with product and Amazon service as well.",5.0
"Here’s my long term review on IPhone 11 64GB. I had ordered this phone around 7months back and this has been my daily driver since then. To give you a perspective I am using the dual sim in here reliance Jio as esim and Vodafone idea as physical sim. Both works fine and network connectivity is great.WiFi reception is Average I would say.Call quality is awesome one can hear clean and crispThe speaker is Loud and the music plays great I love itThe display is good but not great like my Old Note 9, but still colour reproduction is accurateBattery back up is good and it typically lasts a whole day.The phone is slippery so I use a back case.Nothing more to say about i0S and it’s updates they are great",5.0
Don't buy at all. Display is the worst display from Apple ever. Camera performance is cheap.,1.0
I recieved not working accesories and amazon  tell me to bring deny letter from amazon wow this is the seller concern such a bad service from amazon not worth to buy such expensive product from amazon i suggest not buy expensive products from amazon and from this typ of sellers too,1.0
"Great phone with a very good camera and FaceId feature. The phone does not have a finger print reader. It was very easy to transfer information from my old phone. Just switch on the new phone, connect it to wifi, plug both the old and new phone to power and place them snear each other. Then start the transfer process. in approx. 30 minutes its all done. All the apps, photos, songs etc. get transferred directly for the old device to the new device. No need for backup and restore. Then transfer the SIM from your old phone to the new phone and you are all set. Seamless!!!",5.0
"Handsdown to the best vfm apple product right now on the sale. I was so skeptical reading the negative reviews from the seller named - apparioBut then eventually things were pretty cool.Got it delivered within a day.And the box was sealed with no dents or anything crap which you might have read in the previous reviews. ✌🏻 Also if you wanna jump to the ios ecosystem, you may opt for xr which was available for 36k during the sale, or even low for the SE2These products won't disappoint you ! 💯💯💯",5.0
"Product : iPhone 11 (White, 128GB)Occasion : Amazon's Great Indian Festival, 2020Price : ₹49,999Seller : Apparel Retail Private Ltd., Tamil Nadu Key Points on Amazon :1) Received it by one and half day.2) No damaging or used product(Its Brand New).3) Warranty got applied only after booting up the device.4) I was worried about online fraud, but thank god this purchase isn't one.First impressions  &  Key points:1) Very premium phone.2) Loaded with features.3) Camera performance is good.4) Haven't tested battery yet, but seems to be good.5) Face ID is super fast.6) Glad to receive accessories[Feeling sad for people seeing it in coming years ;)]7) Back panel is extra prune to fingerprints. So, case is highly recommended.8) Same with front display. Suggest you to apply a tempered glass.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase and impressed with Amazon and Seller for this experience.PS: These are 1st impressions, I'll be reviewing it again.",5.0
I purchased this phone during Oct festive sale and I am happy with the product.If u wanna buy the phone I am assuming u have gone through tons of reviews and videos.Everything is good until I checked GPS. It’s not working properly each and every time. I am residing in Bangalore but my location is based in Romania😂And still I am unable resolve the issue. Hope a software update will fix this bug.,4.0
"I never go by reviews. I have done intensive research differentiating between android and iOS. I previously was a big fan of Symbian OS. No wonder the most robust system in those days. Then, android & Windows took over Symbian monopoly.I was accustomed with symbian but had no choice to buy Sony Experia smart phone as Nokia got dissapeared. I somehow wasnt comfortable with Android stock apps and the way the overall file system.I then decided to try iOS and I never regretted to ever switch back to Android.",5.0
"My Face ID recognition is not working. Spoke with Apple customer care, their instructions didn't work, later went to the iPhone service center too,  They said it might be a hardware problem, and asked us to return the phone since I bought it today, But I can't able to return the mobile in amazon. They said 30 days replacement warranty. But when I choose the replacement option, they ask me again to talk with the customer care. poor service amazon",2.0
"Not worthJust after i switched it on, it started producing so much heating even i cant hold it by hand and also hanging. Later i tried YouTube, game, normal browsing and it has the same excessive heating issue with hanging . Seems defective piece. I need refund asap. I have  paid 54k for a defective phone. I am feeling like fixed with Amazon scam",1.0
"Received original product one day before the mentioned date.I saw videos where most of the people said they received fake product from amazon, i was scared but it looks the people who make such videos are fake.This is my 4 mobile from amazon and all received products are original.In terms of iphone review no doubt about their quality and reliability.I am happy and satisfied customer of Amazon.Thankyou!!",4.0
Writing this review after careful consideration. I am happy with the product it is as expected from Apple.I will review this as per my experience from Amazon(service) and iPhone(product). I will tell write what I liked and what I didn't.Pros1. Professional delivery.2. Product received as described.3. Delivery received before the mentioned/dispatch date.4 Received a made in India device.Cons1. Amazon had prime days where it advertised the product for a price and changed the price the very same day.I couldn't purchase on 6th cause of their payment issues and on 7th they changed the price. Also the delivery dates were changed and had to opt for prime to buy the device. When I bought the prime subsription. The price had raised for the device. hence the discount nullified. As there is a discount on HDFC from Day 1 of 5000/6000.2. The day i had ordered the device the dispatch date changed to 1 week being a prime member in prime days. The second day it was changed to next day delivery and still I did not receive the device. I may not understand the delivery management but felt cheated.3. The prime membership that I was forced (by marketing strategy) to take was of no use to me for the product delivery in future purchases as well that month.Conclusion:If I had not fallen for the marketting of Amazon I would have given it a five star or at least a four star rating.,3.0
"Pros :-Great camera! The best ever. You don’t need to word hard to get the best shot. The image stabilisation is brilliant. The improved version gives you a perfect wide angle shot with option to increase or decrease depth in portrait mode.-LCD screen has no issues in performance and you will not notice any difference between OLED and this one. Bezels are visible but you will probably learn to live with it.-Blazing fast! This is the fastest processor/chipset so no lags in multiple app usage-Improved Battery which runs for good 15-18 hrs on medium usage-Games run insanely well with high end graphics-Wireless Charging-Beautiful design and ease of usage with a good sound reproduction from speakers than earlier iPhonesCons:-Wifi is slow and for some reason it doesn’t agree with 5Ghz band (which is the latest wifi version) so if you have 2.4 GHz then cool-Night Mode in camera sucks. One Plus 8 easily wins, even one plus 6T outperforms it in night mode.-Slow Charger in box still 5Watt so you have to buy another fast charger if u need. That is also slow ans gives you about 70% charge in 30 mins while on one plus you can get it to 90%-No 5G but still usable device as it will receive at least next 4 software updates-60Hz screen refresh rate. This is not a problem but Samsung and One Plus have upgraded to 90-120 and I don’t know why apple is being stupid on this-No screen guard or silicone back cover included in box-Best Photos need ambient light and poor performance in low light conditions. Tone becomes warmer and photos look more Yellow/Pale-Some useless pre loaded apps about 5-10Gb-True Black Experience is not there. OLED users who wanna switch might find it less pleasing.",5.0
"I recieved my order in 2 days. Thanks to Amazon for the swift delivery. I have been using apple for almost 3 years and trust me if you are upgrading from a old iphone then iphone 11 is the best option to go. The camera is the best and the sound quality is super excellent. I am sure that you will fall for the red colour one, maybe thats my preference.",5.0
"I have been using Apple products from last 4 years and yes the experience was amazing.Iphone 11 was purchased only due to my past experience but unfortunately its not a good product in fact its a bad choice.There is a hell of problems associated with Dual sim features and that cannot be resolved(in a nut shell) If you have consistent use of dual sim numbers forget apple devices including ipad. Comparing experience only few of the camera features can be rated as excellent otherwise its  better to avoid iphone dual sim models.The major problem faced by me is whenever I am using wifi the network of the carriers (airtel/jio) goes off... so in other sense I cannot use wifi , also if I make a call from one number the other network is off so if I am on a official call all my personal contacts /family members cannot call me....other than this for sending text messages there is only one default number and you have to go to setting for using other number for imessages. It may seem that apple does not visualize such issues as major problem but for people like me I have to again shift to the android version .Please also keep a note of the features provided by apple many times I have the feeling that apple devices are slow as I have been using android one also . Only 2 -3 features are still unique with apple that's its software & camera features. So in future it would be hard choice to choose apple devices especially Iphone.",3.0
At first i was so suspicious to order it from amazon after reading so many negative reviews.... but then also i take a risk to order it from amazon . It got delivered in 4 days and i am completely satisfied with amazon products.  It was a new phone not refurbished or clone . And it gives a proper warranty of 1 year .Returning to product ...At starting i feel heating while setting up my phone ... i was earlier using Poco F1 so i feel some heat due to it’s glass back ... but it was not much ... slightly warmer at back because of that glass back .Battery life is very good ... but very slow charging.Camera is awesome u will love the images ... even in low light .Gaming performance is brilliant.Cone is that it’s display is slightly dull ... as its just ips lcd display.Overall u will enjoy using this phone,5.0
I had received this phone on time as indicated before placing order. After receiving phone I tried for Set up of FACEid lot of times but was unable to set. So I have contacted Apple support. After verifying the phone remotely they have advised me to take phone to Apple Service Center. I booked online appointment at Service Center and taken the phone there. Service engineer tried to repair it but failed and they have replaced my old phone with new phone without any costs. Phone is working very smoothly and it’s very fluid in working. Battery lasts for a Day after full charging in morning. Camera is excellent. Overall phone is very good.,3.0
"Don't buy the iPhone on Amazon. They get from vendors who sell cheap pieces or pieces that have issues. I bought it on 21st Oct and since 3 days the mic is not working. I have tried to reach out to Apple support, they are asking me to get it serviced. When we buy a brand new phone, within two weeks it goes for service! what does that mean??, did we get a refurbished one or a faulty one? Better to buy at Stores.",1.0
"Please guys dont buy it from Amazon..Something is wrong with the seller.They are selling used product instead of new one.The camera quality was pathetic.And when I tried to create my apple id for the first time on this phone I got an error saying( maximum No. Of apple id created from this device) but then after 3 to 4 attempts I was able to create it.I called apple care i called amazon,but the kept procrastinating.Finally after a month when I showed it to apple customer service outlet,they accepted that the camera quality was not upto mark.Now they have taken my phone and have sent it to bangalore for repair..I am left with no iphone,all the stress and all this thing at a price of 54999/-Pathetic experience with Amazon",1.0
"A very honest review, first of all I would like to thank amazon to delivered the genuine product. I have received the original apple product along with all its accessories like adapter, data cable and handsfree in its box. The best part is the phone is made in India. Its being 2-3 months and phone is working fine as of date. Also I have checked on the apple site weather the phone is original or not and yes I found it original. Thank you so much Amazon for fulfilling your commitment.",5.0
I bought an iPhone11 25 days before and the day before yesterday my volume key stopped working. Amazon will take returns only up to 7days from purchase. Now I've submitted for a replacement to planetcare. They say there is a possibility to reject the replacement if a third party spare change had occurred. Don't trust amazon sellers on high-priced products especially iphones. buy it from the apple store.,1.0
"Camera is okay but not that great as it was advertised and we can not say it as the world’s best camera in any smartphone because Rear camera is more than good but the selfie camera is not much good. It has a quality which we can get in ₹30,000-40,000 range smartphone. So I will give only 3 out of 5 star for the camera and for remaining other things like processor, performance, battery life etc. “these are just great” and will give 5 out of 5 stars rating!!I’m just unhappy for the camera only!And I think this is the most unbiased review!",4.0
"What to say, it “The Iphone” best in class top notch.Its one month today exactly I have been using this I would like to rate this product like1- camera 5/52- battery 5/53- screen 4/54- sound 5/5These 5 points i feel are the most imp points in order to rate any phone out there. I just love using it this is my 3 rd iphone in 6 years and yet it didn’t disappoint me. If you want to buy a phone inside 55k this is the perfect fit for you. Privacy is the best in class not like other they still and sell you data. Its the best!!!!!!😍",5.0
"After watching a video of youtuber name rapha.. I wanted to cancel the order initially but due to offer I compromised... But still a tension environment created in me, and I hope for the best... After watching several videos in youtube I  checked my mobile A to z for finding any issue and originality.... By God grace I received original mobile....initially I noticed a warming after settings it's very very normal and cool. Super battery standby unbelievable literally.The Updateing with a mobile hotspot will screws you better connect to orginal wifi for update. Picture quality superb as usual. I only prefer White color when it is apple... Seller is good... But next time I won't buy apple products in online. I don't want this tension atmosphere... Say no to online when it is apple..",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Camera quality is amZing and u can edit your pictures and videos in it too.. but the battery is not durable ..Wide angle feature is amazingOverally it is good",4.0
"It's poor quality, I was on call and suddenly the phone was switched off and till then it's not switched on yet. Poor customer services, no support from Amazon or seller.Pathetic quality how can a Amazon sell such product or allow such seller to abuse buyers. Need urgent solution but no assistance.",1.0
"Hi friends,Maine iPhone 11 (128gb) buy kiya tha 25 Mar 21 ko or delivery hui 27 mar 21.Is review ko main part main divide karta hun.01. Display: IPS LCD HD+ Koi dikkat nahi karti hai kafi majedar hai colour accuracy bahut badiya hai lekin agar aap OLED display se switch kar rahe ho to thoda sa colours fikke lag sakte hainTrue Tone sabse badiya bindass features mainse ek hai apko kabhi bhi apni display ki brightness ko dekhne ki jarurat hi nahi hai ye ambient lighting ke hisab se auto adjust kar leti haiFinally Display Best hai...... 4.5/5Camera: Great but Video mode main Night Mode or hona chahiye tha and All camera main night mode hona chahiye tha 4.5/5",5.0
"Thanks to Amazon's ""The Great Indian Shopping Festival"" I got the best deal for this phone compared to other sites. I think I was one of the early bird to avail this great offer. It would be stupid to give a phone review for a year old phone but for me it's perfect piece of machine at a very reasonable price. Special mention goes to the early delivery made by the Amazon courier service.Thank you Amazon for this wonderdul deal.",5.0
"Please check the phone .. when I call some one from this phone after talking, I click on my phone screen to cut the call but despite that the screen keep showing black then I press the switch off button from the side even it the screen remain black and the after while this is ok.. please change my product otherwise confirm my query",2.0
"This phone is awesome. There are lots of features which are nice.Face ID can be detected even in the dark. Battery backup is nice. Phone camera automatically adjusts to take high quality pics and the night mode is fantastic. However, I am not really happy with the front camera for taking the pics at night(May be I am not using all the options for the night mode,I need to learn more on that).Screen is responding very well on the feathery touch. I am already an iPhone user, so all the other best features of iPhone are already here.Last but not the least, I would like to thank the seller for the genuine product and fast delivery with hassle free exchange. Seen the reviews about this seller, I was bit scared but my friend also got the iPhone from this seller and now I also got it. There is no problem with this seller.",5.0
It is my first iPhone i switched from android and m loving it it’s much better than android😍 charger and earpods were not provided because it comes with a new packaging👍 It is smooth as butter literally😍 camera is best and battery is very amazing💜 don’t think anything just go for it.,5.0
"So, I got this phone on June 14, 2020. First impressions - It is a tad too big to my liking and very slippery. A Spigen rugged case is highly recommended.Apple should start giving different skins and themes to customise the phone. The battery life is awesome only if you keep it in low power mode. Else it will not last even eight hours. In battery saver, you can literally watch six three-hour movies. In short, a full day's work of keeping FB, Twitter, Instagram, Gmail, YouTube active can be accomplished.The charging is very slow. For a full charge from 2%, you end up wasting 3.5hrs. Apple is doing the height of chindigiri now by not providing earphones as well as the power adapter. What if I am an all-new introduction to the Apple ecosystem.I am not a fan of the camera or perhaps I am a bad photographer. Unfortunately I don't have any images on me. Lost my phone 😢. Booked another 11 though during the Great Indian Festival.",5.0
"I think Apple's phones that make it different.This is my first phone.  I have never used Apple's phone before.It is known only after using it.I don't understand that the other company makes 64 megapixel cameras, but Apple's 12mp gives a good picture, why?",4.0
"The best phone in the market for this price. I bought the phone before lockdown  and I am thankful to god that it proved to be one of the best decisions I took. You do not have to worry about anything, just charge it and the battery doesn’t not drain out for at least 12 hours. I am in back to back office calls for more than 8 hours. So this product is worth every Penny invested in it. This is my 3rd iPhone...iPhone 3GS, iPhone 6 and then iPhone 11. I change it every 4-5 years and must say the old phone still support most of the apps i have in this. This is a great investment if you value your money and time.",5.0
Nice classy metallic finishing. Camera quality were with 12 megapixel sensor is okay but not great.Phone battery is okay gives a days life. Face unlock is some times does nt happens we need to key in the passcode to unlock the phone.Migrating data is simple from android to IOS. But migrating what's app data should be done through purchased 3rd part software. Phone consumes lots of internet compared to android. A decent phone got in discount through amazon. Amazon delivery is awesome. Customer care took my order on priority and pushed the delivery in matter of 2 days from order. Thank you Amazon team,5.0
"Ordered 2 iPhone 11s. Was really scared because of all the negative reviews but took a leap of faith. Thankfully both my iPhones were original and seem to be okay. Really happy. I ordered one from Appario Retail and other from Darshita. One red, another purple. Happy with both.",5.0
"Good battery back up with best features of apple. Camera much better than the previous models. The face lock option proves better as in case you are wering gloves also, the phone can unlock.",5.0
"I had an iPhone 7 which I have used for 3+ Years and waiting an upgrade then I found this amazing sale on Amazon for Republic Day sale and immediately ordered product red 64 gb iPhone 11 in exchange with my old phone. I received it one day earlier than expected and It’s amazing .. I am impressed with the battery life, Face ID is very swift. The main camera is good, but the ultrawide is arguably the best in its class and is a lot of fun to shoot with. Night Mode is a welcome addition. its good for gaming as well. No lagging or latency while playing high graphic games. Th only disappointed is that the phone does not come with charging adaptor . we have to buy 18w or 20w charging adaptor for fast charging. USB cable supports fast charging with c type. Thanks to Amazon for such an amazing deal",5.0
I am writing this review after using it for 7 daysI am a first time apple userBattery life - Decent for 1 day useCamera- excellent awesomeDisplay-though its 720p hd screen but the ratina display is awesomeIos 13.5 latest ios version feel super fluid and snappyFace recognition is top notchOnly con i found is the slow 5 watt charger that takes around 3.5 hours to fully chargeI am surpirised there are so many negative review from Amazon but trust me friend the material the quality the feel of iphone you get is super awesome ..100% Genuine product..and thank you Amazon for such a great product and fast delivery,5.0
"Coming from an iPhone 7 Plus, this is a big upgrade. Don't disregard the phone because of its display. Personally, I'm not a Fan of OLED displays and their unnatural colours. But if you love OLED screens, this still isn't a deal breaker.Battery life is great. I am a heavy user and I'm able to squeeze more than 1 day of usage.Ordered during the Amazon Great Indian Festival sale for an excellent price. The phone came with that old packaging, including the charger and earphones but date of import, September 2020.Product was delivered within 13h of placing the order.The negative side is, Amazon doesn't mention the Apple Serial Number or the phone's IMEI Number on the invoice for some weird reason.But the phone's warranty did get registered only the day I turned it on an activated. So I don't think that is an issue.",5.0
"Just opened up the brand new iPhone, after insertion is SIM card Got the call, whereupon got shocked to see that the screen is damaged from left side and there are grey/white spots as are visible on the screenshot taken by me. Customer care says we are helpless in exchanging the same since the Window of 7days has expired. It’s cheating, fraud and really unimaginable from the AMAZON.",1.0
"I have been using iphone 11 for the last 1 month & these are my findings:1. Battery lasts barely a day, if u use the phone frequently. Using Google maps drains the phone completely within 4 hrs.2. Camera quality is exceptionally well during portrait shots & low light shots & front facing camera is also good.3. Face recognition is blazingly fast but don’t work in angles.4. Display size is good, & fonts/text are clear to read, color representation on screen is good despite not having oled screen5. Charger out of the box is pathetically slow. I always use my ipad charger to charge the iphone 11, and it usually charges from 20% to 90% with the ipad charger within an hour.6. You need to invest on a good quality back case/cover & tampered glass to protect the phone (personally i like the Ringke case)7. Phone heats up sometimes during heavy usage.",5.0
It’s one of the most loved phone in the world. Excellent build quality. Great collaboration of software and hardware. Ultra high speed. Excellent camera. Extra ordinary security of personal data due to strict apple policy.Price has been reduced drastically after launch of iPhone 12. What else you need in the phone?,5.0
At first glance product as expected but when it was received the packaging was worst. It was simply put in amazon plastic packet  without any bubble wrapper or thermocal despite of pre paid of Half a lakh rupees. Amazon India must see into proper packaging system.,4.0
LIKES +:Everything like a flagship:Battery is awesome:Responsive touch and charging is good even it is 5V: performance is mind blowingDislikes: so far i don’t have problems as a customer ; but i feel Amazon fba needs improvements in packing and handling as the box was having some dents such luckily didn’t damaged the box contents,5.0
"Product is good as it’s an apple product, not much satisfaction with the seller as I ordered ones the money was deducted from account, in two hrs time I got a msg that need to revise payment as they have some issue , so I did so , twice the amount was deducted and the support system for cancellation of one order is really disappointing, I got both the phone & found really different to return one .",5.0
"My first review ever in amazon. Dunno why ppl r so much furious about this seller in quota etc.package was more than perfect. Delivery was done with OTP to ensure it’s delivered to me. IMEI was shared to me right after dispatch and I checked the same in Apple website. It was genuine. Once I got the device and activated with Apple ID the device got registered which means I’m the first user of this IMEI device. Hence there’s no question of sending refurbished device.Battery is awesome. I upgraded from my old 6S.  Received this device at 56% by 11AM and after installing all the old apps, iCloud backup restore, one movie watch, 200 songs download from Apple Music, some 40 pics clicking - the battery reached 1% by night-8:30PM. Except iCloud restore and iOS upgrade restore other activities were through mobile data.Camera is awesome. Night mode is pretty great. The first pic here was with night mode and the second was with normal mode shot after two seconds. Both taken by 2:00AM.Overall it’s great to have this phone.",5.0
Online show ipods with this phone and delivered earphones...what is the reason behind this rubbish thing,1.0
"User Interface is buttersmooth with absolutely no lag. Camera is just fantastic, you can expect an iPhone to do that but what blew my mind was low light images. Battery life stays charged for about 24hrs with slightly rugged use although I expected to be better. It seems like Apple has finally done what it wanted to do with the iPhone X. All in all, it sure is value for money, atleast for me.",5.0
Product is Good but Battery gets zero within an hour after six months then I complained it in apple store They changed the battery They gaved it back to me after 10days But now I am facing this issue again but now its warrenty period is over So I have to spend thousands on its battery I think to buy out new Android smartphone rather than it battery So iphone is waste beacuse I can’t use it in my daily life,5.0
"I had my doubts before buying iOS product because I’ve been using Android for a very long time, I’ve stock android experience so I know what kind of difference does it make from android to iOS.- iOS is real smooth! If you go to the spec sheet of an Android even if you have 6GB or 8GB (not stock android) of RAM it’s gonna Hang at some point after accessing many apps.- The phone heats up less as compared to normal Androids.- The Sound quality of iPhones are immersive! Even if you’re not a big fan of listening to music or sounds on speaker you’ll still find a quality sound!-  About the camera, hats off to the sensors and AI. The picture quality in low light is too good and vibrant, the blacks do look like blacks (not a low contrast image), many of the colors bloom and it’s wonderful.The Video have soo much better stabilisation and even you can switch from one lens to another while shooting. The quality is again the best out there.Camera shutter is really fast and better. And clicks are responsive.Though zoom quality is not that good but why you wanna zoom if you have a composed image.- The Battery Life is quite nominal like it can work after a whole day usage. If your Screen time is around 5hrs 30mins it can go from 100 to 28-30%.PS : Battery Saver works really well, can extend upto minutes of Battery Life.- The Haptic touch is far better than the Androids. Feedback is really good.- The shape is quite good handful! Curved edges does gives 2019 vibes but yeah the phone works pretty well in 2021.- I agree that you gonna miss Android features but iPhone has it’s own resemblance. iOS have now comparable features as to android even some are better.At the end I’d Recommend this. Even if you’re switching from iPhone 6S or 7, this might be your another jumpad! And to Android users yeah this device is worth the Money.",5.0
Easy to handle and hassle free switch from old iPhone to new one (iPhone 11 64 GB Product Red)Camere 10/10Battery life 10/10Face ID 10/10Processor 10/10,5.0
Good hardware at a decent price. The ios 14 is a good addition but no finger print scanner especially in such situations where masks are the new normal its stupid even with sophisticated ir systems for face unlock just dont sit right.Other software and hardware performance  are at par or better than many flagship androids but nothing out of the ordinary.As far as Software features and customizability goes Android is the clear winner.The Apple software seems quite restricted in a way.Overall a decent purchase.Shipping and packaging were excellent by Amazon as always. So no issues there.,4.0
Defective phone  received after spent around 46k bucks .amzon people told i will get new phone within 48 hours but still  I am waiting  for the same.,1.0
"This is the best iPhone you’ll ever get(Bought in amazon sale) for this price. I was afraid to order from amazon but that’s wasn’t a prob after receiving. Think twice if you’re making switch from android, coz you’ll miss lot of things when it comes to ease to use and customisations. Man you’ll feel android is cheap(except oxygen and pure android), that fluidity, damn the haptic motor (sucks in most of androids). Here comes the big surprise for me, the “Battery” backup is great for an iPhone which i didn’t except. It gives you 1 and half to two days  of normal usage. It gets warm and bit hot when you play games and sucks the juice fast. Animations are smooth as hell and you don’t need to worry about OS upgrades for at least 4 years in which apple is shines keeping their old devices updated. Be ready burn your pockets coz slowly you’ll get into apple ecosystem which feels convenient and awesome. Will update after six months.",5.0
I got the phone today .But having some scratch on rear camera panelI have attached photo and unboxing video,3.0
"it was just an awesome purchase for me, because this is the handset which iam looking for ever since it was launched, the only thin that bothers me was its hefty pricing, but fortunately with this amazon's great indian festival off, i could able to buy it in my budget price, since iam an iphone user i dont have anything to say about its features and specs, the thing is, if anyone wants to upgrade their mobile and who uses it for a quiet bit longer years then they should definitely go for this device without any doubt.",5.0
Don't Buy  Poor Quality - You'll disappointLet me tell you why -Manufacturing is oldLCD display as compared to Pro and other modelsSound Quality IssueApple is discontinuing it as well,1.0
"Got it for an amazing deal, Thank you Amazon.This is my first iPhone and it’s damn good. Had seen some reviews saying that the screen is not good, but let me tell you guys that this is the best LCD screen you’ll ever get in an phone. The phone is on the heavy side and needs time to get used to it. And Apple operating system is holding up good and their Face ID is damn fast.I need not comment on the camera quality as it is among the best mobile camera that is available at this price range. I will post some pics clicked by the camera for reference.Talking about the battery life, it is kinda decent will last you easily for a day with more than moderate usage.Would highly recommend this if you are planning to buy your first iPhone.",5.0
"This one is a no brainer, I have been using Samsung flagship for almost 4 years and I'd just feel much smoother thanks to A13. Surprisingly this has been a very good experience considering I thought I would feel like a prisoner in Apple e. Whatever you can do in android you can do it here, it's just that there is a long and tiring process to do it. Definitely recommended you won't regret buying this.",5.0
Very very addictive new iPhone,5.0
"I switched to iphone from oneplus 8 pro , i have been an oneplus user since 3t, but 8 pro was so bad  and full of problems so i finally decided to switch to iphone and literally this is so much better than 8 pro , 8 pro was just marketing . Even the screen on this phone is better than the 8pro . This phone is a beast in every department . I purchased it only because of amazon sale at 48,000 i am really glad for the sale otherwise the price was too high",5.0
So I got my hands on this beautiful purple iPhone 11 and it feels amazing.I upgraded from iPhone 8 to 11 and tbh the 3 year old iPhone 8 is still in the best condition .This is what makes me go for iPhone again and again .I’ve had android in the past and the thing that keeps me loyal to iPhone is that it gives me ZERO LAG and the BEST PICTURE QUALITY.,5.0
"ProsBatteryWiFi 6 and Gigabit class LTECameraOS stability and optimizationPerformanceWireless Charging (7.5W)Software support likely 5 years +Cons.Screen resolution, Lacks HDR support (notch is not big issue now)lacks some basic functions as androidVerdict:If you want to invest in premium built quality, privacy and super fluid performance without heating or lagging issues of android, this is a good option.NOTE:Buy a 18W charger (Anker, Apple, RAVpower,etc brands) and a spigen tempered glass comboworth it!",5.0
I received used I phone and no accessories Iphone already Installed glass i am see after shocked and trying to start i phone but Iphone not started after i go near shop after I phone start i am shocked so much no accessories it’s ok but why send used I phone.,3.0
"Its best phone i've seen from iphone lineup till 2019. the experience is tremendous. This is my first iphone and very happy with product.. Best Camera, Best RAM management, Best battery life but disappointed with LCD screen, OLED would be there and hopefully when I bought i got earphones and charger :-) LOL",5.0
My mobile is just 1 month old ...Now I got ringer button problem please don’t purchase iPhone mobiles in online .. some manufacturing defect mobiles they are easily selling via online ... completely dissatisfied... now my mobile is in service center,1.0
This is very bad experience in product mentioned with Ear pods but on box no ear pods...I'll complaint for this but no action taken by Amazon n team..I'll have the video and screen shot and go in consumer forum for the mislead...,1.0
The phone is awesome and delivered the performance as expected.Bought it on Amazon great Indian festival but they not provided the Cashback offers as promised on the phone when I made the purchase.The Amazon changed the offer for iPhone after 2 days of sale and now they denying to provide the Cashback amount.Should have bought from somewhere else.,5.0
"I am writing against all the negative reviews here. I have purchased iPhone 11 from Amazon sale on 23rd of Oct. If you see apple website only Amazon, Flipkart and Paytm mall are authorized to see apple products. I am purchasing smartphones since 2010 from Amazon and my experience is always awesome. It seems some conspiracy is going on against Amazon to tarnish it's goodwill in the market. If you see the recent incidents about fake apple products most of them are from Delhi, Noida,and UP. It's done my people working as a support staff. I  have exceptional experience specially with Amazon I will treat Amazon way better than Flipkart or any other online portal. They always deliver the product before time and you can trust them 200% as far as product quality and services are concerned. I won't write much about the product because it's apple it doesn't require any introduction. It's amazon + apple trust with quality so it's going to be one of the life time experience for everyone. If you have 50k budget for smartphone then blindly choose apple don't go with Android phones. It's quality that's what matter a lot.",5.0
"Ordered on prime day of Amazon Great indian Festival, Oct 16th, 2020. Charger and earpods included in box. Delivered in 3 days, kudos to Amazon! Upgraded from a 4inch iPhone SE 1st gen, so phone felt big and overwhelming at first! but now adjusted. Pretty confusing color choices for guys, really bored of white and black colors, red is nailpolish color. Finally settled for purple, purchased a blue case to go with it (i feel best color to go with purple phone). Finally, the phone is awesome as expected :) . When compared to other OLED screens, LCD screen has slight less brightness, especially if u tilt the phone. But when not comparing, its really fine (do switch off true tone if u want to see full potential of screen colors, brightness. but i suggest keep it on for daily use). Finally, Assembled in India clearly written on the box! (including the charger). i understand some parts inside phone still comes from across the border, but more Indians buying iphones may push Apple to mfg more internal parts in India. very satisfied that less of my money went across the border :)",5.0
I restored my new iPhone 11 I ordered from amazon. After a while it stopped responding. It was frustrating that touch screen is not working and I wanted to delete data which I restored from iTunes but I the instrument was not responding at all.i guess amazon sent me very old and defective pice for what? As I bought it on EMI I had to ask for replacement other wise I would have canceled it.,1.0
M skeptical abt this product.  Idk whether it is a brand new or refurbished. I have experience the heating issue after 10 mins or while i aas setting up the device. Since it is an expensive device n not sure it will b good to return or keep it,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   There is nothing extraordinary or something like that with the iphone compare to overall flagship android device i have been using, but the ecosystem & the iOS experience is kind of different & fluid and it's a good experience to have a Apple Device for first time. Worth for around 50k, glad i didn't go with the 85k iphone-12 not much a difference according to my usage. Battery is more than i expected, Camera quality is great when it comes to video recording, photos aren't that great.",5.0
experience is great for now.. however another feedback is that within 20 days I noticed a tiny crack like a hair on my iPhone 11.. Honestly it has not fallen yet although my previous iPhone 6s survived many drops with no cracks at all even after 4 years.. strange and surprising that the glass quality is very bad as compared to the old phones,5.0
"iphone 11 is a very good phone to buy only if you can compromise for the display. The display on this is device is pretty good but you can get other options with better displays in this price segment.If you can survive with an HD+ LCD panel with thicker bezels and a notch up top then this is a very good phone for you.Cameras are awesome, battery backup excellent, great performance and a decent premium look. Good job Apple !",4.0
"Overall phone is excellent. You can go for it.But one suggestion to all, don't buy any products using Amazon Pay ICICI Credit Card, you will be charged nicely. That too if you are choosing NO EMI COST option then gone case, get ready to pay extra charges including interest charges and GST against each installments and products. Whatever they show in calculation details (Structure) all bullshit. I nicely charged for this product by selecting EMI option and just to save 1000/- I paid extra 2000/- for this product.And I purchased one more product 'Hoodie' the cost was 799/- by using Amazon Pay ICICI Card it costed for me 942.82 including GST even though it was a one payment.So my sincere suggest don't use *Amazon Pay ICICI Credit Card at all*. And don't go for any EMI options its better to buy in one payment to avoid additional charges. No body will help you once it is charged to you. ICICI Customer care they play very safe game.",5.0
Good one..actually i was very frustrated when i order because most of the comments where discouraging and i became very tensed...but after receiving the package i am really happy because it is the best and i qm really happy about the product..😍 i was using iphone 6 and now updated to iphone 11 so comparing with iphone 6 verything is best according to me..camera quality battery life everything...go forward for this and all the best...,5.0
"I am an android user before and this is my first ios device. Before i wondered why people are spending their huge money to buy it, but now i realised why, let me tell u..Camera:Better in bright light conditions.. but it is not upto the mark in low light or night conditions..Battery:Which is best and lasts whole day with above avg usageThe functionality and apps handling is flawless and i can say that no one gonna regret by choosing this phone..My mobile was iphone 11 64 GBAnd i would like to thank AMAZON for great delivery on time and at this situation as we get so many fake or clone iPhones which i was bothering about.. but AMAZON did a great job and got a brand new original iphone!Thank you and go for it....",4.0
"Upgrade to 11 from 7 was smooth as the data transfer took place in just a few minutes. Features of iOS14 and the battery backup are simply superb. However, since the adapter supplied is of 2W, the charging time is higher. May be wireless charger or 5W charger should be bought separately",5.0
"I want to return mobile which is ordered on 21st july 2020 and delivered on 26th July, because battery life drains quickly, while charging mobile was heating, didn’t have external memory card, app like true caller were not responding properly, mobile is locked with my own Face ID even it is unlocking with my brother’s face.",3.0
Using since 20 daysGreat battery back up compared to all other cells and last for 2 days without charging as per normal use and 24 hours with continuous use.Camera as always best one with portrait mode going good.There should be more options in photo editing like text and other useful tool so we don’t have to use third party app.Overall great experience,4.0
Awesome phone with top notch performance and camera..,5.0
Aaaahhhhhhhh 😌Super battery lifeSuper displayHandy phone. Must go for 128GB,5.0
"Battery life drains faster, camera sometimes looks grainy. It has significant weight to it.Even though the screen is lcd, it is very good..no problem there.As a person coming from android background there are somethings I really,like for example the notifications are not arranged intuitively, if you download any docs or photo there is no indication that it is completed.Overall a good product to buy.",4.0
"One of the amazing phone from apple. Insane pic quality. Improved battery life, face recognition is way faster than its previous ones. Amature photographers will like it for sure :).Overall experience is good enough.",5.0
Everything is great as it’s supposed to be but for some reason this phone is heavier than my friend’s iPhone 11 bought in the US,5.0
"Readers,Earlier I was hesitant to buy an iPhone as 11 comes with LCD panel, I used to be a huge fan of OnePlus and was under the impression that 120 Hz would really make a difference but hands on heart- I’ve been using my iPhone for last 3 days and I am flabbergasted at how vivid the display of iPhone is that too LCD one!Now coming to delivery- Amazon never disappointsSeller- Appario Retail, received the original product and in good condition- No complaints. IDK why other users have issues with this retailerDeal- Thank You Amazon for bringing this product under Great Indian Festival otherwise I would have regretted for sureDon’t worry about 5G, is desh mein abhi 4G network bhi Puri tarah coverage nahin deta. 5G will take its own sweet time to hit the marketColour- Chose purple after speaking to at least 20 iPhone users and finally made the right decision- White and Black are too common for meThe only demerit of using an iPhone is that you can’t transfer old WhatsApp chat backup from your android device.Hope my review helps in decision making!",5.0
First time buy a phone from Amazon littlebit confused should I buy from online or from shop . But after receiving phone 📱 I am satisfied with the product. I already have a I phone 11 the performance of the phone is superb. Thanks Amazon for safe delivery 👍👍👍,5.0
I have bought an iPhone for the very first time. The experience is so good. This one is an 128gb variant. If you wanna hesitation free longtime use of the product you should go with the 128 gb variant. The sound quality of this one has the power to rich you in heaven. Actually can’t express the inner feelings about how smooth as well as good it is.,5.0
"Don't buy on Amazon they don't give any cash back and when u contact to customer care they reply Yashwant | Customer ServiceAmazon reserves the right, at any time, without prior notice, without liability, and without assigning any reason whatsoever, to add/alter/modify/change or vary all of these Offer Terms or to replace, wholly or in part, this Offer by another offer, whether similar to this Offer or not.",5.0
Superb i phone 11 with superb features ...I m loving it...Black colour is the royal one...N offcrse the camera quality is awsme one...Face recognition is too gud..Go for iphone 11. Specially black colour one which i bought from amazon..amazing phone👌👌👌,5.0
"Its nothing new that iPhones are amazing. You can get the actual reviews on youtube easily. I would like to tell that as I switched from an Android to iOS, there is a very big change that I am experiencing. Camera quality, call clarity, every single aspect of the device is top notch. I got the 128 GB model and after installing all the necessary apps for social media, ecommerce and payments, I have around 20 GB occupied. So even the 64 GB model is great if you are not much into making videos.",5.0
As expected From Apple everything feels primium. First time in my life I bought iPhone it feels sturdy and comfortable. Not too big not too short for my hands perfect feet as always Cameras are grade. I want to mention if any one wants to buy iphone for camera please do check-out Samsung S series also as Today in 📷 competition samsung S20 Ultra is best in camera than newly launched iphone 12 pro max. If you ar buying for video then go for iphone 12 series. And if you are a gamer and want to buy this phone then nice decision do for it just how many android gaming Phone came out no one can beat iphone in PUBG MOBILE gaming experience there absolutely no frame drop not a single till now. But In android there will be always this issue. I want to say if you want both performance and camera together to for it or only for gaming go for Xr. Iphone 11 not recommended Xr is less price and there is no such performance diff. Don't upgrade iphone until a big change not made my apple.like better refresh rate and ibuild PRO mode in camera more customisation options. Like that in INDIA didn't expect 5G till 2023 so that's why.Thank you 😊For reading my review.☮️ Out.✌️,5.0
"I got 128gb variant at 50,000/- discount price. It was a great deal for me.But I had display issues with my product delivered  from Amazon. Went to service centre, they are ready to give me a screen replacement .",3.0
Very disappointed about this product.as they are earning amount fromtheir brand name same product service mot maintained.during two months of purchased my iphone 11 the lightning cable stopped working .i go through service centre but they didn’t help .everyone just making money .then what is the purpose for expense money in brand or reputed company even under 10 k android phones gives better service and product.waste of money.,1.0
"I was also facing the heating issue with iPhone 11, bought in recent sale. After updating to ios14 the device was getting hot a lot and with no heavy use also. For me it got solved by factory resetting the iPhone 11 from settings. It’s reset all data and setting option . Since then it’s working fine for me no more heating issue. For those who bought it new and having heating issue, please try this hope it will work.👍",5.0
"I liked everything and more feedback come while using, but for now it’s excellent!!",5.0
Apple products are usually very handy to use. This is awesome phone with very good touch in operation and good picture. Bit disappointed with battery backup as it gets exhausts by end of day with limited application running in background. Many new features like in built scanner and full page screen capture is very useful and easy to send and share. Very good Face ID detection.,4.0
"Early impression: I am simultaneously using galaxy s10e , OnePlus 7t and iPhone 11.Looks- not the best from the front with thick bezel. But the purple colour back looks awesome.Screen- not the best when compared to the 1080 super amoled I have been using. But far better than pen paper specification i.e. 720 lcd.Camera-very good. Better than my other two phones.Performance- my OnePlus 7t is as fast as iPhone 11. However iPhone seems to be more consistent with uniform animation across all the inbuilt and third party app.Battery- better than my other two phones. However,the charging time is really painful after using OnePlus 7t. It takes around 2.30hr to 3 hrs to fully charge with the charger provided in the box.Sound quality- just as you expect from the top flagship.FaceID- the fastest I have used so far in a smartphone.Storage- got around 54GB free space out of the box. After removing few inbuilt apps(watch,garage band etc. )which I am not going to use , I got around 57 GB of free space. It should be enough for a casual user like me.Final vedict- got it at 46250 during the Amazon sale. Feeling better satisfied as compared to my galaxy s10e which I bought it at 51000 a year ago. Keeping android vs iOS comparison aside ,my iphone 11 beat my galaxy s10e in every aspect apart from compact ness and screen.",4.0
"I bought this phone in feb from Amazon, it worked good till Aug with no issues. After that randomly any app used to get uninstalled like whatsapp, insta, facebook. I called apple service centre multiple to get some help on this.but they could not help and finally i visited Apple service centre and they again formatted my phone and told me there was software issue and now this issue will not happen. Again after 5 days my apps got uninstalled. I regret buying this phone.",1.0
Amazing!!!!!,5.0
I think because of last 10 years I used China phone bec of Ladakh problems I shift to iPhone am not the person to spend that much money for phone but I think iPhone 11 is great choice is best,4.0
"I switched from Android to iOS for the first time and it has been keeping me amazed! Smooth touch, responsive apps, excellent UI, mind blowing camera, I can now understand why iPhone users say something is different in it! Absolutely unbelievable experience! Cherry on top is security, use bank and payments app without any hassles! Loved it! Two drawbacks are 1) No headphone and charger (you have to shell more money 😭) 2) No fingerprint scanner and using faceid in COVID is a PIA.",5.0
I am an android user till date . But super excited for this hard earned money buy. Loved the in hand feel of the iPhone 11. I am very happy.. will update about the phone after a month of usage. Brought this super hero from great Indian festival .at 12 am midnight. And seller shipped it in the morning. Thanks.,5.0
Every thing is excellent and do not afraid if it starts heating bcz it is normal for iphones or ipads bcz they transfer their heat to the surrounding via metal plate.And if you want to cool it you can put in in cold water.(IP68)I also.,5.0
"I have iPhone 11 (Red)Battery: 4.5/5 ⭐️Amazing battery backup given that it’s only close to 3000mAh capacity. Battery optimisation is great. Lasts a day if you use Instagram, WhatsApp, Safari, Camera, YouTube and call for 2-3 hours.Camera: 4.9/5 ⭐️iPhone is famous for its camera performance in day light and night time also. It can shoot upto 4k 60fps from both the front and back cameras.Performance: 4.9/5 ⭐️iPhone comes with A13 Bionic Chipset and it’s faster than all androids.Never lags, no bugs.P.S. You can trust the seller Appario Retail Pvt. Ltd.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   In my product there is :-1. iPhone 112. Adapter3. Lightening to USB Cable4. EarPods5. Some guides and other reading stuff...I feel awesome when I hold iPhone 11 and the Experience is mind blowing. I like this phone so much ....",5.0
Whenever i decide to get i hav some confusion about selllers coz of ratings submited by users.. these apple product sold in amazon by two resellers 1. Darshita electronics 2. Appario retail pvt ltd.No.2 hav absolutely 91% positive response rate where no.1 hav only 87% that too many recent purchase people complaint that accesories missing heating issue like that.. but i got my mobile by appario.. its absoluely good no dought at all mobile also fine no issues no anything thnk u amazon... but these deliverys boys hamdlimg is wosrt part,5.0
It took only 2 days after the order to get this phone. Working fine as expected. No issue so far... Face detection is excellent.,5.0
"This iphone has a nice fairly large display, with great colour and contrast. The phone is sleek and has very good battery life. I charge it once in two days. The camera is also excellent. Very happy with the product. Also very happy with Amazon's shipping and packing of the product.",5.0
Design -7/10Display-7/10 if u are comming from a lcd display like myself u would love this displayCamera -8.5/10 great colours the only thing i have to do is point and shoot everything else is done by the software -greatly impressedPerformance- 9/10 using this phone for 2 weeks no lag what so everOver all a great phone from apple even the best deal on any iphone at the moment the phone gives immence value for money,4.0
"Awesome body and look. Weight is little heavy. No 5g support,No finger print sensor, no fast charger,no case inside box, best new was e sim support we can use as secondary sim I.e dual sim support in others words if we say, battery life is ok, over all 4 out of 5. Best experience I would have given 5 out of 5, if it supports 5g.",4.0
"Phone heats up very much, waste to purchase such high cost item which heats up in less than 10 mins of usage.I am not able to schedule a replacement for this through Amazon portal. It says 10 days replacement option. But does not accept replacement scheduling.",1.0
I got this phone yesterday and started using the phone today since morning.. It has suddenly started heating up. Not sure why all of a sudden it has heated up. On the lock key side it starts heating up n slowly on the back side of the phone..,3.0
Iphone 11.... ❤️ what else you want... Go for it superb Phone... no issues all fine... working GOOD,5.0
"I've bought both iPhone 11 and OnePlus 8T. Found OnePlus 8T to be better. 8T has better software, charging speed, battery life etc. despite being cheaper. On 11 i faced a bug in app store because of which i wasn't able to install any app. The bug was error message ""this apple id has not been used in itunes store"" shown in loop. Found a workaround for this bug after spending much time and effort. (I'm on Linux so accessing iTunes wasn't straightforward.)",2.0
"Have been using it for past week. Switched from an Android device.Got this in the Great Indian festival sale in October. It’s Camera is awesome. The battery life is amazing so far. Gives you approx 1.5 days battery backup with moderate usage. Haven’t tried gaming on this and might not do it! Not a fan of gaming. Wide variety of apps on the App Store!The only ‘cons’ of this device/ all Apple devices would be limited free cloud storage/ backup, and the WhatsApp data not able to transfer from an Android to iOS. All the chats got deleted.Also, You shouldn’t really be looking for a review about an iPhone. You’re considering it because you know it’s worth! :P",5.0
"Great mobile for the price I bought during Prime sale for 46k(including cashback on hdfc card).Ordered at 12am midnight and received it on next day morning, so delivery was speed enough*Was quite worried about how genuine it'll be since Appario retail Pvt Ltd was the seller. But I have to agree, the product is very much genuine and you can check it easily by giving the serial number in apple website.Being the first time iOS user , I am quite enjoying the product and do not see any flaws till now.However mobile gets heated up a bit while charging (quite common).Greatly satisfied and happy for the purchase!😊",4.0
"Awesome camera, long lasting battery and neat performance.. Display is good if you don't have anything to compare. Battery charging is very slow.Removed a star just for the display and charging speed, everything else is awesome.",4.0
First of all got it as a gift and luckily it was dilevered on my bday.. About the phone no defect no scratches the phone was brand new as expected it was worth buying with the offer price . Loving and adoring it the fc id works perfectly the battery life according to my usage is good and camera is too good.,5.0
"This is my first iPhone so I am learning to use it.Being a tech savvy person, I liked the software, battery backup, touch very much. Earlier Iused google and Samsung phones, but iPhone is definitely superior. It is more secure than android ones and the settings in each app is highly customisable.It is a nice purchase from Amazon.Thank you Amazon for timely and safe delivery!",5.0
Happy with my busying decision. No issues with performance at all. Good battery life along with very good camera.There is not fingerprints reader that’s the downside .,5.0
"Why are people saying they sell fake products, I received the genuine product . The purple lilac colour I love it. But only thing I was upset is I ordered in 16 October and I got it on 28 October.the battery life is sooooooo good,I didn’t expected this from a 3000mah battery. And about the heating issue,yeah when I was setting up the phone it was heating up a bit and ... now after one day of use there is no problem, it does heats hip a bit when I play heave game like PUBG and mobile legends for hours. But there is no problem. And the camera quality, gorl please don’t talk to me,it’s sooo good,the night mode , man, look at the photos I clicked, I don’t even need to edit it.I LOVE THE IPHONE.",5.0
"You Have supplied defective product and now as per your policy there is no replacement, Now I need to talk to Apple customer care why ? if i used the phone for some time than it get faulty than i understand ,Very bad experience and last 24 hr trying to reach customer care but not able to get the any agent on call.. kindly replace this item immediately to further escalation...",1.0
"Have been a Sony fan for more than a decade. Since Sony does not sell its phones in India, had to pick this one. This phone lacks the notification LED on the front. You need to turn the phone on to look for anything you have missed when you were away from the phone.  No fingerprint sensor.  No smart dial or i am yet to explore the option. The earpods which came with the phone is all plastic and not useful for long hours of music. May be they are made that way.",3.0
"Everyone talks about the good points like camera, battery or looks. I would focus to the bad points I found. It depends on the buyer who will refer what before investing.1. This phone has no fingerprint scanner.2. The camera app must have some exclusive features.3. The phone migration feature was troublesome for me.",4.0
Bought it for my husband. All’s good except signal reception. I don’t face any problem with my iPhone 12 but my husband faces those issues in iPhone 11. He wasn’t having any signal troubles while using his previous phone which was Android.,4.0
Really a wonderful product from apple. I'm a new user for apple product and this is my 2nd product after 8 years and price also I got 68600rs after using HDFC credit card. Initially I was afraid to buy from this seller after read some comment's from the site later I think to cancel too but now I'm holding a good product and I'm finally happy with the product,5.0
"I loved this iphone. I was so confused to buy from Amazon after reading all negative comments regarding heating issue, dont buy from so and so manufacturer and i took a chance. Well I made the right choice. I have been using it for 2 months and never experienced any kind of heating issue even after continuosly using them. To the ones who are gonna buy them, jusst dont hesitate, JUST BUY. ITS AMAZING.",5.0
"Upgraded from iPhone 6s 32 GB. Great Cameras (Wide, Ultrawide, and portrait modes). Exceptional battery life (Works up to 7 to 8 hours on iOS 14). Seamless experience. The phone is slightly heavier compared to the 6s. A faster chip (A13 Bionic). Face ID is great. WiFi and LTE(4G) support also is great. Great display regardless of it not being an OLED (iPhone 11 is LCD display), but colors are great. This phone is highly recommended instead of the 12, due to the battery size (iPhone 11 has 3110 mAh, iPhone 12 only has only 2815 mAh).",5.0
"A great phone, pretty slick even at the end of 2020.Yes, no 1080p resolution, no OLED panel, but its still a pretty good package, not to mention smooth iOS experience",5.0
iPhone 11 has improved the battery life. For me it goes up one and half day to two days with single charge. Face recognition is really quick and accurate. The best part is if you are sleeping none will have access to your phone by placing your phone in front of your face. Your eyes should be open to unlock your phone. The camera is really awesome. There are few modes which is really great line monochrome mode studio light mode. It gives fabulous effects on your photos,5.0
Product was delivered in just 1 day😍 and received which was made in India 🇮🇳 awesome phone💯,5.0
I want replacement,1.0
I hv bought iPhone 11 64gb in great Indian sale. When I opened the box I found that the paint above the back camera has already been chirped.Also phone has heating issue.phone gets heat just after using 2-3 min camera app or playing videos on YouTube just for 3-4min and also battery drains fast.I called Amazon they told to call apple when I called apple they told don’t cover cosmetic damages so they can’t help.seller -appario,1.0
I got a defective product. I bought last week now it is in service centre when where I go there for update they I will take time even Amazon staff is no helpful.Face recognition unlocks to all faces phone is getting heated and it gets hang when using the phone.,1.0
100% Original and received in completely sealed box. Am very much Impressed and happy. Amazon keeps me Amazing always.,5.0
Received damaged phone paint off on the edges of camera...Need help to get it sorted...,3.0
"The phone heats too much while charging, my speakers & microphone don't work properly, My voice echoes on the other side of the phone and i cant fix this problem",1.0
"Never ever buy iPhone from Amazon, it’s my humble request. After one week of purchase I’m facing heating issue for my brand new iPhone 11and I’m still struggling to make a solution with Apple Care service, I hope they might help me... Amazon!! please don’t betray your customers",1.0
Amazon not give any Amazon pay balance as promised while purchasing this project..with this product 1000 pay balance not credited in my wallet,3.0
"I’m writing this review after 9 months of using my I phone! Good phone in high budget! Battery backup is not up to this mark, and now I’m facing problem in calling",5.0
"Very nice phone.must buy it in this price range. Very good quality of camera, long battery life, nice lcd display, face recognition is very very much fast. Only one heating problem will be there but it’s common for all apple brands phone if you use continuously than phone become hot but its also depands on the weather temperature. I suggest you to buy iphone 11 without any problem.",5.0
"No adapter, no seal to phone box,hackers remotely operating tampered before selling, no buyer phone number or seller number",1.0
Awesome packaging and looks good.. best part is it is manufactured in India.. Face id and Battery life looks good.. must buy!,5.0
I received iphone 11 on 27th Oct in very well condition. Delivery and packing was awesome and phone is also working very nicely. Camera quality is awesome battery life is also good. Most importantly all the accessories were available within the box.,5.0
As usual Apple iPhone is the best with a great user experience. iPhone 11 surprised me because I replaced my iPhone 6 for it. After 6 year many things changes except the trust and user experience. Very happy with the product.,5.0
"I am Glad and Lucky that I Switched from Android to IOS that too On Best Selling Phone In World Iphone 11...What an Amazing Feeling It is, Iphone 11 is A Beast With Best Battery Backup and Screen on Time .I suggest It As One of the Best Smartphone",5.0
iPhone has become like xiaomi prices are falling so much I bought it for 73600 and now 54000 what the *****Camera is perfect but battery life NO NO NO . I have been using iPhone since 2017 and I really like how it works but battery is always disappointing . In a month my battery health is 99%,3.0
I am very new to apple environment. If you are swithcing from android to apple then user will love all the features.Camera is upto my expectation.Battery life is okiesh.But the charger which is part of accessories is not of good quality. Very disappointed with the charger,4.0
its been 7 months I had buy this item. now its not working properly...  seems like restart automatically. I totally waste any money by ordering online.,1.0
Lcd display and internet connectivity compared to similar priced android phones is very low. As you all know 30k for phone and 40k for brand name.,3.0
"Iphone 11 is one of the best in the market right now and i got it in sale, so it’s a bang for the buck.I received the product prior to the estimated delivery date and good service from amazon.A simple and subtle device yet a remarkable one.Well the notch and the face ID takes time to get used to but you won’t notice it much after a month or more.Battery life is goodCamera is one of the bestAnd the IOS is good as always.",5.0
"Awesome Gadget. Value for money. So much excited when I received it & very happy while unboxing. It was a great deal from Amazon in Great Indian festival offer. Camera is mind boggling, great thing is it is made in India designed in US. No China product. Last month’s manufacturing is something I never expected but really very happy to see this on box. Don’t wait guys go for it.",5.0
"I love the service but just scared a bit, the phone is have some issues and couldn’t figure out that is it the phone or the app that caused the minor issue.Taking too long to charge that is one negative point. But battery back up is really great.Sometimes observer connection issue with Boss sound sport and never had those issue when used with I phone 7.",5.0
Too much heating on normal operations. Too bad Quality...it's a zero review note it down.,1.0
"Was a little apprehensive buying it online but after receiving the phone, all my doubts were put to rest. The seller (Appario Retail Private Ltd)  is great and got the products within two days.",5.0
"I was an android flagship user(Samsung Galaxy S series). I was a bit skeptical about iOS, however after using IPhone 11 for the last two and half months, I found everything of IPhone 11 to be perfect.Battery life is excellent.HandyCamera: photos are crisp, clear and comes with natural colour.",5.0
It been 4month I am using this phone as of now no problem and great experience .I m love with the product .,5.0
"Do not like removing charger and earphone, cost also remains same even after removing them.Best look, handling, color, camera.",5.0
"Received my phone 2 days before delivery...i was worried after reading some reviews..but original phone ,everything as mentioned in the box....will tell after month how things are .hope for the best",5.0
Very useful first I phone loving it a lot.. Top on camera quality every is so so good but battery life is not really successful it discharged in a day if you are a youtuber or worked on a mobile regular this isn't for you..Best in camera.,5.0
Terribly disappointed! It hasn't even been two months since I bought my phone and I am already experiencing issues with it. The headset has slowed down even though I dont have much of usage. The earphones particularly are defective with evident sound quality issues and heavy distortion. I don't know where to get them checked. Any solution to this problem? Who do I contact?,1.0
"There is an issue with the phone, the box was not sealed and tampered with ! Extremely disappointed with the purchase !",1.0
"No one cares about the review on an iPhone unless you are an android fanboi.Well, the battery backup of this phone is quite good also the camera quality is amazing.",5.0
"Black color is great, First time iphone user. I was scared about product. But I made a video while opening package. But by god's grace, all things were fine. No issues. Good packaging. But please make sure you took delivery package in good condition. Battery is very fine. But have to check camera quality after using for few days.",5.0
I have recived a defective product it’s spekar is not working properly and the mrp is on product is 64900 and price taken by me is 68300,1.0
The product I received is good with all mentioned accessories. Camera is nice ad battery life also good,2.0
"Product delivery time was bit disappointing. However the product is genuine and Happy with overall service. iPhone 11 really feels very premium  and smooth. Used to wonder why it’s so costly, but when I started using it, I came to a conclusion that it’s really worth the money.But not sure about the service. Hoping for the best.",5.0
Phone is not switching on. Defective piece.,1.0
A very good phone. Battery backup improved a lot. Camera is unquestionably good. Video stabilization is unmatchable.,5.0
Very good and genuine product delivered by amazon..thanks amazon for this wonderful toy..highly appreciated..,5.0
"ProPhone in hand comfortableCamera quality greatCalling quality bestBattery greatUI smoothieConIn box adaptor only 5 watt very badDisplay HD only average display qualityIn box accessories very cheap like cable,handset",4.0
The phone is sexy ..looks great ... came in a nice package .... camera is just 😘...is fast and the face id is fastest,5.0
Bought this iPhone 11 64gb variant. I got this phone in 50k in Great Indian Festival sale. I was worried that during this sale Amazon is sending clone iPhone but I got original product and my all worries were vanished. Fully satisfied with this iPhone and with iPhone.If you are planning to buy this phone then go ahead.,5.0
"Finally got my first iPhone at a great prize, delivered late but got original productWorried due to negative comments on YouTube about getting clone iPhone or used product. But Amazon delivered what they say”an fulfilled product by them” Allways recommended Amazon for online shopping in future.LOVE U AMAZON",5.0
"Worst experience premium phone like Apple this kind of experience never expected.Battery getting drain very fast, heating while charging.Restarting automatically while using the phone, several problems within couple of days usage.",1.0
For the price it doesn’t  have much to offer.. if you are already having a Iphone then it won’t feel any different.. but yeah wide angle camera is cool..,4.0
"It’s an amazing phone and loved it. Battery life, camera quality, timeline video / movie, face unlock etc are very nice and efficient. Siri is advanced.",5.0
"The screen sometimes, very rarely, does not work... also, strangely, I am unable to tag people on Instagram... which is very strange cause using other devices, I can... just not this phone",3.0
"Camera, built quality s awesome. Basically m a android user but when I switch to iOS seriously i don’t want to switch it back to android.Camera is like fabulous",5.0
Received delivery by Amazon with 18 hours and amazing experience..,5.0
The product is premium and well in shape but these amazon people are _______ . In offer section they’ll show plenty of rewards and chash back but when you purchase it then nothing will be given. I purchased iphone11 during GIF SALE there was a bonus cashback of₹1250 but ther fail to provide it sayin offer is not on iphone11,4.0
If ur taking this phone for gaming than its nt good choice coz battery will be gone and charging speed is 3 hrs from 0-100% so think twice and for other use it’s best,5.0
Product is not a orignal paking,1.0
"JUST RECIEVED THE PARCEL AND I'M TOTALLY IN LOVE .AT FIRST ,I WAS VERY CONFUSED WHETHER I SHOULD PURCHASE OR NOTBUT I'M FULLY SATISFIED AFTER RECIEVING IT .WILL GIVE UPDATES IN FUTURE",4.0
Good product√ no fraud!,5.0
Good phone at a delightful price... Fast and prompt delivery by Amazon 👍,5.0
Product is extremely Genuine and well packaged prior to delivery Loved the product to the core Happy customer Will be visiting soon for the Mac book and I watch Purchase in the nearing future months.... Best buying experience very good will buy some more products from Amazone in future too😊,5.0
“Battery life” is awesome. 1 and half day after rough use.“Camera quality” is unbelievable. Best camera phone in this range.A13 bionic cheap is a monster.After all this is apple. I think it will give a hard competition with a 1 lacs rupee phone.Display quality is negotiable.,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Its too goodIf u are ready to buy a wireless earphonesAnd a fast chargerDont think twice about battery its perfect ut last long than expected but u need to change some settings",5.0
The product i recieved hangs alot . Poor service for me . I am still struggling with this phone apple product bought from store might be good but not through amazon for sure!,1.0
bad,1.0
"PRODUCT WAS NOT GOOD I AM NOT HAPPY WITH  PRODUCT . I WAS TRY SO MANY TIMES FROM AMAZON APPLICATION, BUT THEY DID NOT GIVE ANY REVERT. I WANT TO RETURN MY PHONE HOW CAN IT IS POSSIBLE.PROBLEM APPLICATIONS INSTALLED BUT DID NOT WORKING PROPERLY AND CAMERA NOT WORKING PROPERLY.",1.0
Recieved defective product with 10 days got display problem....,1.0
"After 40 days review:iPhone 11... Super Build Quality, Best Camera, Very Good Battery Backup, display also good and over all superb!",5.0
"Amazing phone and deal caught at an amazing price and also thaw product quality is very great and and the software is great never hangs and disappoints you. Great phone ,just love it.Thankyou Amazon for always being at great service even during these tough times.",5.0
Simply the best & the beast... premium look...very handy...smooth performance...camera could have been a little better. But that's ok...bought for my wife...she is happy...so I am happy...💕,5.0
I was thinking that mere saath fraud na hi. But i received a good and original product.,4.0
if u r not a pubg fan then battery will last for more time that u expect 5 6 hour of continuous use will only use abt 30% battery which is impressive for iphone 11,5.0
"No seal, ni invoice and it was not original packing as mobile was over the panphlets.. so clearly mobile was used/ open and not originally given",1.0
"It was no where mentioned that it does not have a adapterand earphones while making the purchase,post getting the deliver,saw that the things were not there and when came back then amazon updated the deatails, this is completely unfair and now I am not even able to highlight the same as thereis nk opgion given for the same.",1.0
Its a best fit in 11 series . Amazing camera with true depth front camera with portrait mode. Clarity of ultra wide camera is amazing. Battery life is really good compared to other iphone models but comparatively still less than android. 64 gb is too less so 128 gb is good to go.,5.0
"I was afraid after seeing a scam video on YouTube but amazon won my trust and delivered me an original and brand new i phone 11 so happy for this great camera quality,a day battery life in moderate use,i was super amoled display user so little disappointed for LCD i will update my review after 1 month use.",5.0
Beautiful handset by apple. Manufactured 2 months before Feb2021. Got 5k instant discount from hdfc credit card and final cost was ~50k. you have to buy 20w adapter to charge your phone.I switched from iphone6 to 11 . missing fingerprint scanner and headphones port. Thanks,5.0
Before the delivery i was so scared that what if i receivea clown product or damaged product  as the payment was already made but the time i opened the packaging  i was soooooo freaking happpy bcozz i got the genuine product nd the product functuning is up to date  .,5.0
I was little worried to buy my new mobile online. But it is very nice. All the features are excellent. It is tking me a little time to me to understand so many features.,5.0
Moved from android to iPhone..Just loved the experience of using iPhone. You can trust amazon for buying apple products. Excellent face lock recognition (It even recognises when lights are off). Descent battery life. Good camera. After all you will enjoy experience of iPhone 11.,4.0
Microphone stopped working on 2nd day .. Did not expect this from a company like apple or may be amazon sells only refurbished or damaged phones !,1.0
"its battery and camera quality is superb, worth buying itvalue for money product. One should buy it. Never expected good battery life from apple. Best battery life ever seen in iphone. Camera is like- bawaal macha diya",5.0
Speaker not working seems to be not at all advisable to purchase products from amazon,1.0
One of the best iphone under affordable price in GREAT INDIAN SALE .Better the iphone comes up with 18W adapter and not 5W.Usaully 5W adapter takes 2 hrs to charge up 0-100%.Only its the major problem in it.,5.0
Love the new features and enhancementsSwitched from Iphone6 to Iphone 11Worth the purchase,5.0
I used this one for a month and now am writing a review ! Mobile is so nice and no heating in it . Am very thankful to Amazon for a  wonder full  offer ❤️,5.0
"Everything about this phon is perfect. Amazing picture quality, long battery life (as of now), value for money as compared to 11pro. Only that the weight of the mobile is a bit more which makes it feel like carrying a brick in pocket",4.0
iPhone 11 features the most significant design change thanks to the new dual-camera system,5.0
Overall Good. But If I compared with One plus Nord than it's also good at low priced. Almost all apple features are available in Android.,5.0
Hi everyone I am just writing the review on this phone after using 1 month.. its worth buying this phone and camera quality and OS  is excellent soo responsive. But be careful if you order it from online..please check your accessories with the service centre and whether you received all original accessories.,5.0
Poor camera quality .. one plus offers much better camera quality in very low price.,1.0
Packing was excellent quite it took little late to delivery other than delivery just enjoying with 11,5.0
"Good product  as a usual iPhone user this upgrade is fantastic  camera,screen  is a wholesome experience.",5.0
Its best in price . I thought amazon would send a refurbished phone but amazon is genuine seller no dout in it . if u want a phone with heavy discounts then don’t think a second thing just for for amazonThan q amazon my hopes came true,5.0
"I had been using iPhone SE before later brought one plus 7 but the iOS experience you can’t get anywhere else, iPhone 11 is a premium machine with rich software and hardware. If you want a phone for say 4-5 years go for it blindly",5.0
It’s premature to comment as of now. So far the experience is good.,5.0
To charge the battery full takes average 5 hours.,1.0
Earpods i dint get in box only hear phone,1.0
Thank you so much Darshita seller. I appreciate it. I was scared after reading the recent reviews because they were not up to the mark. I know because of heavy orders. I got the profuct and it is in a perfect condition. Thank you so much.,5.0
"There are no icons, customers are fooled by mentioning earpods instead of earphones. Also had issues while transferring data from.old phone.",4.0
"Packing of the product was nice, the delivery agent opened it very carefully and handed over the device after proper inspection. About the product i dont need to say anything, well understood it can be awesome fir some and the worst for others...",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Perfect phone in this price. Most successful phone of iphone.",5.0
"I bought the product on last September, after using the product for the past 8 months the touch is not working. While using app like FaceBook or any other social channels the touch is not working , especially the search and back button .",2.0
"I would suggest you to buy 11 than a pro , it feels great to have this phone.",5.0
"Its just really a awesome phone i have ever seen, the camera is just really 👌👌❤️🙋🏻‍♂️😘 next the processors are also very great , i am really very impressed from this phone , there’s a only problem with this device is the heating problem, rest all the things are really good 🥰",5.0
"Excellent choice if you looking for bug free premium experience, handy and fast. Camera is just awesome and fast. This is my first iphone and it really worth it. Overall happy :)",5.0
don't believe in others commenting. its a very nice phone and i have been using it since two months and the experience is amazing. So its a must buy product whether you buy it from amazon or any other place.,5.0
Delivered fake  iphone11,1.0
Face ID is WOWBattery pack up unlimitedJust love it totally,5.0
Genuine product ... Packaging was not so good as there was not new packing ... But the delivery was probably fast .... I am totally satisfied ....,5.0
So good and there is nothing any scam or fraud..,5.0
FaceTime and iMessage not working . These features don’t work in some countries like those in the gulf region.If the product sent to me is really destined for India it should work.What do I do to enable these features,3.0
"Another quality product from Apple. I loved the the phone. looks like another masterpiece from apple after 5S. Camera looks fantastic, battery is enough for one day, speakers also sounds good. Timely delivery by amazon.",5.0
Excellent phone I love dis phone,5.0
As its mentioned on advertisemet that power adaptor and ipods are with this pack but its totally a false statement by amazon,1.0
A must upgrade u can go for...truly impressive...Apple never fails to satisfy their customers..A pure premium phone one can get in this budget..a worth investment,5.0
I Phone 11always happy with i Phone.,4.0
Thanks you Amazon & seller and HDFC for awesome discount,5.0
Great camera quality. Smooth and fast OS (as compared to Android latest software upgrade).Better battery life though takes a long time with regular apple charger.Worth the value.,5.0
"Firstly there's  no fingerprint Scanner ( so asking for Star rating 🤣) - Secondly, Experience till far In each & every dimension for Me & for everyone, It's  Amazing, Just Amazing!",5.0
Got under 50k in festive sale superb phone camera is gud only thing that is disappointing is battery not that gud ... if u wanna play games like pubg or any other games battry drains so fast . Processor is excellent..,5.0
Amazing phone. Best one can afford in a 11 series. Got it at a festival sale. Overall amazing build quality too. Apple never disappointed especially with battery backup this time.,5.0
Got a defective product. There is no physical damage but the voice calls are not at all clear on this phone.,1.0
Box was damaged. Thank god phone was safe.Very poor packaging from the vendor,5.0
"A tough decision to change from Android to iOS but, worth it. The camera, battery life, accessibility, sound quality is just superb from day one. Haven’t noticed any issues at all. Don’t think will switch back to Android ever!!! Cheers to Apple!",5.0
I ordered this iphone on 27th oct 2020 and the charging cable was not working so i took it to the apple service center and i found out that the wire was duplicate. Do not buy apple products on amazon,1.0
"Buying iPhone 11 as a whole experience was good enough, loved the design, software & camera. Though the phone was delivered on time, i had to wait for 7 days for a 1 year old launched phone",5.0
Phone restarting randomly during calls etc. Please help me sort my issue,1.0
Phone has no fingerprint reader. First time Apple user my android apps are better for my business purpose in iphone those are not working properly😩😩 Rest is ok,4.0
Very poor performance batteryiOS badMain no return policySo pls no west moneyNo solution my problems,1.0
"Great product, no problems till date. Camera quality is increased and battery life is also pretty decent. Overall happy with the product",5.0
I had bought for my wife and it’s an awesome phone with a combination of perfect features. Thanks for the safe and fastest delivery by Amazon.,5.0
"Its my first time for iOS, i like it. Shifted from an android. I like the speaker output so much.",5.0
Really liked the phone.,4.0
"Perfect phone in every aspect. Must buy smartphone. Camera quality is superb. I got it for RS 51,749 in amazon great indian festivals sale.",5.0
Product is good but delivery boy cheated which Marks fault on Amazon brand,5.0
No earpod in this package,4.0
Camera is awesome,5.0
It's just awesome,5.0
Battery life is not that great and the charger comes in box is very disappointing as per 2020. Rest of the part is pretty great. Delivered on very next day.,4.0
Best iphone is range m. Don't go for iPhone 12 if you don't need 5g. If 4g can satisfy your needs close you eyes and buy this iPhone 11 .. I liked the green color.  New color and it looks awesome.,5.0
Delivered on time. The camera quality is best in segment. This is the perfect phone for optimisation and long stability. Buy this product without a second thought because u gonna love it for sure.,5.0
"I was afraid that there would be fake product as now a days its going on,. But thank GOD its genuine as i have checked its serial number on apple site.  DARSHITA ELECTRONIC is the provider. Thanks",5.0
Battery backup is not at all good and performance is not like an new iPhone. Waste of money and called to Amazon customer but no use.,1.0
Worth for value of money..it is not comparable with other brands,5.0
Excellent phone except for the slowest charger provided with it !,5.0
Good phone. Got it for 45000 rs.If your budget is above 40 or 50000 rs always opt for iPhone.,5.0
My first apple product....amazing quality...face id is much secured.... camera quality is awesome perhaps the best camera ever on a smartphone....battery is a bit disappointing ❤️🔥😍🤩,5.0
"Camera quality is not good, who are looking for good quality of camera I suggest not to buy only one camera is working",4.0
"First I got defective phone but after talking to customer care they will given me new phone by replacing, replacing on Amazon is difficult and some are not cooperative.",5.0
The phone is one of the premium smartphone till day. The cost has reduced since the introduction of 12 series but still this is an amazing buy option.,5.0
Really a wonderful phone .its camera quality is amazing. good and secure phone for business purpose,5.0
"DEAR SIR,I JUST DISCOVERED THAT THE BOX OF THE IPHONE IS NOT ORIGINAL. PLEASE CHECK THE SAME. NOW I AM WORRIED THAT THE PHONE I WAS USING WAS IT SERIOUSLY ORIGINAL OR A MASTER COPY.",3.0
Camera quality is not good...not as expected from iPhone ...looks like the product is not genuine.Pictures are too blurry and not clearPlease don’t purchase iPhone from amazon,1.0
Awesome packaging and  110% genuine item 😂 what else can i say about iphone 11 the name itself is enough. Btw thanks to the seller and amazon fulfilment  services i got my phone earlier.,5.0
Love the colour & love the new upgrade from iPhone 8 to iPhone 11. Worth all the hype !,5.0
"I received iphone 11+ yesterday, I was told that i would receive an earpod and charger with iphone but unfortunately i received only the usb cable without an adaptor and no earpods are there, so i am returning the order.",1.0
Original product..  perfect packing and delivery service.,5.0
Iphone is of good quality,5.0
Nice phone...nice camera ...thankyou Amazon....,5.0
When you have an iPhoneYou have all the gadget you needDays of having a dslr is gone..a iphone is all you need.,5.0
Really satisfied I have got black one with 128 Gb variant for 61500 which insanely awesome,5.0
Voice was not clearly heard. At I phone store asked money for clearity of voice. What I have to do.Pl suggest.,2.0
I upgraded from 5S to 11.Its just amazing.Its a major upgrade.Product arrived in good condition.The gestures makes the experience smooth.Was confused between the S10 and the iPhone 11 and it was a good decision,5.0
Camera quality is not good as I compared with my friends iphone 11... its little different n front camera is very  bad..wt should I do now I don't understand..dont go for online if its iphone,1.0
Everything to like in the phone. Thanks Amazon for shipping it lightning fast. Its a great product and I am glad to order it through Amazon. Will continue ordering !!!,5.0
Loved this product.As I'm already an iPhone user therefore have a trust on them.If uh guyz are planing to buy this product then go ahead without any doubt.,5.0
Excellent performance and great experience,5.0
"At reading many negative comments I was literally scared abt the order , but it is a genuine product and came with zero defects ..totally satisfied with this purchase.",5.0
What to say. It's an apple,5.0
"Osm mobile,Very useful if u use macbook, smart connectivity with macbook.I also call in my MacBook.Good camara qualitySound quality also very good",5.0
FaceId is great and lag free performance. Great camera.,5.0
"The charger stopped working within 1 month , how do I get it replaced?",3.0
The most I like about I phone 11 as below:1. Battery life.2. Camera n  Video3. Fast performance4. Lookes5. Face unlock,5.0
I got this product on Deshara sale and got good discount. Good camera quality battery backup is also goodI am fully satisfied with the product,5.0
Got this product very safe without any damages on date.used for 1wk  and it works well till now.camera is very awesome.it recongize face very quick,5.0
Super cool,5.0
Superb product from apple as iam old customer to apple still it reached my expectations thank you amazon for quick delivery,5.0
Simply superb. Fast and attractive. So far there isn’t lag. Got it for 46700 during the great Indian sale. Value for money!,5.0
"Nice, Good Battery Life, Camera Quality Superb, Display High Quality 1792x828 Resolution Liquid Retina LCD IPS Screen , A13 Bionic Chip Lajab Hai👌👌",5.0
This is my first ever iphone and thanks to amazon for the genuine product. Amazon also deliver it before time. You all know the product quality superb.,5.0
Nice product with amazing performance.  I have bought it in sale with great discount 53K.Sound quality is realy great.,5.0
In this price category the iPhone 11 is only best phone.Super camera 📷Smooth touch and brilliant screen colour.And logo of cutting apple 😍,5.0
Good,4.0
Awesome experience using iPhone for the first time.,5.0
Don’t buy it from AmazonWith in 6 months battery percentage came to 94%Fake product.,1.0
Good Phone,5.0
The best iphone till now..,5.0
Phone heating is serious concern in this variant and Apple should do something for this as this is expensive phone and should not have such issue,4.0
Go for it you won’t get better price than this,5.0
Item description says comes with ear pod but sadly i didn’t receive it. Only my Apple iPhone 11 (64GB) - Black had power cable & adapter,4.0
"Despite the lockdown, Amazon delivered it on time. I was worried about the product but finally received it in good condition. I am very satisfied",5.0
Don't buy from Amazon.  They give fake charger in box.,1.0
"The phone quality is superb!!Appreciative Camera quality and face recognition too.Glad to order from Amazon, got good discount too ;)",5.0
Product is good but ..I don't receive iphone 11 will in the box why..?,4.0
"Phone is really cool but the battery charges in very low speed, my previous iphone 7 charges faster. Very disappointed",4.0
Value for money,5.0
Everything befitting an Apple!,4.0
"BEST PHONE,Go for it, you will be delighted.",5.0
Cream is not all good. I have taken few shots and the pic as blur and not good at all it’s pics are even worst then my poco x2. Not buy this product.,1.0
I got new and genuine product,4.0
Amazing.... AmazonAmazing price iphone 11 in just rs.48000Love you Amazon❤️❤️,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Excellent phone oops sorry iPhone 11",5.0
Phone is ok but bad thing is not provided charger people are changing with other chargers. due to that battary life is falldaun,5.0
1.Battery excellent standby consumption is negligible.2. Night mode is superb3. Processing speed no match,5.0
The Best,5.0
Defect products,1.0
Such a excellent product. LCD display but I do not see any difference compare to my galaxy a 70.,5.0
Good to use and nice display quality and battery life good for normal use-age rest of all super and good,5.0
Thank u amazon to deliver my phone on time.i got excellent product by amazon and phone is very good and nice condition.everythig is superb,5.0
PACKAGING WAS NOT GOODEXCEPT THAT EVERYTHING GOODNO DOUBTAPPLE IS ALWAYS ON TOPIN PROVIDING PREMIUM PRODUCTS,5.0
Good quality pictures and battery life but there is no finger print reader it has the option of face recognition,5.0
Grt deal iphone 11 + airpod at 55000 Rs.,5.0
this product really don't need to be reviewed,5.0
Great iphone to buy under 45000 only the display doesn't justify its price,4.0
Nice delivery awesome phone awesome battery just got it for 46k,5.0
There is nothing to dislike because it is an apple mobile everything will be perfect... one disadvantage in mobile battery pack up...,5.0
Awesome product love apple by heart,5.0
Love the camera studio options,5.0
Super iPhone I love this model,4.0
"When I was an booked dis I saw I phone  11 with I pods,  but I received today with earphone why this happened...  Plz ans it",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Nice built quality...super fast and handy....smootg touch and great performance",5.0
Camera quality is nice,5.0
Just wow😍😍Upgrade from redmi 6 pro to iPhone 11📱 😍😍 best camera best mobile ever,5.0
The phone is awesome buttery smooth but the box is dented they didn't carry the box safely.,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It's a awesome product.delivery time is also good.thanks to amazon.",5.0
Nice phone with various color.,5.0
"Face unlock works accurately even in dark.And when it comes to the performance, A13 Bionic is a beast.",5.0
The product is overall good.,5.0
Recived Quite Late But All is well .,5.0
Very nice phone deal was really good,5.0
"Shifted from Samsung to apple, Really one of excellent product from apple,",5.0
It’s excellent phone. Battery backup is not good,5.0
Phone is getting switch on and off again again it is an hardware problem.,1.0
Mostly liked,5.0
Handset it dead not working,1.0
It's jus okay. As usual overhyped apple product. Should probably have purchased OnePlus 8t,3.0
Such an amazing product from apple at an affordable price,5.0
Good,4.0
Nice look,5.0
"The camera, the audio and the display are top notch. Truly world class, much better experience than android phones.",5.0
"Hi Amazon thank you for the Speed delivery of the product and price offered. I don't have to qive the spec about the phone, because everybody knows it.😁",5.0
Great phone,4.0
Better camera quality,4.0
"Very happy with the product. Meets the expectation. Very good Camera quality, excellent battery capacity, enhanced face recognition. Overall good.",5.0
Moved from android to iphone 📱 just loved the experience of using iphone ❤️ completely worth purchase 📱,5.0
Camra quality is good low light is not goodBattery life is average Facelock is not working properly,1.0
Good battery backup for normal usage. But having heating issues while playing COD and battery drains very fast in COD. Camera awesome one.,4.0
Good,5.0
Good service by amazon.,5.0
overall phone is good but battery back is not good as such I was expecting,4.0
Excellent product,5.0
This phone is a BEAST. No shortcomings.,5.0
"I liked that it was delivered before the delivery date, and the quality of the product was without a doubt 5star.",5.0
iPhone 11 is user friendly with long battery life n very clear camera quality,5.0
"I ssatisfied by this ph. camera quality is very ggodd, working performance is also good...over all best phone",5.0
"Phone audio out put is very low for some videos , in spite of full volume",3.0
A bit heavy than my prior iphone 6s... but can be ignored as the phone runs so smooth...! Best camera and battery..!!,5.0
"Amazing fast delivery service by amazon, phone is awsome as i bought it after watching a lot of reviews. Just go for it.",5.0
"Changed from an Android to Apple and I can see the difference. Very fast response, exceptional camera quality",4.0
Go for it. Its more than enough,5.0
I got this value for money deal,4.0
Not recommended,1.0
Damaged product,1.0
Received original product only con was the late delivery otherwise everything was cool,5.0
awwwww,5.0
Camera has superb clarity but coming to phone I don’t know why the mobile gets heating up,4.0
Witness excess heat while charging.,2.0
Satisfied,5.0
I loved iPhone 11 😘,5.0
Good deal,5.0
Face recognition is not good... and camera quality also poor in night,3.0
product is excilent super first camera very very nicedelivery supereverything is goodwell done,5.0
"Rebooting automatically , got a new from service centre.",1.0
"Battery life, speed, face recog, camera",5.0
Within 2 months data cable stopped working and today after 6 months adapter stopped working.,1.0
My second i phone awm product supr quality tq for amazon,5.0
Nice mobile...👌👌👌,5.0
Honestly one of the finest product that have bought and yes price is always on the higher side for Apple products and it’s  worth for the reasons🤟,5.0
This phone is very good. Must buy.,5.0
"Very good phone ,very better in comprising of android devices",5.0
"One star only for delay in delivery even to a prime member, otherwise product is good. No complaints",1.0
"Wooww!!! I have been using this phone for over 24 hours now and In that time, I am beyond impressed.",5.0
Not good  bad performance...,1.0
"the phone is just wonders, its seriously great..",5.0
Best,5.0
1no.,5.0
Be careful!  This pack doesn't include the charger and earphone.,3.0
Low light camera mode is absolute beast,5.0
Worth buying it from amazon,5.0
I love my iPhone,5.0
"Got next day delivery but product has a broken front screen, didn’t get much help from amazon",1.0
Used the phone for 6 months n it’s the best for camera n other features,5.0
Battery life - Screen on time is less than 3 hours.,1.0
"There should be Home button. Home Button in identity of iPhone. Look should be same as Model number 6, 7, 8",5.0
"Battery life ok,camera takes good photos",5.0
Great discount on amazonBest phone,5.0
If you don't have an iPhone then you don't have an iPhone,5.0
Battery health Drain To fast,5.0
I'm so happy with the product. This is the first time I'm using this and I'm already loving it.,5.0
Phone is good. Amazon support is very horrible.Not even able to resolve my refund issue,4.0
Camera quality is not good,2.0
Best phone to buyValue for money,5.0
"amazing phone, amazing delivery (12hrs)",5.0
A great companion,4.0
Good product and timely delivery. Overall a satisfactory experience.,5.0
"Fingerprint good sanser and camera quality also good,",5.0
Original product. Sticks to the claims of quality. 👌,5.0
Product old iPhone 6s,1.0
Worst Battery backup.,1.0
This was a op,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   All best",5.0
Good product camera quality is excellent and battery life is excellent face recognition is excellent thanks,5.0
NICE PRODUCT....LOOKING SO GOOD...CAMARA QUALITY GOOD...OVERALL SUPERB....,5.0
Battery life decreased as it’s 2months old mobile nd I use to charge in original charger nly,3.0
Not good hang problemsBettery issues,1.0
Genuine and Good product from Amazon. Enjoying it as daily driver.,5.0
The phone is not fine it is over heating while using and charge and there is no responce from seller need immediate action on this.,3.0
awsm phn must buy,5.0
Many problems with this phone,5.0
extremely happy with iphone 11,5.0
Fabulous designVery good device by appleGreat job done by amazon on time delivery,5.0
Camera 📷,5.0
I lost my phone is there any warranty of it or insurance!! I have no idea abt it,5.0
Smooth purchase,5.0
Phone is very good... especially the camera is unbeatable.....,4.0
"Its given some more happyness bcz, saver and usefull.. feeling good with this 😍🥰🥰❤️",4.0
Purchased it on Great Indian festival sale 2020... it’s a steal for a price of 52000/-,5.0
Fingerprint reader is not there.Battery is good.Camera quality is awesome.,3.0
"Got this in great Indian sale in just 46,749...",5.0
Very nice,5.0
Very good,5.0
Best in segment,5.0
Awsum go for it,5.0
Got Heated up and Dead on the Same day.Do not Trust Amazon on such Expensive devices even they dont refund your money,1.0
Great product and best delivery by Amazon.,5.0
Premium!,5.0
Awesome,5.0
Love it,5.0
worst product,1.0
not satisfied,1.0
Ideal size .canera quality good,5.0
Awesome design delivery on time but last few days i am facing heating and battery drain issue,3.0
Amazon did really fast delivery and phone was delivered very safely. I phone 11 is amazing..,5.0
"Packing would have done better, there is no bubble wrapping, just normal cardboard wrapping.",4.0
Camera quality is gud but after using android i felt little bit disappointed jus expected a face beauty 😝😝😜😜,4.0
Product delivered as per our expectations. Thanks Amazon,5.0
The device is just awesome in such flagship price range.,5.0
Everything is awesome about this phone..But the only bad thing is the 5w charger..,4.0
Iphone is always an iPhone,5.0
"Amazing product, top notch phone.",5.0
"Phone is good, has good features and responsive. But the found defective charging adapter.",2.0
nice,5.0
Its nice Phone but I did not received cash back on prime purchase order by SBI credit card its disappointed.,4.0
Super phone,5.0
"Nice product, got stuck for words after usage and thanks to amazon for timely delivery.",5.0
But this phone... but not from amazon!!!!,5.0
Only issue that i am facing is that the proximity sensor is not working properly during calls,4.0
Na,4.0
Awesome camera performance,4.0
Good one,5.0
Perfect quality - Delivered in a proper manner.,5.0
It’s apple.... The best phones ever and always.,5.0
"During voice call, the opposite person’s voice is not audible  clearly...can be solved?",2.0
My charger of this new phone is not working... I need to replace it.. what is the procedure please guide.,2.0
Its an iphone what else i can say......awesome!!!,5.0
Sensor have problem. Screen does not display after disconnecting the call.,5.0
Superb phone and amazon done a great job.Don't worry amazon not lets you down.,5.0
Excellent for all intended uses. Only a bit heavier than the previous versions used.,5.0
Good phone and value for money,5.0
Not gud for charging and screen,1.0
Good,5.0
Excellent performance 5/4 camera.5/4 battery life .5/4 face recognition..overall best iPhone but hike price,4.0
Nice battery life and nice camera quality,5.0
Best Product I have ever seen. Fast shipping,5.0
"Best phone, Got it for 40k after exchange and its worth it.",5.0
The best phone one can have it. All the specs snd features are just amazing,5.0
I like camera,4.0
Good in every respect,5.0
The phone is amazingNo doubt about AppleBut battery backup could be much better,4.0
Best iphone ever,5.0
GOOD,5.0
Best iPhone ever,5.0
Original product,5.0
"1 star is removed due to battery, btw mobile is legit",4.0
"It's heating too much while charging, and where there is poor internet connection",3.0
"Value for money, if you are thinking for iPhone then don’t bother just go for it.",5.0
Great battery life and good quality of cameraSounds quality is also amazing,5.0
Mobile is too gud but the chrging is too slow.Charger is not a fast charger,5.0
It is very bad. After 1 month it started hanging and now its touch is not working,2.0
"Very nice phone, good packaging , delivered as per date, overall service was nice",5.0
Battery is not upto the mark. Blazing fast only disappointed on the battery drain,4.0
very goodMobileWith good battery backup,5.0
bkbm product,5.0
Great phone,5.0
There is hardly anything to dislike.An excellent product with features par excellent,5.0
Fake apple,3.0
Everything about this is perfect.,5.0
Only negative is camera and screen resolution.,5.0
On time delivery and it's awesome,5.0
Amazing product,5.0
"Affordability could have been made better, Fantastic Camera but face recognition sucks.Need notification blinks as well",5.0
Perfect phone and awesome battery life and colours,5.0
"Good Phone. Best camera quality in this segment, awesome battery life and good display",5.0
Overheating phone seems defective hardware sold to me,1.0
I ❤️ iPhone 11.Because...!CameraDesignDisplaySound...!!!🤝Security,5.0
Awesome mobile and really very good to use.,5.0
I have received this phone 2 months back and the charger is not working now...this is is ridiculous,1.0
The camera is little bit not clear pixel sometimes but apart from that it is worth of the money..,5.0
Dual voice heard while talking on phone,1.0
Processing power is low lags camera quality is bad to,5.0
Apple is best,4.0
Good,5.0
Grt phn i hv ever used...i hv used too many phns bt dis is as good as grt,5.0
Awesome gadget.,5.0
Really best phone to buy,5.0
Battery capacity not I expected,1.0
Phone works well. Good buy even in 2021,5.0
Value for money & sturdy phone with long battery life,5.0
Great,5.0
Good,4.0
Original products,5.0
Very good looking,5.0
Received original product. No heating problem so far.,5.0
The camera is very good and the battery life is beyond my expectation,5.0
Superb. Everything is beyond expectation.just go for it. Trust on amazon.,5.0
Everything in between t is Premium I just love Apple.,5.0
Nice product loved it,5.0
Nice iPhone,5.0
Nice,5.0
The best I phone I am using from 3GS TO THIS ONE,5.0
Nice flagship phone with dual sim support,4.0
Just go for it,5.0
Just go for it,5.0
It’s fabulous product ...delivery status of Amazon is mind blowing,5.0
First time iPhone user wasn’t disappointed,5.0
dont go for public review..i ordered it..and it is very good phone,5.0
I have some battery heating issue! It’s effect on Warm Environment,4.0
Great phone.thanks amazon for providing such a great phone👍👍👌👌,5.0
"Very good product ,orignal product very good experience in amazone",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Yes very much premium",5.0
"Everything about this Phone Iphone 11 is unique, class and Status... Go for it..",5.0
Easy to carry smart and useful product,5.0
Wonderful,4.0
always spr in this iphone 11 battery back up and camera clarity always ultimate,5.0
This good product,4.0
Value for Money !,5.0
Excellent product,5.0
Great mobile ;) mu first iOS experience ! Loved it ❤️❤️ Apple is Best in Everything!!,5.0
Phone ok but heating is too much,5.0
Awesome phone.... Android to ISO the best transformation.,5.0
Only finger print is else everything is awesome,4.0
Wonderful camera performance 😍,5.0
Product is upto the mark,5.0
"Wonder, happy to have...",5.0
There is no ear pod normal headphone only with the packet,4.0
Awesome experience to have iphome 11. It's a masterpiece.,5.0
Phone heats up little while taking outdoor photo or video,4.0
Best camera available in the market in the mobile segment,5.0
Battery life is very good . Camera quality is too good...,4.0
Everything is good,5.0
Best out of best👍,5.0
I bought it..😍😘,5.0
Very very good one n quality is amazing,5.0
"Awsome i loved it, liked soo much",5.0
Camera is fabulous battery all about is amzing experience,4.0
Great,5.0
Great Touch. Wish Camera could be better !!,4.0
Nothing To say Iphone can never be compared,5.0
Shifting from iPhone 7 to iPhone 11 is best,5.0
Camera quality is so good & fabulous look🤩,4.0
I like it.,5.0
I love IOS 14 and camera is awesome,5.0
I really love this offer and iphone,5.0
The best you can get at this price.,5.0
the phone is really good and the delivery was also good and on time.....,5.0
Face lock is not so well as expected.,4.0
Awesome phone with cool features 🔥🔥,5.0
It's worth the amount you spend on it,5.0
Genuine product and works really good,5.0
Best phone ever .. completed one year,5.0
"With iphone, the impossible becomes possible.",5.0
Everything is good except design and weight..,4.0
Amazing camera quality nd better battery life,5.0
Very Better Experience its my 1st IOS Device.,5.0
Qthis is the best smartphone I have ever used,5.0
"Very nice phone, thin body and beautiful look",4.0
Very good phone in this price,5.0
Nice product superb product,5.0
It’s really awesome,5.0
Good product must buy,5.0
It's camera is superb,5.0
Front camera problem.Amazon sarvice is very very bad,1.0
Screen cracked product inside the box.,1.0
Take 5 to 6 hour’s in charging phone and very bad battery backup,1.0
I am so happy this phone and phone features,5.0
dislike,1.0
Camera quality is very good,5.0
Getting lot noise from hearing speaker voice is not clear,5.0
Great phone to use. Battery life is Ok.,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
good,5.0
Okay,4.0
Awsm,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,3.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,4.0
Good,5.0
Good,5.0
Good,4.0
Really happy with my purchase,5.0
High end Processing,5.0
