review,rating
"My first smartwatch. I think it has good value for money. For a low price of 2500 INR, I got a solid performer. I have had smartbands before, but they are like teasers for smartwatches. I wanted to have a proper smartwatch and decided to go with an Indian brand, since Indian brands like Noise and Boat have started making great products. I have to say, I am happy with my decision. The product is easy to use and setup. There have been no drops in connectivity since I have started using it. And most importantly, wearing it all day doesn't make me feel uncomfortable in anyway. It gives me a good track of what I need to know when I am working out and what to aim for. Now, I am really wondering, what is the value point for a smart watch? For 2500 INR I get features like heart rate monitoring, around 10 work out modes, calorie counter and notifications sync with my phone,  what else is really needed for a smart watch?",4.0
"Well, now that the product is in use since last almost a month, now I am in a state to write a review.Product looks good. But functions are not as expected. The response time to couple of seconds late. If you want to see the time, you can't see it instantly, rather you have to shake your hand a bit and after 2-3 seconds the time will flash. It's not convenient. So all the initial excitement of my son has gone. He doesn't wear it regularly now a days.Not good at this price point.",4.0
"The watch OS and the NoiseFit app are utter garbage.I will list some of the issues:1) Watch does not track heart rate 24/7 even though it has the option. It always shows my heart rate as 62 bpm unless I check it manually.2) Half of the time when I try to check the heart rate manually, the watch randomly crashes and restarts (losing some of the day's tracked data along the way)3) Don't even get me started about sports mode... It just doesn't started (maybe just for me, but that's a huge issue).4) The watch itself is half decent, but the watch OS and app make it worthless (for me).I do not care about the fancy features they tried to put (like music control) if they can't even get the basic features of the watch right.",1.0
"Like:External build - Comparable to that of IWatch. Premium feel is thereAccuracy is good.All common fitness features are available2799 is a very good price for a watch of this size displayGood choice of face displays.Batter backup is decent.Dislike:Display is not full. Only part of the dial contains display.Contrast is not very good.Touch can be better.Notifications has a limitation of reading only upto 70 characters.Only 5mts bluetooth range, gets easily disconnected, especially if there are walls in between.NoiseFit app is heavily consuming battery on my phone. It needs location/GPS services to be ON all the time.I tried for one day, and it consumed 74% of total battery consumption. It was a deal breaker for me as i dont want any thing on my phone that drains phone's battery. But app as such has good UI.No reset to factory settings option.",4.0
Previously i faced connection issue. Tgen i wrote to Noise and sent for exchange. They sent back the same device with full of scratches. With in 1 month now the screen displays like attached picture. Really i got disappointed with noise and my first worst experience with Amazon.I dont what to do this with device. Waste of money.... Complete loss.,1.0
"I guess it's hyped just coz it looks good and classy. But it doesn't work well.. I bought it few months back and haven't even used much. First of all, the automatic screen sensor stopped working after few days.. The walking steps doesn't count.. I've tried to track it with the app but the watch is not detecting any.. It worked fine in the initial days but now it's like.. I can only use it for seeing time and date. That, we can do in other better and cheap watches as well.Very disappointed. This was in my wish list from i don't know how long.. But now i don't even wear it..",2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Every thing is ok exept Bluetooth connection. Watch is disconnected each and every time.And it does not connect automatically have to search through app every time which is very irritating.",2.0
"A very VFM product that you can buy in this range. I like the details that are plotted on to the charts on the app. Especially with sleep tracking, giving the details about sleep quality and the start and stop time as well.The accuracy of this data is quite good too. I used to use another activity tracker prior to this and the step could calculation is much more streamlined on Noise compared to the other.Touch screen response is okay. Would have certainly loved if the touch screen responded to sweaty fingers too. If you are working out or jogging, it won't recognise your touch if the fingers are wet.Battery back up is good as well. This review is based on my 5 months of usage.",4.0
"Many write the pros. I'll list the cons only.Very less watch faces in comparison to honor band 5 which I purchased at same time.No social media alerts from MiUI 11 (Android 7 based).Now after 2 weeks is usage, the magnets in the unique charging point in the watch has come off. Dislodged from the watch. Not happy.SMS and call alerts are working.",2.0
"What I like :- Looks good- Feels good, comfortable on the skin- Reminds me to stay active when inactive for a while- Alarm function- Timer functionWhat needs to be improved:- Calories burnt calculation seems to be not accurate- The calories burnt during the workout isn't displayed on total energy spent on the main dial- While working out, you can't turn on the timer (not able to switch from the workout mode)- Sleep calculation is inaccurateMy main requirements being the ability to tell time, have a stopwatch function without using the phone, etc. it's good. But if you want the energy calculation to be accurate, I would not recommend this.",4.0
Overall watch looks good.Almost all Features are good for real time tracking.I had done its water resistant test in pool amd it found absolutely good.Only one major disadvantage of this watch is its battery life is not enough (just 3 days support) hence i need to charge it many times.,5.0
"If you are looking for an average smartwatch then noise colourfit Pro 2 is a good option . You get a lots of option like heart rate monitoring which is not that accurate and upto the expectations but not at all bad in the price you pay for watch , 24*7 activity tracking via dedicated app is a plus here but then come on not a fancy at all , sports mode check , fitness tracking check , sleep monitoring check , screen is a little less touch sensitive which is a minus , i have used the watch for more than two months now and yes all i can write is a good watch , battery life is 👍 , like i literally go like a week on full charge with a heavy usage , so yes a good watch in overall . Is overpriced 👎",3.0
"Horrible product. The app sucks and step count is beyond inaccurate. It doesn't count steps when disconnected from the app which happens more frequently than you realize. Amazfit is easy to use, go for it. India should ban noise products. All reviews on this have been misleading.",2.0
"I bought this watch a few months back. It is working perfectly and I have no problems with this. It's touch screen, sleep tracking, sports, alarm, etc are awesome. In many reviews I saw that they say that it is not working properly and blah blah..... Please do not agree with them. This is an awesome product. You should definitely buy this. Thanks to Amazon also that it delivered the proxy on the same day of ordering.",5.0
Not satisfied with Product quality as well interface ..!!,1.0
Good for the price and amount of money you are spending. A teenager would love this watch.Look and feel of the watch is good.The display is small. It's almost 60 to 70 percent of the total watch face or dial.Call notification works well you can see the name on the display it gives you a option to reject the call if you want.Touch is not as sensitive and responsive as you use in the mobile or a tab.Music control is a good feature and works well.Other features works well like Steps. Heart beat. Sleep quality but is subject to calibration buts keeps a record of them in your noisefit app.,3.0
"Excellent product  and excellent  customer services. My product got hanged some days back and after  online registration  of complain, my watch was picked by them and repaired  it at their workshop in Delhi and delivered back at my place with a 15 days . Excellent  services!",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It’s the best smart watch I have ever seen. Before this one, I had the MI smart band 4. And this watch is much better than MI smart band 4. It’s touchscreen doesn’t lag and whenever somebody sees this watch the first time, they have only one Question. “ Applewatch, right!” I love this product 💗",5.0
The step numbers are very small. We are senior citizens and can only read it with a magnifying glass. The connection with mobile doesn't always work smoothly. The hand flip to light the face doesn't always work. Amazon refused to take it back and only offered replacement which is no good for us.,1.0
"So I have used Honor Band 5 and Mi Band 3 and they are much better at being a fitness band as compared to this ( so called watch ). Doesn't track pulse properly at all, naps are not recorded. The app doesn't realise how to take smart average, if I am not wearing for 2 days of week it counts them in my avg sleep. Touch is bad too. Invest a bit more if you want a fitness watch or buy a band at this range.",2.0
I thought that this will be a great product and bought with great expectations. This is a huge dud from the company. The only positive I found is the build of the smartwatch.Cons:1. Low quality UI2. Not so great user-friendly Noisefit app3. Response time is very slow on the smartwatch,1.0
"After 7 months I writting my review about the watch as below:-1. Display and style is very good, it really win my heart2. Step counting completely wrong. Waste of money. Don't buy3. Calories burn completely wrong. Waste of money. Don't buy.I have tried reset the settings in app in intial days just to reconfirm, I might have entered wrong input but after using it for 6 months now, I only use it as a basic watch in my hand.",3.0
"Pairing the device is a big challenge.  Within three days i installed the app 10 times.Also the notifications are not happening all times.I was not happy, but Amazon is saying we can only exchange the product.  If the customer is not happy, then u should take back the product.  Don't insist him to use it once again the same new one.First impression is the best impression",2.0
"NOISE COLORFIT PRO 2AFTER USING THE WATCH FOR A WEEKThis is a very good product. It has various features . The watch can go for 7 days without charging. The look of this watch is very stylish . I can wear it as a sporty yet glamorous look .For people with thin wrists , it will fit just right . I , myself have a thin wrists and it fits me perfectly. The watch is very compatible with today's world.THINGS THAT WOULD MAKE THIS WATCH BETTER I do see the hours of sleep in my app but it would have been better if it was visible on the watch. It has minor glitching when you are shifting the screens . Other wise the touch screen is pretty good.SUGGESTION I would totally suggest to buy this watch. It is a great buy.",4.0
"Worst Product. The advertisement shows something else, actual watch is diffrent. The display is pathetic so as touch. Just like any other chinese watch",1.0
"The watch does not connect or notify whatsapp messages qnd calls  also GPS required to be turned on when using noise app. Overall, it just qualifies the designation of a plastic toy to check steps. Mi band is a better cheaper choice.",2.0
"Just today(24-July-2020) i got this product, as per the instructions i charged for 2hr, but still it didn’t work, when i was packing it back to return saw that fourth  button it’s having rust in it. This clearly shows defective product  are intentionally send to Customers. Can’t trust anymore",1.0
"I have been using this product for about 6 months, so far so good. noiseapp could have been developed better and mainly on Iphone it has synch issues,You can see the first line of each notification, but cant enter into the msg. To read the msg you need to use your phone battery backup is good. there are good and bad about this product here is the list.Good- Price, Looks, touch screen, battery backupBad-Step calculation and Heart rate reading is not accurate, mainly the Noise app on iphone is not good.",4.0
I have been using this from last 3 months. Watch face is durable and resistant to small scratches. Well built and serves the purpose. Liked about battery which is long lasting and apperence. Only suggestion is to increase the number of watch faces.,5.0
The app misbehaves often and step count suddenly reverts to an earlier status. Sleep is not accurately counted unless it is deep sleep. Bluetooth connection is often problematic. Additional features like blood pressure monitoring will be useful.,3.0
"This product is well packed and user manual is good. You cant connect with your smartphone directly with bluetooth. You need to download noisefit app for that and need to connect your watch. Connectivity is good. Fraction of seconds delay on notification. Display is good, feel is good. Looks is very good. SMS, like whats app, msg, facebook and other app notification you can see only. You can see the first line of each notification, but cant enter into the msg. To read the msg you need to use your phone(unless the msg is one liner).Heart rate monitor is closely correct. Step count is good. Sports mode is great. Real count of a cumulative of 3 steps. Alarm works well. Truly water proof.",4.0
I am a 12 years old guy. This watch is next level. I got this as my diwali gift and I would say that this is the best diwali gift I have ever received.Pros- Touch screen is super smooth.  Looks premium.  Watch faces are awesome.  Gives accurate measurements.Cons- Didn't find any.Conclusion- Highly recommended.,5.0
A very bad buy... Incorrect step and distance counts... Not sure if other things are calculated accurately... Had faced a lot of problems in getting call notifications started on the watch... Service center guys took the watch from me after a compliant saying they will replace it and then gave me the same piece again... No watch faces available now... Bought it in October 2020 and had to register 1 complaint every 30 to 40 days for some or the other issues,1.0
"Very worst product, after two weeks touch screen stop working, I had raised complaints they collected  the watch  af that no update. Also raised refund ticket but still it also not resolved. My suggestion do not trust this type of product, it's full wastage of money.",5.0
-Battery  backup is excellent.-Watch faces are not impressive.-There is no call received  option. As there call end option available.- if you used it as normal watch then battery  backup are 10-12 days.-allover it's good.,5.0
"Really disappointing of this product..Service Provider or Customer service is better than products..It's need to lots of improvement..Connection Issues every 1hr/2hr time laps,, Every time do pair & Unpair for fix this issue. But Really I'm not satisfied to this product..And its 1st time with Amazon. After replacing products have same issue,, that's why I decided to return this product.Thank you.🌚🥺",2.0
This product is good for use but the after buying with 5 months i faced problem with the charging port and went to noise for a replace as was under replacement term but the workshop people clamied that it is company policy that they dont give new peice they give the peice which is repaired and product is of another customer,2.0
This watch is KACRA please don't buy this product it is not worth fr 100/-Quality is worse none of the system works&amazon don't gives u the refund alsoSo pls don't go fr this product,1.0
"I don’t wanna blame Amazon, service is good as always.. This product is POS..! None of the monitors are working.. It’s a dead device in just 6 months.. And funny thing is, I need to manually sync the device to make sure that it shows time at latest.. lol.. Please refrain from buying this and wasting your money.. There are cheaper products on Amazon which works better than this",1.0
Watch is all okay.. No issues till now.. but the app for this watch which is Noisefit app is just worst.. it was good only for 2-3 days then it started creating problem.. my watch record my every activity but it didn't showed up in the app so many times. I do workout daily in 4 sessions so i want proper record and sometimes it doesn't show 2 or 3 sessions and some i lost the whole day activity.. i complained about that to the app costumer service on whatsapp. So they  came up with a temporary solution that is uninstall the app and reinstall. And when i did so in the middle of the day i lost all the data.. from app and watch too..,3.0
"I bought this product by looking the design..but later i cime to know this is not at all worth.its not at all calculating your steps and heart beat too..worrest product really.i want to send it back , but unfortunately i didn't find any Refund policy for this worrest Watch.The only best thing is charging will be long lasting..and if you want a stylish one,you can go a head..",1.0
"Review after 10 days usageSeemed waste of money at first but got an update in noise pro app and it just worked fine .1)Good connectivity, though notification are little late ( 1 second roughly)2)heart rate is good almost accurate, checked in parallel with medical device3) battery backup is great  almost just as they say 10 days battery Cons1) no spo22) though display is good but notifications and call alert seems not a eye catcher Overall don't go by the old reviews just buy the product  I bought it for2499",4.0
"Good looking, small dial, not suitable for man with big hands, no much features, just d basic, anyway what will u expect at this price,but ok for young kids,not for real men.",2.0
"The connectivity of smartwatch with smartphone is very poor. Once watch got disconnected from smartphone, we need to restart our phone to reconnect otherwise it will not connect. This process is very hectic. Another problem is that we have to on the mobile data, bluetooth, and location of the smartphone continuously to remain connected with the smartwatch while many other brands allows us to off mobile data and location but their smartwatch work properly. Therefore in my opinion, the purchase is waste of money. I strongly dislike the product.",1.0
"Decent build qualityAffordable priceBetter functionalityBelow average screen qualityAccesibilty/ Icons not that goodConnectivity issues (not that frequent, but its there )If you are looking for a smart watch to track the walking/running activity, Time and to get call/ message alerts you can definitely go for it .",4.0
"Amazon's delivery was excellent, as usual.The Noise Colorfit Pro 2 is a massive disappointment. The heart rate monitor is quite erratic; I've worn the watch tight and loose but can't figure out how to get it to work consistently. And, the sleep tracking is essentially non-existent.With the above two functions being so bad, I just can't trust any other information it supposedly gives.",2.0
Excellent Packaging Before time delivery many video shows it lacks a lot but if you update the firmware version it does not lack at all .. the best part is you can change the wallpaper of dial as well from official Noise app. The only major clawback is if you twist you hand to see the notification or timings it takes 3 seconds to react . No compromise on design and looks worth to buy very light in weigh just 35gms .. different color straps available in market.I best experience is IPV68 Water proof technology I worn and went on Bike Ride once I received it today and it was superb experience in total 5 star for water proof as even water on dial screen it reacted quickly while on low light or high lights .,5.0
This product not expectations. Disopinted noise company brand. Price may be R.s.2000 below blue tooth issue .not connecting properly and disconnected some times.u think price is high,2.0
Watch is good and user friendly. Touch screen is also soft and smooth. Themes for the watch are few but good. Connectivity is also good. I tried during swimming and GYM and its water resistant. There are different modes to track according to activity.,5.0
It's been a month or so. The product looks good but not as useful as I assumed it would be. One has to remember to switch on the modes everytime like walking/running etc so it doesn't automatically track. Also the heart rate isn't very accurate. Overall the design is quite nice and works very basic. Don't seem to get call notifications for some reason.The product developers can definitely work on the shortcomings so it's a seamless experience.,3.0
The best thing about the product is battery lifestep tracking is good (not the best)things you don't get is a perfect activity trackertotal calories burnt for a 2.45 km running and 2.45 km walking was the same that itcalculates calories burnet in case of distance and time taken instead of personalized way,3.0
"I was not expecting the product strap color to be a bright red color, and after wearing for a few days look what it did to my wrist ? It's just me or this is happening to others too",3.0
It is not worthy of 2799/-.....its battery back is just 1 day and as soon as battery level drop to around 85% it stops showing even the time and the screen looks like tv with burnt picture tube.And the worst thing is its noise fit app which will ask you to update it again n again.bluetooth connectivity is very poor..always asking for synchronise the watch. Not a product with this much price...it is worthy of 1000/- rs watch only.Don' buy it...go for a expensive one.,1.0
"The product is true value for money, works well with my samsung galaxy S7edge. Had a good influence of my life style. The battery life is awesome 8 to 10 days. The black one is good looking. Good starting point for a fitness influence gadget.",5.0
Rest everything is ok battery also super.But dial changing operations are only 4 or 5There should be atlest moreAnd one more thing- should be there call pickup and massage type options .,4.0
"I am using Color Fit pro2 Look of the watch is great but following are the issues:1. When I connect my Bluetooth headset my watch is getting disconnected. The same thing happens when I connect my car bluetooth. Even a Huawei band was working better than this.2. I am not able to use the music controls Please sort these issues.3. Call alert is enabled but the issue is that, even after attending the call my watch is vibratingI have complained this to Noise team but they are just ignoring. Pathetic service.",1.0
"The smart watch is not that great for this price. Touch is not that good. Look wise it's very good. Call notification didn't work even after application setting in phone. So had to replace but that also not working properly ,sometimes I am getting call notification and sometimes not",3.0
"Amazon cheated on me. I got a old, scratched item from amazon.Although its courier partner is good.I received the product with in 11 hours but found a broken , scratched item as you guys seen on these photographs.Please don’t buy this from amazon.Straps were found in broken conditions.When i switch on the watch .. i found 3-4 lines were shown on the screen. Firstly I thought its a design but in reality these are the display prob.Please don’t buy this from amazon.🙏🏻I have to return this item.",1.0
"PROs1. There are multiple watch faces to choose from & gallery photos too can be set as watch face, which is cool function2. ""Find my phone"" feature is handy3. Pedometer is largely accurate (but sometimes captures steps while driving car)4. Strap looks like made of silicone rubber so is comfortableCONs1. Display is not that bright, hence difficult to see time in broad sunlight2. Some additional features such as blood pressure monitoring or oxygen level checking should have been there3. There should have been button to receive call. It would be handy while driving.",4.0
"Ya it's working great and I liked it. The design and the colors available are also quite good, also the battery duration standby is too good. I hope Noise will come up with more and more products and more options within the smart watch like accepting the call, audio assist function like much more. Finally I was satisfied with this worth and looking for new versions too.",5.0
The colour looks damn good for my skin tone. I bought this to track my steps so that I don’t have to carry my cell phone while walking. Its accuracy is amazing. It even monitors heart rate. And also has a feature for women to track menstrual cycle which  helped me alot. We can even upload any pics we want as watch wallpaper ( sorry I don’t know the accurate word for it ) All in all go for it only for basic functions. Totally paisa wasool.,5.0
"This watch has helped me a lot when it comes to getting more healthy and fit. This is the first smartwatch I am using, and I must say that I am utilising it to the fullest. I am looking forward to a long journey with NOISE.",5.0
"This product looks good. Call alert and notification is not working for me.Hopeless sleep tracking,I am using Mi 4 also. It is betlst in its accuracy.Customer service of noise fit keep suggeting us to reinstall their app for better functioning.Hopeless service and product",1.0
"The product is good for the price it is being sold. Accuracy is 3.5/5, look wise 5/5, battery life 4/5, screen response 3/5 but the main problem is with the application. Whenever the watch is out of Bluetooth range and comes back again in range of mobile it does not get automatically paired with mobile. every time you have to reinstall the application from the play store and again pair it. because of this all the data is lost and count start from ""zero"".i will not recommend this watch because of the application problem and makers of app also don't bother about fixing the issue.Go for mi smartband or any other band but just don't go for this",4.0
"There is Nothing to DISLIKE in any product available from Noise, I need not to charge my watch 🤣, after every 18 hrs just like any other or apple or bla bla , It remains on your wrist more than 15days , charging is so quick that you could not even take a shower 🚿 properly and your watch is ready again for next 15 days, and need not to unwear it while sleeeping, bathing, biking, Running, Sweating !  Yes it VIBRATES but yes its #NOISE",5.0
Worst buy so far in Amazon and noise watch .. With in 1 month it’s not working .. The screen is off and blinking while I tried to Charge it... Worst Worst I bought it for 2999 .. Work product delivery by Amazon and worst watch is noise .. don’t buy it..,1.0
Good product. Works as expected.I have been using it for 3 months and it’s a good smartwatch to have.Comfortable strapsResponsive touchGood battery lifeAccurate details on steps and sleep pattern.I say go for it. It’s totally worth it.,5.0
The overall accuracy is not good screen refresh rate is not good in rupees 5000 it's not a value for money accuracy is literally not good disappointed by the sword but in looks 5 star some features very good some not good overall I want to say that it's good but not value for money.,2.0
"More than the product quality, this time Amazon after sales service disappointed me.Pathetic quality product, not even worth 1000 rupees.Its highly overpriced & is not as advertised. The heart rate does not work, its very slow & the touch does not even respond most of the time.There are glitches in the watch I received it gets switch off while checking heart rate.Also I got absolute absurd feedback from the customer care earlier they said that replacement can be done from different address but now they denied for the same and speaking.Do not buy this product, its a waste of money!",1.0
"It's an average watch. Honestly whatever reason you're buying it for, you can get easy alternatives in the same price or maybe 500rs more. The major drawback is it doesn't sync with any other app and it's very veryyyyy annoying. Wouldn't have bought it if I knew that. And the step tracking is also not very accurate, sometimes adds steps while you're moving fast in a car too. Do not buy this.",1.0
this watch is made for only those people who want it to show off as they are wearing apple watchstrap material 4/10display 8/10wallpaper and app interface 9/10pedeometer  5/10heart rate 5/10made in chinaoverall 6/10,3.0
"Its hardly 20 hour I'm using this smartwatch. I wore this continuously for last 20 hour,  I'm not feeling uncomfortable at all, it's very light weight, I got this for 2,999. The touch is not bad as compared to other reviews,  sleep and steps tracking is good, I loved the colour and its working very awesome, it also has cloud and the notification is well functioning, the pulse and oxygen saturation is functioning well.. I'm really very happy with this noise colorfit pro 2 smart wathch",5.0
"I have used the product for more than six months now here are the pros and cons. Good battery. Tracking accuracy is decent. Features are good- Watch storage is worst, it does not store more than a day, you have to make sure to sync everyday- Notification does not work always- Does not sync automatically.",3.0
The watch has stopped counting steps. It's only one month since I purchased the smartwatch. Touch screen is also slow to respond. I am absolutely disappointed. I would not recommend this product to anyone.,1.0
Amazing product for a beginner as it does almost everything that an expensive smart watch would with being pocket friendly. It's really a great watch ...apart from being accurate and awesome battery life.... It also looks great. People actually come n ask about it because looks great n pricier than it is.,4.0
this smart watches so amazing at this price point if you got in the Amazon prime day sale you will get in 2500 and at this price point this is the best watch but the brightness in the daytime is like little bit of issue because we can't see the time properly but yeah it's like amazing. and a request to Amazon to provide us case for protection of the dial of noise colorfit Pro 2 like and apple watch.,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Used product torn box no seal and used data visible in video",1.0
"From the day I have bought this product till today (6months and counting) I am having the same problem ie not getting notification (WhatsApp, email etc) on the dial. Have raised online complaint but that didn’t served the purpose, opted to visit the service centre but that also didn’t rectified the problem. Frustrated to the core, would appreciate if Noise team can get it touch and put this to end.",1.0
I am upset with this product because after exceeding 5 messages and 2 chats of whatsapp it's won't display text complete on screen. You will only get delete option for notifications. Graphics of this watch are not good. Sleeptracker don't work properly. It won't allow me to have customize watch face. Though in app this option available but it won't work.,2.0
"I think some R&D is required in the device.I was excited when got a first smartwatch (ColorFir Pro2), but in my experience got some observation and I would like to share with you all. Pls make sure before buying this product.1. Wrong measurement of heartbeat and footsteps, heartbeat showing in the air also.2. Device is disconnecting automatically.3. NoiceFit app and device is getting closed automatically when I tried to change the dial face.4. Other than it good like- Waterproof, display, touchscreen, looks, color, and quality.",4.0
In my opinion in this price range the smartwatch is best but if you have some more money in your budget you should go for Noise Colorfit Nav. But if you have a limited budget then go for it. This smartwatch is good.Some features that i like about this watch -:1 first of all the battery life is very good. One charge should last about 20 days with normal use.2 It's censors provide accurate hearthrate and sleep tracking.3 The chaging cable comes with magnet.,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Discount device Everytime, Bluetooth not Searching Noise Color fit Pro Device,Call notifications and Vibration on Watch  appear when you pick up the phone.",1.0
The watch doesn't connect seamlessly. It's more of burden having it.I followed all the steps to connect as mentioned in pamflet. Nope not the product it should be and it's price.,2.0
Look wise it's Good. But i think this product would be better usefull for Gym going ppl.For me it not that much usefull. It give a smart look on your wrist btw.It has All features Like Sleep tracking. Heart breath measure etc etc.It shows time as well.But with this you can't respond to call & text messages uh can only can reject.Battery life is good.over all uh can go for it. I like it but not get what i expected.,4.0
"This product is meant to be with every fitness freak..and a person who needs a smart watch but cannot afford very pricy products...NOISE is one such company that has always maintained its standard and is worth its price. This smartwatch keeps track of walks,run, my sleep and in fact my ovulating times! The watch looks amazing and makes you look smart with even less accessories! Gonna buy NOISE again!",5.0
It is a nice product with good features. Looks stylish and can wear on formal as well as on casual.But very much disappointed with the aftersale service. My strap got broken & I want a new one black color strap from last 3week it is out of  stock even not available on other online shopping platform. Because of strap I didn't wore my watch from 3 weeks. Kindly help to find black color strap.,2.0
This watch is very nice. I have been using it for two months under normal conditions and it is still as good as new except for a few scratches. The screen is good and has a fast response time. The features are amazing and useful. Totally go for it if you want a lit smartwatch for less money.,5.0
"Watch is good it's sleek as well good looking,only problem is sometimes the walking running tracking is not so accurateThere are less watch faces but they are good ones I think noisefit app should update their watch faces regularly as well as they should also improve their app compared to other watches appOverall I am happy with the watch if you want to buy a good looking smart fitness band and don't have budget this is the best option for you to go with.",5.0
"Firstly I was very obsessed to wear the watch on my wrist like it seemed to be the most valueable and precious gadget I have ever purchased. On moving towards the watch I personally recommend all the ios watch users to come and have a look at this ColorFit Pro 2 smart watch, whenever I used to wear it I strongly get attached to the Premium type watch feeling it gives to me. Yeah no doubt the watch is worth to it but small dissapointments I'm facing generally with the app and limited watch faces in the watch. I hope this would be fixed soon.Thank you!",5.0
"Feedback after one month use-Pathetic watch. Takes ages to connect to phone, data disappears suddenly and resets itself.If you follow all instructions to keep their app running in background, it eats up your phone battery at an alarming speed.Multiple times my step count shows as zero but activity tracker shows full duration of activity. Looks like I walked for 45 mins without taking a step.Horrible experience. Don't buy.",1.0
"I have monitored this watch for >24hrs, data was inaccurate, while sleeping it shows I took 840 steps. While operating Laptop for 1&1/2 hours it shows I took 81 steps. Sleep time was accurate.",1.0
"I can give better heart rate by checking my pulse than this watch,No Accurate Calories burn,No Accurate footsteps, Run, WalkNothing is Accurate.",2.0
Overall I like the product. Easy to handle and all the basic sports activities are covered. Comes with 1 year warranty. Easy to register. Touch screen is good and able to track all the necessary details.,5.0
"I bought it after looking at average ratings...however, lot of issue s with mobile apps... Not user friendly and many of the features not available. Synchronization is time consuming....Will not recommend to buy it...",1.0
It is not at all touchscreen..we can't set the time....no option for returning back to the icons....we can't pick or dial any call using this....not at all worth...won't recommend anyone to purchase this useless watch...,1.0
It's not good.it gets disconnected from the phone very easily and connecting again is a real headache.i m not able to get any what's app or mail notification.please read reviews before buying.,2.0
The product has some basic features regarding fitness tracking and heart beat tracking. Notifications are also shown but the interface is not very good. The watch has some bugs in itself and needs improvement on the software level.,2.0
"The watch and app are pathetic. When I bought the watch, all the fitness stats and notifications were working fine. After a couple of days, there was no sign of notifications. Even the readings were completely wrong.Heart rate monitor is so bad that, at the beginning of my workout it showed e.g 125 bpm and after 5 mins of cardio the readings on the watch dropped to 65 bpm!!!!Absolutely inconsistent and sheer waste of money. Highly disappointed!",1.0
"Likes>Good Looking>Steps counter is active ,I use only for this>wallpaper is good>Battery is goodDislikes>It needs internet to get connect>Sometimes app doesnt get updated with latest info",4.0
"This product have most simply (4) options no worth for this price, notification and call notification are very slow some times not working,, I try to return and refund but it's show there are no option only replacement,,Disappointed...",2.0
"Overall the display and bezels make for good contrast, especially in the Mist Grey colour. There are detachable straps that accompany Colorfit Pro 2. These straps are made up of silicone and feel quite comfortable even after wearing it for a long time. You don’t sweat much while wearing Colorfit Pro 2 which is an advantage to those wearing it in the gym or on the run.",5.0
"A big thank to Amazon for prompt delivery.  Regarding the watch, after so many comparison I finally went for this. Initially, the watch worked fine, but then suddenly while I was working out, it got restarted automatically and wiped out all my workout data.  Now, the touch screen when swiping from right to left is responding very poorly.  The App function is very poor.",3.0
I liked the product because it has a lot many features within the budget it was my first time buying a noise product and I did not expect such a great experience from noise moreover I also got a feedback call which ensures customer reviews I look forward to buy a noise product again. Even the app works better than some smartwatches app out there in this range. I hope this review helps many people.,5.0
"Initially it was found to be a good quality product, but after 10 days it started giving incorrect figures and at times, the figures gets deleted automatically. I don't know the reason for the same.Request you provide suggestions if any that I will need to follow.",5.0
"In starting i believed that its a nice product in pocket friendly price, but very soon i start regretting my decision as it doesn't support any third party strap bands. And walla after a month and a day it stopped working. And when i tried to charge the watch to attempt a reboot or something else, it just start vibrating continuously during charge and on screen i saw nothing, SERIOUSLY. Is there anychance for any kind of exchange at this point.",1.0
I didn't liked the lagging of the watch. Sometimes the touch doesn't work.Also it keeps getting disconnected if you are little far from the watch.The heart rate sensor is not accurateSometimes it tracks the sleep sometimes it not.And trust me it feels like you are using some cheep Chinese product,2.0
"Design looks good but foot steps , heart rate and calories are burnt showing completely inaccurate which means if I keep 10 steps it shows 60 steps more. I have replaced 2 watches already and experience is same with all the 3 watches. Really disappointed!!!",2.0
"For the price for what it is available, couldn't ask more of it.But the steps counts or the exercise tracking like cycling couldn't be better.All said, the supporting Android app can be improved as well. The watch disconnects very frequently and misses on the notifications to be notified.",4.0
"1. Alarm function doesn't operate.2. Music doesn't function even after connecting with smartphone.3. Call /sms notifications are not available as shown in advertisement.  There is NO RETURN POLICY, simply you can replace it with another piece of this fitness tracker. So, even after experiencing these shortcomings, customer service told that it can be replaced, cannot be returned. Wasted the money. So, think 10 times before ordering it.",1.0
"Good product but my suggestion is to buy the electronic devises in their official website or near by store, i replaced this product twice, 1st it was within 10 days got replacement from amazon and replaced product was also defect i registered complaint on noise official website and I got another product now there is no issues with the product, this is my experience, few may get good product don't know about others.",2.0
I have been using this product for last 20 dasy Worst softwear noisefit. This softwear doesnot run in mobile background. You wont received any msg and call alert.  You will have to go back and click agin on that noise fit app then youbwill receive alert for some time again the it will stop again. Over all noise pro 2 not comapatible with there softwear.  I have done big mistake to buy this product.  Be carefull.,1.0
"No doubt the smartwatch is good in features and has a responsive touch display, but the strap is not skin-friendly. It caused my wrist some kind of itching/allergy just after 2nd day. It was a horrible experience for me. I don't know what the strap material is but it is not 100% safe to skin.",2.0
It is not a smart watch. It tracks the activity wrong. I ran 5kms but noise recorded it as 7.8km apart from that it is annoying. Don't buy that otherwise I will be wasting your money. One more thing smartwatch can't be sold at such lower price I felt that. If it is not apple or samsung it is not smartwatchVery disappoint with the product,1.0
Worst product please don't buy.Go for amazefit or honor watch.Even mi band is better than this.I am regretting buying this product.8-10 watch face and all are worst.This watch has hanging problem.Display quality is very bad.Please don't buy.. never ever.,1.0
Prons:Build qualityDesignBatteryLight weightApp synchronizationCons:Limited watch faceTouch screenInterface,4.0
Quality of the product is nice. Battery tends to play its role very well. Feels light and waterproofing is okay for 3 to 5 min of shower. It would have been better if more Customization  was available to the watch faces.,4.0
"It has been a wonderful feeling to use this Noise product, it is truly noiseless :-)  . Battery life is amazing, accuracy is great. Touchscreen scope is made limited, nevertheless, it is worth the price. I appreciate its stylish design and feather like light weight.",5.0
"i like style and designonly negative i found, it record heart beat even im away from watch. so i think measurement is fake..rest is good. it can be priced around 2k.. i bought it for 3k..",5.0
"The watch is good with looks but if you r looking for a watch that can track your fitness needs , then this is not the rightful watch. The stock app NoiseFit pro sucks and I have started to use VeryFitPro app and is far more less problematic than the stock app like random disconnectivity and all.",4.0
"Mobile application is very slow. And I am not getting much watch faces. Only limited watch face is available in the application. Display is good one 👍. Touch screen also 👌.  But the application is worst one. But I loved the watch. And the main thing in that getting scratches, but there no screen protector for this noise, I am not satisfied in that. Atleast company can provide a single one also screen protector",5.0
"For 1month i have searched and researched a lot about smart watches with good features then i came to decision to buy Noise Colour Fit Pro 2. This i amazing product at this price range i bought it for Rs 2,499 and i think it is best at this price range with amazing themes and heart beat accuracy. I would personally recommend this product to buy.",5.0
Color fit 2 pro is a buget segment touch screen watch. The features in this watch such as sports mode and breathe mode is quite fasinating.For day to day purpose I generally use this watch and battery backup is upto 10 days and it charges 30% to 100% in less than one hour if you will use 2 ampere adapter for charging which you will commonly get in every phone of buget pocket friendly.,5.0
Recently I have lost my noice colorfit pro 2 charger. Right now I need charger. Please do needful to us.,4.0
"The color display is very good, and the band is comfortable to wear but its lack of customization options and poor UI prevents it from entering the category of smartwatches. Overall a good option for users who care about basic data and want heart rate tracking.",4.0
"One watch is working & paired well with android mobile & another is not computable with IPhone XR Hence wanted to return one of them, please advise how to return it",1.0
"It's a good looking smart watch at this price, but lot of scope for improvement.The main flaw I noticed is the call and message notifications not working as expected. Because it will need a Noise fit sport app to be working always in background in phone to stay in connected to phone. If the app is not opened the notification won't work. It's a pity.",4.0
I like everything in noise smart watch compared to mi band but there is no use of music control in this watch because it not works properlyEverything except music control is best at this price range and the company must give screen guard along with the watch because those available screen guards from online stores are not good .One thing is Amazon delivery service is good🙂,4.0
इस कीमत मे यह स्मार्टवाच अच्छी है ।लेकिन कुछ कमिया भी है वाच फेसेस ज्यादा नही है। हार्ट रेट सेंसर वाच उतातरने के बाद भी दिखाता है मालूम नही क्यों।स्टेप काउंटर बिकलुल करेक्ट होते है ।,4.0
"Watch is tracking good, but the app is poor, isn't syncing properly. If we want to progress in dashboard in mobile,then we wont see it. App needs to be improved, else this watch will be failed.",1.0
"This is just a digital watch not more than,  wrong heart rate it showing my heart rate 110 in normal conditions,It continue disconnected with phone,No alarm it's only vibrated,No proper notification come of my phone,You can not control volumes of music,It's price not more than 1000/-",1.0
Very poor quality product....don’t buy these kind of watches....and the main thing is it does not show the accurate data. After using it for some days this is just a piece of crap which shows you only time.,1.0
TIME DISPLAY DOES NOT STAY CONTINUOUSLY.  YOU NEED TO PRESS KEY TO CHECK.INSPITE OF THAT STAND BY  TIME IS NOT UPTO 1 MONTH AS CLAIMED,3.0
"A complete piece of crap. Does not track heart rate correctly (shows resting heart rate while doing intense workout) does not show sleep data. And even the pedometer is faulty. After having experienced Fitbit, honour fitness bands I thought of giving this a try. Huge mistake buying this",1.0
Extremely disappointed with the watch. I thought this is a new version and will be improvised but still there are lot of issues. Notifications doesn’t comes on the watch even after syncing every time. Please no one go with the Noise watches. Boult is much better than this.,1.0
"After 6 months of use its battery started draining very fast. Raised a complaints  to noise support and they are changing 2000 rs to get it repaired. they said warrenty is only covering software part,  no hardwar or battery is covered..its completely useless",2.0
the product is very light weight which make it very comfortable and its battery life is very nice and look is nice but from near its half screen looking so bad and if it has mor features so it is more useful and i want to work on it and change disply to scractch proof disply and big disply and add microphone and also feature of receiving phone.,4.0
Awesome product. I got the watch by previous Sunday and I fully charged by that day. Now it’s goin to 1 week. Now my battery is 20%.  Better battery life good touch screen. I connected my watch to my phone full time.  Then I got 7 days battery backup.Great product. Must buyThank you amazon and thank you NoiseFit for this beautiful product,5.0
"I ordered it for my niece and as soon as she saw the product she jumped in the joy. I am writing this review after using the product for almost 3 weeks, so far this watch is exceeding my expectations and my niece is so happy to use it. Such a value for money product, other brands like Fitbit etc. are so costly.",5.0
Excellent Watch simple and easy. Really 10 days battery as soon as i received and used for 8 days without charging and 39% battery still remaining,5.0
"Watch helps me to tack all my daily activities such as sleep tracking , step count etc.Display is good, reading messages and notifications are not upto the mark.Battery back up is awesome.I see a issue with bluetooth covergae and I see frequent disconnects  sometimes.Moreover application associated with this watch is not upto the mark..",5.0
"Great smart watch in affordable price. Its showing accurate data and all notifications from Whatsapp, email, facebook messenger, skype etc. Must buy if you are looking for smart watch in this price range.",5.0
Pros :A Great Budget Smart Watch. Good Performance. Battery lasts long. Fast charging.Cons: Its get disconnected again and again from the mobile app and stops receiving notifications.If you open the application in every 10 miniutes thn everything is fine. This may varry phone to phone. Mine is Redmi Note 7 pro.,5.0
"I have been using this watch from 3 days and really not happy for the functions and accuracy especially Bluetooth connection as it disconnect often, touch sense, and music controller is pathetic.",3.0
Nice product- Battery life is Good -using past two days-Touch screen also goodOnly 5 watch faces available-demeritwhatapp messege cannot read-demerit3sec Delay in notification/call-DemeritTouch screen is goodfunctions are GoodValue for moneystraps and over watch quality is good,5.0
Its an absolute stunner at this price . Amazing battery life. Been over two months since I started using this watch. Its definitely value for money. Sleep tracking and  touch screen are at par with any expensive watch available in market. Thoroughly loving the experience.,5.0
Product is good.. nice looking. But not much watch faces as compared to other products providing so many cloud watchfaces... Watch faces needs more..,4.0
PATHETIC!DO NOT BUY!! WORST DECISION!!!It detoriates day by day!1. It won't even pair now!2.Nor they reply on Whatsapp number they so gladly provided me with on this review reply on Play Store!3. No notifications4. No features as provided in details of the product.I wish there was some Negative rating!,1.0
"Hi i really like the fit, feel and the mobile app of the watch. Looks and feels premium.For the price of 2599 it has a lot of features in terms of sleep, steps and other sports tracking.",5.0
"Very much disappointed ☹️ with this product, watch look really bad and belt quality is very poor,it is like kids watch belt, not at all worth the money. I couldn't return also even if I'm not liking the watch I have keep the watch, think twice before ordering because return is not possible unless any damage is there",1.0
"This product is great for the gym freaks,gives all the details essential for daily tracking.Has a great battery life ,can run efficiently for 10 days .And there are many more great features in this watch.The app also works great with android devices,but faces some issues with ios devices. Overall a must have device in 2021.",5.0
I got it for 2799 during offer period. So you can say it's value for money. Nice look. Tracking sensor is perfect. Heart monitor also working perfect. But noise app need more improvements. Screen touch working well. Face detection working well.,5.0
"This is a good product, the only thing you need to take care of is the screen.. it gets scratched very easily.. so take care of that and the rest things are good",4.0
"Looses its bluetooth connection even though i gave all the permission to the noise fit app , app always ask for manual synchronisation , DND automatically gets activated no matter what the time is .Social media notification didn't show despite opting for full notification and alerts option. Call alert not working too.Please fix these bugs.",3.0
"In a budget of 2999rs, I can definately vouch for this project to be the best. Although it does have some minute problems like lift hand response time & whatsapp & call notifications but I won't mind that bcz it ain't an iWatch. Apart from these I don't find any issues with the watch & there is an option customisable face watch which I loved. Great product at this nominal price.",5.0
Product is good but taken one star away because of no return policy. Bought for my mother but she found it too big and bulky but couldn't return. Not meant for old people in my mother's view. Good for young folks.,4.0
I like the watch it help to track the walking running and heavy workout . I like if it also add additional activity sports like badminton Specially. Heart rate feature is also good. Alarm feature help you to get awake with little vibration mode it help u to wake up in calm manner and completely awake .,5.0
Not an excellent product but not bad aswell. I have have just used this for cycling so not too sure about other feature efficiency.,4.0
A nicce product value of  money .. but in sport mode  slelect bike mode it showing calories but not showing distance,4.0
The product is really good. I loved the color. The battery back up is is also nice. 8 days you don't your battery supports. I am satisfied with the product. Its really awesome.,5.0
Some time it doesn't show notificationsIts battery life for two weeksLooks wise premium👌Heart rate monitoring and its activities accuracy is perfectI love this watchMy brother also want this watch he liked its features and look& its come with the budget👍Must buy watch,4.0
"Pathetic quality product, not even worth 1000 rupees. Its highly overpriced & is not as advertised. Its very slow & the touch does not even respond most of the time.Do not buy this product, its a waste of money! Lots of glitches with this watch. Requested for the refund.  Dont purchase this because there is ɴᴏ ᴏᴘᴛɪᴏɴ ғᴏʀ ʀᴇғᴜɴᴅ. Poor Customer Service as well.",1.0
"Horrible product quality.The band is not skin friendly. After using this watch, I started getting headache may be because of the sensors they have used.The product is just good looking but not healthy",1.0
"It's a beautiful watch for which I have received multiple compliments. Easy to wear, smooth on wrist and it does what it says. Beautiful color and hence has gotten attention.",5.0
Look is perfect but functions like touch silence call is missing. Frequently disconnected with mobile app,3.0
The Battery life is amazing along with full usage upto 10days. The sports mode is also equally very good in tracking the steps and calories burnt. But the application is not very appealing.. could improve in the App part alone.,4.0
"After using for 4 months , I am here to write a review. This product is well packed and user manual is good. You cant connect with your smartphone directly with bluetooth. You need to download noisefit app for that and need to connect your watch. I will must say that the device is pretty good. Happy that bought this product. Thanks to Noise and Amazon.",5.0
I intended to buy this as a pure smart watch and not as a fitness tracker. It does its job. Only drawback is it does not detect non English or unicode characters and emojis,5.0
Very good product.....I sow couple of Videos which says that this product does not have very good touch...but after using it more then 3 months I didn’t feel that....It just the battery backup is not very good....you need to recharge it every alternately days if you are using it 24 hours.,5.0
This device doesn't capture the total step count for previous day's if you haven't logged an activity.I have used Redmi & Fitbit and their apps capture your historic step count that you can revisit.The product is flimsy. Redmi is better at the same price,1.0
"Good deal in 3500/- but the app support is very dull. It keeps disconnecting again and again, then I need to reopen the app on phone and reconnect it.Accuracy is 70-75%, Built quality is good.",4.0
"Bought Colorfit Pro 2 a few weeks back. And I am very happy with what I got. I really love this watch and wear it everyday. Its syncs instantly with my android phone and have no problems whatsoever with this smart watch. Battery life is great.Starting my gym hopefully tomorrow, so will c how it works as a fitness watch. But I am very confident with the performance it is giving till now.I highly recommend this watch.",5.0
Compatible with iPhone tooNeed more updates for faces,5.0
"Liked the basic features of the watch.Like walk tracker, sleep tracker, heartbeat rate etc. Performance and sensitivity is excellent. However There could have been more features added.",5.0
It's look is cheap and quality is not according to price. Very disheartened buying this product. Please please please don't buy it. It's appearance is totally different from given images. Tried my best to return this product but not succeed. Just waste of money. I also tried to replace it still that is also not possible,1.0
"No words to say , pathetic watch. Always diconnects and screen become blank many timesAnd restart my mobile agai anad again to connect the watch . I have replaced the watch once and now facing problem again.",1.0
"I'm using this product since 3 months. Notifications, foot tracking, brightness of screen, performance wise really good. Compared to Google's fit app, accuracy is good. I almost charge it one time in 10 days.Overall performance in this price 4.5/5Accuracy 4/5Battery life 5/5Touch screen 4/5Notification window layout 4/5Different dial availability 3.5/5",5.0
This product is too good and the it is havong features like sleep tarcking and the touch of this watch is also good but this is like a fitness watch. The app requires some more updates for the watch and it should also add the sp02 function to this watch updates,5.0
Not one thing is accurate with this. Complete waste of money. Garbage product. Touch screen is not quite responsive. And kudos to Amazon for not taking the returns.Money drained down the gutter.,1.0
I like it by look. But it dose not give perfect accuracy many times.. It can check heart rate of every thing even iron or wood.. that is too funny.. heart rate fails every time.. charger is very week.. chargers magnetis pin is so week.. mine was stucking inside every time..and most important thing.. i m not so satisfied of Watch Faces (DIAL),3.0
The product has been performing well except for the fact that the sports mode sometimes doesn’t work from the watch. I have to activate it from the app on my phone.,5.0
"It is an amazing productIf you are buying this type of watch, first time, this is the best product for the beginners.It has a could touch screen and the accuracy is also very goodPlease go for this product if you are a bigginer.",4.0
"2 months had completed and this product was amazing,  some time it won't connect to the phone that was a rare case, and notifications like call, msgs are also fine. The only suggestion Iam giving is to make an update to receive calls. If this feature will be there means no need to take phone in to The hands.. 😊😊",4.0
"This product is well packed and user manual is good. You cant connect with your smartphone directly with bluetooth. You need to download noisefit app for that and need to connect your watch. Connectivity is good. Fraction of seconds delay on notification. Display is good, feel is good. Looks is very good.",4.0
Worse product I have ever purchase in my whole life. This watch show heart rate 180 bpm. Pathetic service provide when I have complaint against the issue they want to resolve their defect by mail only n without resolving the issue they closed my complain. Genuinely saying plz never ever buy this brand product.,1.0
Not satisfied.After 20 days software related issues crop up. Sports activity page is gone. Want to return but now cant due to time gone,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Excellent product,fully satisfied with features and performance.",5.0
"Fits my daily need, don't go with lighter color band, it gets stain easily.. Watch face customizing is good better have a few more faces.. Everything else good",4.0
The touch screen is very laggy and does not respond to touch most of the times. Switching between menus is very very slow. The price point is very high for such a buggy watch. I don't recommend to buy this watch.,3.0
"Don't  buy this  product, I am using this watch from last six month, feel like made a big mistake. Not a single activity tracking you can trust.Also, facing numerous issues like disconnection, device not found, lack phone notification etc.Think twice before purchase!!!",1.0
"Doesn't have facilities of spo2,bp, and many more. Boat is very good in this price range",1.0
The watch looks great in pics but in real it’s not that great for the money. Thick bezels and the screen real estate is smaller than expected. Not completely satisfied. Add some more bucks and get decent one,3.0
Cokor is red of the product unlike as shown,3.0
"This watch is very good, as per my personal experience it's been 2 days and I am finding this watch nice rest I believe money is also justified compared to other stuff available in health tracking device. Good screen good finish overall nice products rest it's depends how it's work in future.",5.0
Looks goodDoes not record steps with accuracy. I estimate it records at least 10% lesser steps than actual.Limited choice of watch faces. This should be so easy to fix and can be such a great additive to customer experience.,3.0
"The watch is looks superb. I have walked a good 3 km but it showed it as only 800 metrs. Only 4 screen faces available, while MI band 4 has option to change screen faces at very cheap price.",3.0
Good smart watch at this segment. Very much satisfied with the product. Only thing is that the app need to be improved. And a minimum number of watch faces. That need to increased. Other than that it is a good product.,5.0
More than satisfied with the purchase. Though has some connectivity or call notification issues but overall happy.,5.0
For this price we are getting better smartwatch from other brands .as it mentions made in India but I found on carton box as made in china,2.0
Overall product is gud...Nice design looks like a apple watchBattery backup is gudMainly disadvantage is its connectivity...Every time u hv 2 set a time format for 12 hours...,4.0
It is an awesome product. We can get all call alert and notification by running the noisefit app in background. It is very easy to use and handle,5.0
"The brilliant 1.3"" colour display full capacitive touch, supporting taps and swipes, so it is easy to read and operate. The strong polycarbonate case makes the ColorFit Pro 2 featherlight on your wrist . 24x7 heart rate monitoring with the built in optical HR monitor that measures your heart rate every five minutes.",5.0
"I’m dr arunprakash, I’m using I watch series4, for my wife I purchased it, when we both tie and go outside nobody found its noise watch , all are thinking it’s apple I watch, for walking it’s very useful, showing kms, steps, calorie burnt, awesome for this price.",5.0
amazing product just go for it. don't think about negative reviews. if some one dont know how to use then they just put bad reviews. so just chill n go for this product. thx amezone .,5.0
I have connected my watch with my smartphone but I couldn't get call alerts......I got call alert only for a day since after that j didn't receive call alert.i have also checked about notification settings but still not working 😔 do something about it,3.0
I liked this product from Amazon . But from last five days it stopped charging.i am unable to understand the reason for it. Please advise how to correct it. Is there any service centers available in Kolkata. Or what's the warrenty period of this product,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It tracking my sleeping hours and minutes tooAnd also mobile app also very easy to use and very accessibleAnd touch screen of this watch was pretty well and smooth",5.0
The product doesn't have customisation option for Time and few other settings. Even after Syncing with the App the Time doesn't stay Synced. All time Display on feature is also missing.,3.0
"Screen guard should give in the box...We can't realy from others... Whatever is charge u take.. Because what  you  will give, it will be accurate but in others size may be different...If possible please send details which one guard will be a good for this...Thanks....",5.0
"This is my 1st smart watch. I have purchased it in june, and from november error ocurred . Error picture added. Device is unable to connect.I want to return/replace it. I raise a ticket on the Noise App. Lets see, what happend.",3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Display Good looking, but app is not satisfied to compair with Redmi fit app, not showing sleeping track and unable to share tooo our straps etc..",2.0
"Product is really worth every penny. Have been using it since sometime and it has been a good companion. Operating and safety of the product is good in this price segment. Even the accuracy is better then other watches, it's not completely accurate but you it's just a minor thing.",5.0
"The product is not working properly and wanted to return in 10 days but not getting the option on 9th aug when the product was delivered on 31st July . The return option gives the message as the window closed on 8tn aug, not sure how the window is closed on 9th day. Very disappointed with Amazon return service option",1.0
Beautiful gadget with latest technology. It helps to teace your all day activity and very easy to synchronise with your phone.,5.0
The watch is really good and tracks the activities really nicely. The touch is bit slow but I would recommend this watch to anyone who is looking for a smart watch in this price range. It's worth buying!,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   As per the price the product is averageAs the sleep tracking is not as perfect as I though it would beThe one thing I like about this watch is the battery life ... As the battery life is totally amazingThe silicon band totally fits my wrist",3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It is a very amazing product In budget . I found this helpful in many ways . It can be chargeable upto 10 days battery life. Many functions in this watch. I think it is better than expensive smartwatches. I like it to much",5.0
It has almost 70% of smart watch featuresMuct butDon't expect apple watch features or samsung galaxy watch featuresThis watch is good at its price rangIn short paisa vasool,4.0
Only thing m not satisfied that whenever notification arrived on screen n next time u will turn on your watch it will show Same notification its irritating...like its not hiding automatically,5.0
"Of course you can’t compare it to an Apple Watch but with whatever functions and features and his has, it’s definitely a steal for this price.",4.0
The touch screen of the watch is a little slow and it lags when you scroll down. Otherwise its a perfect purchase for a digital watch. The battery is amazing and lasts for 7-10 days even after full usage of the watch. It even looks good fashion wise.,4.0
Waste of money i wish i could give - rating please do not buy such kind of fraud product. Notification not working.fraudsters. Want my money back take your bin back.,1.0
accuracy is good. touch screen I find it a bit glitchy as sometimes it doesn’t respond correctly.battery life is a but disappointing as it is not that much as it was showcased.there is also a problem with gmail notifications as it doesn’t get notified in the watch.apart from that it is reasonable product for this amount.,4.0
Total misguiding about color.. Shown color is different and sending color is different. Its red in colour but brownish was shown in image,1.0
Not connecting properly. Wile it is on table also it is showing step count and calories.not working properly no accuracy.,1.0
Good one. Touch options are less. Good looking and battery life is good. Display is fine. Need to have more options,5.0
Looks cheap. Instead you can buy a branded quartz watch. Less and low quality dial images. No mic. Can't text or make a call.,3.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Nice product, aftering received one time charged n almost 15 days has completed but still 50% battery is showing.BP monitor : 70-80% AccuracySteps count 60-70%Breath : I have not comparedDisadvantages : always noise fit app has to open other wise it will not connect to phone",4.0
Product is good. Packing is really bad and there is no user manual.After using for 10 days i noticed it just count when i move my on arm which have watch on. Its really bad this for price that a smart watch doesn’t work as smart watch,1.0
Overall it’s a nice watchIt’s touch is a bit slow and very tiny fontAlso most of its measurements are inaccurateJust keeping it for its good looks,4.0
"It's a good fitness watch, sleep tracking to be improved. But Noise App is not that good (especially while entering date of birth, no provision is given to select Year)",5.0
"It's Preety accurate with steps , sleep tracking..for womens menstruation..it will tell you exact date. But when I tried to change the watch face using the noisefit app it didn't work and also the touch screen is a little slow!! Over all I like it..preety good deal at such Price!!!",4.0
Pathetic....waste of money💰...there in no option to set date n time....n app is worst... doesn't get connected with the product....there is no qr code available n wid Bluetooth it doesn't get connected....waste....need to upgrade much more....noise app is just waste...no use....,1.0
Delay is there while operating. Application in phone is not getting connected to the watch most of times. It will connect only after trying 100 times. I can't login through the application also.,1.0
"Smart watch, nice look & feel. Good battery backup & smart charging",5.0
Touch screen have to be updated for user interface .. unlike other factor every thing is good.,5.0
Everything is really good in the watch and it looks amazing too but the app doesn't work at times that causes syncing problems in the watch. Its battery backup is good. And touch screen also works well,4.0
Very good battery capacity with affordable price. Thank you amazone for fast delivery 🙂Only call notification available.  And music control.  Can’t connect with headphones like Apple Watch.  Otherwise everything great.,4.0
"It's nice fancy smart watch,good in step count, calories & most important is good battery (14 days in one time full charging)One thing dislike is battery consumption increases when wrist censor is on",3.0
"It is a bright red color, not as shown in the picture.... Other than that, it works like a charm!!",5.0
Writing review after 1 year still in good condition my hubby is happy with itBest smart watch to buyRecommended to all,4.0
"A perfect product at this price range! but it does satisfy when it comes to connectivity issues,hope so they provide software updates to enhance the connectivity problem between mobile and watch.overall a must buy budget smartwatch within the 3k range.",4.0
No mobile call notifications.Nor I am allowed to return it.,1.0
If someone is looking for smart watch please you can go for this.I will say you must buy and try noise watch.,5.0
Touch like hot knife in butter..Accuracy is average..mean okBest watch for styling and for fitness tracker...Worthy in this price range,5.0
"Tried to copy Apple watch but failed badly. Small screen, gets frequently disconnected. Irritating to pair again and again. Not value for money. Please don't purchase.",1.0
Watch Noise ColorFit2 its amazing watching do not think 2time to have it . Its help me to count how much calorie burn while doing Home workout. 👍🏻,5.0
To be frank waste of money...i didnt like any features ..screen size is very small and unfriendly watch...pls dont buy 😔,1.0
Built quality of this product is elegant and it has a lot of unique features. It has various useful sensors. Oxygen rate sensor is missing. Phone call receiving feature is missing.,5.0
"Works as expected. Not really sure about the sleep track as I tried it for 2 3 days in the beginning only. Everything else works perfectly fine and the look of the watch is also premium. There were few bugs earlier, but they have been resolved with recent updates.",5.0
"Not worthy fr price paid, spo2 is missing which is avaliable in basic smart watches",3.0
"Received the watch today only so I can review only on the looks.After using it some days, I will review about the performance.",4.0
Overall good and works fine. Bluetooth connectivity is difficult at times. Other features ae working fine. Battery life will be around 5-6 days with continuous usage.,3.0
"It doesn't monitor heart rate properly,  sports option isn't working properly as well neither sleep monitoring is goodIm not able to return back this productIts only showing exchange option for the same product",1.0
Don’t have oxymeter or BP monitor which was available in the first colorfit pro. So this is not an upgrade on features but just an upgrade of touchscreen and user interface.,4.0
I have both the previous version and the touchscreen one.The watch is very good compared to the prices.Customer support is amazing. I had an issue with my previous watch. They replaced it altogether without any questions.,5.0
I like the watch the design is really good..but Bluetooth connection is not good you have to keep checking if the phone is connected or not also i got grey color which used to look very attractive in starting but after a month it's looking dull.  so I would say better don't buy grey if you're going to wear it on daily basis,4.0
It’s not a disappointment really happy with the look and the functions worthy of the money spent.,4.0
Have been using it since Dec 2020. Quite happy with the purchase.,5.0
"I use the watch mainly for my cycle riding activity and call monitoring while riding.. i found the watch extremely useful.. it is very light in weight, excellent accuracy‌, battery life approx 8-10 days..All in all, very happy...",5.0
Not a original one and not working properly.Bluetooth connectivity does not work even after downloading the noise aap. When I matched with original one it's some how different from that and noise logo is also missing on the strip.,1.0
No star given as price is too high with less features..Normal watch..Build qwality is too low so i return watch within 1 hr of deliver...as my point of view not Better..special thanks to amazon & captial float team For return My money back.,1.0
"This is the perfect smart watch. I have used it for over 2 months now. And I haven't faced any issues as of now. The touch, battery backup, and all other features work so well.  Just go for it without any second thought.",5.0
"Everything is damn good in this watchOne thing that I dislike the most is its music control is not cool as mi band 4 , even this doesn't show volume control panel and many apps notifications is not availableHope you guys are working on it...Update these drawbacks that person worth for it...",4.0
"There is some glitch in this watch after unpairing one time if I pair again then I don't receive any whatsapp notification.In this situation,I uninstall and then again install the noise app and pair again . Then I receive the notification of whatsapp.",4.0
"I didn't liked it, if purchased its difficult to return as in option they show only replacement, I called customer care said cant return only replace,,i am waiting when shall they will call me to return, be careful while purchasing as returning policy is difficult",1.0
The phone is really good. The look is sleek and nice. But unfortunately it is not showing WhatsApp and mail notifications as promised. Only call notifications are highlighted.Touch of the screen is not that good. But Better for the price money we pay..,2.0
Nice product but want  some more features. And difficult to operates. Color and weight  is very good . Overall OK with this watch/product.,3.0
It’s been few months I have been using this watch and it’s really nice as well as convenient for daily usage. I recommend everyone who are interested in smart watch for fitness would go for Noise Colorfit Pro 2😍,5.0
Loved this elegant smartwatch... Color is so classic and its function are really good.. So easy to use and Comfortable to wear.. Good fitness band + watch at this price,5.0
build quality of this watch is good. looks cool on wrist. not any tracker is accurate of this watch. i think price is more extra according to its features.only one thing is good. it looks so cool...,1.0
Nice watch,4.0
The display is very cheap no any updates all the icons are same as usual,1.0
Good product in this budget... Good touch screen... Modes are.. Sometimes occur difficulty to learn other feature of it.,4.0
It would have been more good if more sports tracking like cricket and dadminton etc. And heart accuracy is gud. Even though the smart watch is not wrapped to hand it shows some value. That would be corrected,4.0
Nothing as expected,3.0
Worst smart watch ever... Automatically disconnects from noise app in phone and no msg and call notifications... Sleep accuracy is worst.Hate it. And now i cant even return it.. only replace option available. Hate u amazon for selling such worst things.,1.0
"Such a great smart watch ,which can help you to monitor all the day to day activities like steps count, calories burn, cycling, running.It is also reminds you to take activity like deep breath inhale and exhale.Satisfied with product in this price range.",5.0
Worst product I had ever ordered on Amazon as within 1 month it has stopped working and there are no service centres to repair or. On complaining online for repair they are repeatedly closing my request and not repairing the product. Please help if any one can,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Tracks Heart Rate of a Sofa. Nothing short of ""Magical""",1.0
I am using this watch from last one week overall it's good but sleep tracking it's not functioning well even distance it's not good and have to sync my watch every hour i dont know why ?,4.0
It doesn't support Google fit nor thunderprod app.,1.0
Noise colorfit pro 2 smart watch is simply of premium quality also It connects with noisefit sport application. Recommended to go for lamination on screen instead of screen guard as it is not available in the market with proper size.,5.0
"I loved the product, it’s wonderful to keep my fitness record also this band keep sending me reminders to complete my goals task. It also tells me my heart rate and sleeping schedule.",5.0
"Continuesly Disconnecting., utilization is not proper as it is continuesly disconnected. Notifications not working properly like Whatsapp alert, call alert, sms alert.",1.0
I've been using it since last 2-3 months. Battery backup is excellent. Overall experience is great.,5.0
"Overall product and performance is good & awesome but one major drawback i.e, when ever I connected Bluetooth in those devices while that time mobile charge was automatically decreased and Cal's connected in very short range.",5.0
"It was really a great one with all its features. It's found to be a good one, in market that adapts for everyone.",4.0
"Look wise this product is good, but tracking system is completely inaccurate.Steps, Heartrate, sleep, every feature is showing wrong data as of now.",2.0
Watch was perfect all the features of watch was awesome,5.0
"Hangs often, worst watch for fitness.. inaccurate information...just wear it for fun...no real use",1.0
This is an average product. If you are not a fitness freak then this may work for you.,3.0
1.Battery not 10 days only 2 to 3 days2.Touch not working properly3. No Accuracy4. No return only replacement5.Not worth for money6. Try some other products and don't go this buyer.,1.0
"Features are not working,only watch we can see  and notifications are not coming.plz don't buy ths waste of money",1.0
"this watch is fake i ordered and i am very angry any feature doesn,t work properly time changeing system is not in this watch i have returned this but no one came to take this i just lost my 3000ruppees",1.0
The Noise Colorfit is a good smartwatch but there is a issue that is doesnt show day ..lt only shows date.Else all good.,5.0
I liked Noise Colour fit pro 2 Smart Watch The Feature are Awesome in It,5.0
"Don't buy noise fit smart watchs all models are same issue repeatedly disconnected not showing notifications, noise fit aap draining phone battery very quickly",1.0
"Hi, I am using this product since 4months. It really nice once. You can view your all mobile app notification, sleeping track, heart beat etc.Really nice battery backup and touch screen.",5.0
Like the overall look and feel of it. Notification and rejecting calls come in handy.,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Instead of wasting money on other product do invest it on noise watch ...awesome product accurate tracing and battery life is also good.Far more better than first copy iWatch.",5.0
Its perfect but we cannot pick the call.,5.0
Unable to get call notifications and some times the other notifications are also stopped when stepped into another room despite of phone being with in 50 metre range,1.0
Very much disappointed.... coz i was very excited to receive it but when i got defective piece all my happiness disappeared... I couldn’t attach the straps as the connectors are of different sizes... one is normal other one is of bigger size which i m sure has been changed by someone...,3.0
"It's not worth it .No doubt it's got that classy look and touch screen features.No proper track of activities,sleep and data synchronisation.The company dosent support the features and tracking well.",3.0
Yes.. I liked very much this watch.. and I have given the suggestion to all my friends to purchase this lovely watch.. I love the features and design too...I want to purchase another colour belt for my watch .,5.0
"Well..I got the grey colour product delivered yesterday.The product is really good and worth the money.  Issue like getting pairing disconnected mentioned in few reviews was not found.. Step tracking, sleep monitoring, etc are good.",5.0
"यह स्मार्ट घड़ी वॉटरप्रॉफ नही है क्योंकि जब मैने इसको पानी से धोया तो इस स्मार्ट घड़ी में पानी चला गया और डिस्प्ले काम नहीं कर रही , मुझे इस घड़ी को खरीदे सात दिन हुए हैं।",1.0
"Sleep tracking is not always correct, otherwise good buy!",5.0
Call notification doesn't work. Worst seller please don't buy it,1.0
"Nice product, I liked it.",5.0
Watch  mining,1.0
I have used other brand watches as well but this is a very nice watch. Have multiple sports modes and watch faces. Step and calorie count is accurate.,5.0
"Brought it in last dec , But after some months screen stopped working , complained to customer care and got a response by email , But no Repair done yet and no calls from themWaste of money , I dont suggest this to buy",1.0
Nice design but not too good features,3.0
I got yesterday this ....still I didn't used ..but it is showing 3 Cal burnt ...waste of money not accurate ....pls don't buy and also no return for this product ....pls don't waste money,1.0
Its a nice watch gud quality. Belt quality is super.Actually it looks like apple watch.I have purchased this in a offer. Thanks to amazon.,4.0
This is truly a smartwatch to go for it's affordable user-friendly and i believe customer service is helpful just go for it.,5.0
"Worst product i was received from Amazon.Very poor connection issue, lot of trouble in notifications.Felt like cheated, total waste of money.Please do not use this product.Amazon people also not helping.",1.0
Compare to mi fit band only difference is model but every thing is same not more than 5 future in this product only showing purpose we can wear.,1.0
The product is worth the money which I paid...I bought grey colour bcz it just goes smooth with whatever outfit I wear..Sometime there is an minute issue with blutooth connectivity but apart from this the watch is perfect..,5.0
"TOUCH RESPONSE VERY POOR,QUALITY IS  AVERGE ,ITS WORTHLESS PRODUCT,PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR  MONEY. SOME 1000/- RUPEES WATCHES ARE  EVEN BETTER THEN THIS",1.0
"Im writing this review after 2 months, i bought same both piece same day, I loved the battery life..... Upto 40 daysTouch screen is also good liked the product very much, value for the money",5.0
Best buy in this price,4.0
"Perfect product , don’t listen to otherBuyers cause they are used to costly watches superbI love itBattery backup is wonderfulFast chargingAccurate readingsAnd delightful interferenceIf you want to buy itDon’t think and buy it",5.0
Very good watch for the price. Worth the priceFeatures are good. Design is very good and minute things have been taken care. Interface and app are also easy to configure and use. Watch looks goood.,4.0
I like the product. It's seems like I have my own personal assistant who remind me almost everything from health to messages & calls. I just loved it.,5.0
"The important problem is I don’t get WhatsApp notifications in the watch, only text messages. And also when sliding to left and right screen clarity reduces.. I’m connecting to iPhone not android",3.0
"Superb watch and it's having amazing features, it's showing good accuracy and no  doubt in that, it will worth for that price..Built quality and built strap is looking so good and watch is totally made by polycarbonate.",5.0
"Initially I had connection problem, i raised a request for repair and Noise team responded very quickly and did pick and drop for repair. Now it's perfectly working.",5.0
Worst material quality ....the paint peels within a 14days i can't return it bcoz return window has closed  worst watch for 4k .... Don't go for it,1.0
The Watch Bluetooth disconnects after a short while of connecting with the Noist Fit App and so notification of calls messages cant be notified other than that the produt is good enough to handle with a bigger screen.,4.0
"The watch is pretty nice, have been using it for a while now, Haven't faced any serious issue till now, however I've faced several issues with the noise fit app.",5.0
"These is very good product which I am using first time but there is a little bit of technical problems some times it is not recognising calls from phone and features are very good like messages,steps, heart beat etc,.",5.0
I like the watch but it should be a full screen display and the one more problem is we cannot pick the call which is a big problem hope that this problem get solve soon and in future we would get a call picking option,4.0
"Noise colorfit pro 2 is a very good product,Looks very nice, good colour, the only problem I found is respond of watch on tilting is bit slow, otherwise product is very good & so given 4 star.",4.0
"Product is nice ,works perfectly and most importantly battery life is amazingBattery once charged works almost 7-10 daysEverything is fine but display is small .",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Sleep tracking is not that perfect. But step and pulse monitoring are much better. If Navigation option is there means, it will be one of the best smartwatch.",4.0
"The official noise app is way too slow and the notifications are not properly delivered to the watch through those... Rest the watch is worth the money!Sports mode, heart rate and sleep moniter work well.",4.0
Why do you promote Chinese products with made in India..Country of origin is china..Quality is not that great,1.0
The step counts suddenly disappear on the watch and becomes zero again. Even after waking 4000 steps suddenly the step count reduced to 100 something. How to resolve this issue?,3.0
Worst product I have it's not functioning like a smart watch connectivity is very poor and tracking is also not accurate I wanted to return the product and tried many a times but Amazon always says to replace the product pathetic response.,1.0
Fantastic Watch I like its touch display and smooth watch .. Gives Premium Look..,5.0
Good one. U can try this.,4.0
this product worked for 1 day but it stopped working and on its screen i was able to see a green arrow. I charged it for 1 whole day but it gave no response. No one dropped it. It has got 1 year warranty please exchange it.,1.0
"Noise watch is excellent product, Battery back is very nice and overall feature are helpful to use and track helth.Suggestion: If possible please add option to set back ground wallpaper as per user choise.",5.0
Sleeping tracking works only if i wear it & sleep. But I'm not comfortable wearing it. It shud b linked to mobile activities bcoz its anyways connected to bluetoothBattery life is awesome,3.0
Already not working. Not even 1 month old. Kharab hon gaya hain within 1 month.,1.0
"Erratic reading. Chinese origine cheap product, sold in Indian market at very high price. Rohit Sharma should rethink about endorsing this product. He shouldn't be brand ambassador any more of this Chinese origin product.",1.0
"Superb watch in this rate i got it just for 2499rs. And i am very satisfied with this product,thanku amazon but the delivery disappointed me.because i have prime membership then also my product was delivery after 6 days.",5.0
Do not buy this. Waste of money. It is better to buy boat storm smartwatch. It has better features than this and is cheaper and worthier. Dont go for this watch. It is not good.,1.0
Very good,5.0
Pros:-1) Good battery backup2) smooth touchCons:-1) wrong tracking2) mobile application connection issue,3.0
"Received faulty piece twice. Replaced it first time, but second time also there is issue with the product. Now the return window is closed. Do not buy",1.0
The thing I liked about this product was the screen. It was good in touch accuracy and bettery backup was very nyc...lLove this Product 👍,5.0
Writing review after one month of usage I feel like in this Price range best smart watch available on the market in th aspects like squre shaped look so elegant in the hand better last around 12 days and so light weight I satisfied with my purchase.,5.0
"Completely useless product. Display is like a kids toy watch, touch response is very poor. Overall a very bad product. Definitely not worth the 3k. Be cautious while buying it as you can't return it.",1.0
"The product was not even working , didn't last 5 mins also .One green color up arrow has been popping up on the screen .Why make people fools ? And taking 3500 for this ?!",1.0
Product is really good at this price.  Please go for it,5.0
There are a lot of better options in the market . please avoid buying this.,2.0
"No any user manual in the box ,and also no any product brand box I have received....very disappointed",3.0
Its Good and worthy.,4.0
"This product have only one good thing “look like Apple Watch”. Otherwise there are many reason not by like write flip sensor take too long to respond, heat  beat always incorrect. Touch is also not have good response.",1.0
"It is simply loving, most elegant watch. It tracks sleeping hours. We can check how many we walked per day. Can see notification up-to-date. I loved its colour and looks it awesome.",5.0
It's okay okay product. I think it is not much accurate for either calories or step count meter. You can only reject the calls not pickup them. Only sometimes it shows the notification of messages.,4.0
This is not a original packing is was seen i videos and reviews. The user manual is also missing there.The belt are already attached with fit.I think it's not a original.its copy product or used product is there,1.0
Not working notification properly : call notification & whatsapp notification .Have complained 3 times within 4 months but got no response . Proved to be a waste of money,1.0
"Touch can be betterAccuracy needs improvementThe watch UI needs to improve , more options for dials",4.0
Product is quite useful. Sleep tracking and heart rate monitoring is helpful. One can read messages over watch and can manage calls also . Wonderful product.,4.0
Good product but screen is very small accounting to showing photos on amazon good Battery backup,3.0
"At this price point, this is a great product. I can manage my call and WhatsApp notifications without touching my mobile. I can use this product as a fitness band. Thank you, Noise for this wonderful  product.",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Really waste of money. i hade take this watch on November 2019. and now the touch was not working. The worst products  i hade purchase in my life. Need more improveness in this product.",1.0
Bluetooth automatically disconnect. Don't buy this product. It is mere headache to have this product after spending 4000 bucks,1.0
Very very bad..pls don't buy..now Amazon also saying not responsible,3.0
Good looks working fine. Touch response also fine. But lack of watch faces or screen savers too.,5.0
good in quality and also in budget . i’m connected this watch with iphone . only i can’t understand that which heart beat average is normal and high,5.0
Nouse colorfit pro 2 has a horrendous battery life 1 or 2 days max . Cant receive phone calls .It's a bad buy,1.0
The product is good in this budget.It's been 2 months I didn't face any problem yet.I'll recommend to buy this watch if your budget is low.Everything looks perfect.,5.0
You have to manually start the workout mode to track activity. Moreover the watch is not accurate. No readings are accurate. This product is not worth buying.,1.0
"Mobile apps are not working properly, heart rate not working properly, sleeping Accuracy also not working",2.0
"The battery backup is pathetic, just stays for a day or max to max 2 days. As shown the color is dull in real. Touch is not proper. Not worth to buy.Disappointed with the smart phoneI want replacement.",3.0
"liked this.Accuracy is good.but touch screen is bit slow, so giving 4 start.",4.0
"Good product i m happy with it.battry backup is good, durability also good,touch screen is good,but must say compare other brands before purchasing because we got extra features in same price margin.",5.0
I like it's charging point.. bcoz in all smart band/watch.. u have to remove strap.. bt in this no need to remove strap..Some features can b added..  those who r in one plus band..,4.0
"The steps more or less match up with the google fit app, but the distance doesn't, it shows about 20% lesser than the google fit app. And I have checked the distance on the google fit app. It is more or less what it should be.Wasted money on this priduct",1.0
Thanks amazon for such a nice product.....i love this watch at reasonable price....very light weight and look smart after wearing this watch. go for it,4.0
I dont like the display and the performance.... please return this product,1.0
Amazing smartwatch,5.0
Not a good product even at price of 2250 product looks local and many quality and working issue,1.0
"Waste of money, battery backup  3 days,",1.0
Waste matetial form noise brand...its not yet connecting to the mobile noise fit app..So many times tried but not connecting why you guys this type such worst products has put in Amazon..its loos of Amazon good wil,1.0
"Its a blend of everything that youth want's to Connect. Best in Class, best in look, best in Technology and most Important, The Datas acquired by this watch is Accurate and Reliable! Well done Noise!!!",5.0
One Of The Best Features Sleep Tracking.No More Late Night WorkWorst Thing No Maire Late Night PARTY aswell😎😎😎Kudos To The Makers,5.0
"Worth the priceI mean compare it with any fitness bandIt costs the same, If you see in that way its good for the price. I bought it for 2500rs",4.0
Majority of all features are excellent including sports mode and sleep tracking as well as HR count... KEEP Adding more features like Camera Remote or Quick reply of calls... 🙏,5.0
"With in a week, this watch lost all the other features except walking. I should have gone with my friend's suggestions to purchase the Mi smartwatch instead of this.",1.0
Only thing that lacks in this watch is It doesn't Connect Automatically to Smartphone after Disconected or when bluetooth is turned off and On. Otherwise everything is worth the cost,4.0
"Really  worth for the money we send, recommended",5.0
Awesome product within the price range. Till now having best experience. A recommended gadgets under the price. Battery backup is also good.,5.0
Quality is not good,1.0
Sleep tracking is not functioning up to the grade but rest all seems ok. At times even touch screen or face reading is not great.,5.0
One of the most disgusting smart watch ever.It does not give you alerts about your gmail. Also call notification and other notifications are notified after they are missed. App is also useless. Highly disappointed.,1.0
It's a perfect smartwatch in this price range totally satisfied with the product,5.0
Noise product is very good smart band it's looking good heart ♥ rate monitoring also good but not bad 👍👌👌,4.0
Costly,3.0
AffordableGreat product!,5.0
This product is super on this price. Stylish and finishing is too good.Super product.,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Ofter using one week so many cunecting essusAnd App was wery slowlyWach Display some tims not showing",2.0
"Overall it is great package in this price range. It is stylish and have good set of features. I am using it from last few months, it is working perfectly file. I am fully satisfied with this product.",5.0
"Give  this review after using for 1 week Very disappointed Not working properly call ,msg, notification not give find my phone not working whatsapp msg notification not seen on",1.0
I really like the watch. All the functions are working fine & the best thing is the design. It looks really nice.. Cons : facing issue in syncing it with the android app.,5.0
Value for money watch with great features and good battery backup.,4.0
This watch contains several features which are only offered in premium smartwatches. So I will definitely recommend this product . Very satisfied 👍👍,5.0
I ordered this product as a birthday for my sister in law. It ended up burning her hand. Worst decision to buy this product. Please don't buy this product.  It's a waste of money,1.0
Very good product.,5.0
Lousy product,2.0
It's a good product but there is some problem with accuracy and does show right sleep time and even show please do some activity even after I take a walk for some meters. Cannot determine if I'm sleeping or awake.,3.0
With warm regards....I'm Happy...with noise colorfit pro 2 challenges..........Thanks for your esteemed concern team Members...Be Positive...congrats for your upcoming E-COM version....,5.0
costly a bit but nice product from noise......i bought it at 3500 rupees.....overall product is good,4.0
What more can you expect at this price range? It is value for money regardless of what different mind and opinions have to say.,5.0
I have used noise colorfit pro 2. It's a very nice and good looking product. Touch screen is so smooth and tracking is really good. Every features has awesome.A very good smart watch.,5.0
Really nice watch.I got it for 2500 & it looks stylish & worth for money.,4.0
I think it is good smart watch it not so good it call notifications alter is not working some time nd heart beart tracker total waste 😩totally waste of money Nd the look of the watch isgood,2.0
The product overall is really good its features are also very nice though the only thing that upset me was that the company released a new watch just a week after i brought the product.,4.0
Just terrible doesn’t have any accuracy. Doesn’t even track sleep and doesn’t sync properly with the app ever . Don’t waste your hard earned money like I did,1.0
Overall the product is good but the app drains out the batter tooo fast.,3.0
"Don't Buy Noise Color fit pro2, heart ♥ rate sensor not work properly, and i attand the call by phone but watch continues vibrated, Worthless product dnt buy any one.",1.0
Nice,5.0
Nice product at this price range. Good battery life (last more than a week in normal usage),5.0
"For all the fitness freaks out there, I recommend this product to y'all. I bought this product about 2 months ago and it's working smooth. Super cool product!",5.0
Its one of the best activity tracker at this price band..,4.0
The watch is really good and user friendly. Music control and health monitor work really good. Worth of buying,5.0
"You can trust this brand. Long lasting battery, maximum accuracy and more features. But dial screen could be even more better with more option. Overall its good, you can go ahead and buy this in Amazon.",4.0
I like this product,5.0
"the overall look of the watch is awesome. The battery is also pretty good and gives 7-8 days backup on normal usage. For this budget, I'll recommend u to go for it.",5.0
According to its price its value for money and also you get the trust of gonoiseSo fully satisfied with this watch..!,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I'm very much satisfied with my noise colour fit pro2. But noise should add some more Cool and trendy watch faces in app",5.0
Overall good product,5.0
Good item in economical rate. App need some modifications.,5.0
Good,4.0
Very good smart watch and economical too.,5.0
It's a good and durable product. I have used it in tough conditions in engine room while working and it performed wellIt's backed by good service team as well.Good job.,5.0
Fantastic packing..... Fantastic Product....Was slight apprehensive about color but its too good.Mist Grey.Thanks,5.0
Watch belt getting fed in black colour within 2 month.. customer service giving advice to replace part with 499 cost..it is not good product and service by noise,2.0
Watch is very nice and tracking all the data properly.you can go fro this if you are looking for low price smart watch with all the tacking features.,4.0
"Valuable product. Its features are amazing like sleep tracking, touch screen and bluetooth contectivity is very good. Awesome Product in this range.",3.0
I use this product for teaching my steps and workout.mostlyFound it very useful,4.0
"Worst watch ever, nothing is up to mark ,mi band is much batter than this one,never recommend ppl to buy that watch, waste of money.",1.0
Nice watchGood touch screenSleep tracking is niceMobile app is awesomeThanks AmazonFastest delivery of Amazon deliver,5.0
I gift it to my friend. She likes it too much,5.0
Awesome 👍👍👍😊👍😊👍👍,5.0
Looks good and has a great design...,3.0
"You don't get those color, what u exactly look before u order.. Chances of faking the product is too high.. Very Poor return team..",1.0
Very bad choice. Initial 10days it worked properly after that it won't showing incoming calls and messages. Strongly recommend to go with other brands. Waste of money. No use,1.0
Needs a lot of improvements.There are only some watch faces and nothing has given any update.Sometimes gives late response.Overall waste of money,2.0
ABOVE all worst customer service.  How could Rohit sharma do add for this company.  A cheap quality watch is better than this. Very bad customer service even after complaining again and again.,3.0
"Nice smart watch, Very Good product. Value for money .if you want a good smart watch go for it.",4.0
Good,3.0
Thnk u amazon....i love it,5.0
Easy to use.Good quality.Battery last for longer duration as specified.Easy connectivity with phones.,4.0
Good product feel comfrtablr long lasting battery life of 10 days. Work properly best for fitnees  counter,5.0
"Build and Battery quality is as well as they said. Lack of watch face you can face.But realy buddy, it disconnects like butter...",3.0
Getting ussed productBox damage when I open watch alredy there hav wallpaper pic of some other guy scratches on back side n lots of sms on th 11/05,1.0
I'm using this watch. I'm amazed by this watch as it has great look it has amazing appearance. Tracker nd sensor operate smoothly over all this watch is worth it,5.0
Best prodct,4.0
In this of price range the product is very good I m giving 4 star for this product and it's battery life is awesome,4.0
Charger not working.Order return but not picked up and the pickup order cancelled....One of the worst experience with Amazon....,1.0
Like,4.0
The heart rate monitor stopped working 3 hours after purchase! That's the worst quality of any smartwatches I've ever seen !,1.0
The charging wire worked only for one week and I had to courier it to noise head office on my own expense. It takes a lot of efforts and you get a replacement after one month. Not recommended to anyone.,1.0
Really great features at its price. Definitely recommend it.,5.0
Touch screen not working properly..,3.0
"Battery backup is the issue, otherwise it is a good product.",4.0
Blood pressure and blood oxygen meter is not working.. Otherwise ita a gud watch. Pls help....,4.0
"Overall I'm not happy with the product. Whenever I'm using the product started getting wrist pain.UI not that catching and app also not that great.One good pros, it looks like Apple product.",1.0
Good watch worth of money you can go with this watch if you want a decent watch with useful featuresThere is only one feature not available is screen lock otherwise it is best,4.0
"It is okayish. As the price is lucrative and the design is good. So, okayish working would be fine.",3.0
Excellent for this price.,5.0
Battery back up is not as par tbey have mentioned. It is giving me 15 days battery when connected to Mobile for messages and calling. Overall it is good,2.0
I don't use all the functions but overal it is a good product . The only issue is that it takes longer to synchronise with mobile app.,4.0
I used this for heartbeat tracking n jogging purpos n sometimes whole riding a vehicle ill easily know who is calling me of m not using my phone so its best to b used for these.,5.0
"Good product and good price. Women health tracking makes this smart watch even more amazing. The touch screen, sleep tracking and accuracy is too good and valuable for the price payed.",5.0
Nice but not that much.,2.0
"I used to have Colorfit pro, which also had BP, Spo2 and few other things.. Colorfit2 is in fact a downgrade.. don't recommend to buy",1.0
Perfect watch I love it very much,5.0
Awesome product. Felt the sporty thrills after using it. Battery backup is outstanding. Look is amazing with black dashboard,5.0
"Good one, but it could've had spo2 levels tracking",4.0
"Sleep tracking isn't working properly, when app disconnected it's taking much time to pair with the device, touch screen is nice",4.0
operation not working and no use  of operation smat watch.  amazone refuse to retun this product..  total wast of money .. i will never buy any thing from amazone  in future.,1.0
Belt got cut within 4 months of use,3.0
"Good budget product, sometimes it loses connection with phone, need to switch off and on BT on phone to restore connection",4.0
It is a good budget smart watch.Felt some issues in starting regarding connectivity but the updates of app solved them.Very good customer support team.,5.0
Decent product. Value for money,4.0
Very nice product. Perfect sleep tracking. It is highly accurate. Touch screen is good but it can be better. It is a little connectivity issue.It is needed to be resolved.,4.0
There are better watches out  there for the same price,3.0
It’s hang sometimes and the band part is missing now they return thz noise pro2 after two days no any response regarding returning I didn’t get any information about that it were accepted or not,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Great Product Value for money. I have orderd two more watches after I used this.",5.0
I did not get charger with my watchI ordered two watch for two people but I got charger only with one watch.I want to return this product.,5.0
I like the battery backup of the product and the thing which I’m not satisfied is about the messages notifications are not displaying every time on my smartwatch.,5.0
Can't connect phone notification,2.0
Bad product. Best boat,1.0
Very nice smart phone... But hope it lasts long... Worth the money,5.0
Like,4.0
"Watch looks so good and touch is little laggy. Steps count, sleep tracking accuracy is good compare to remain products of in this price range. Battery backup also fine.",4.0
Very good product and almost accuracy and touch screen working fine.I am happy with product and performance.,5.0
Awesome,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   There no other options like bp and spo2... Such a waste products please dnt buy this one...",1.0
I loved the deep wine colour. Watch is very good for the daily use,4.0
Nice,5.0
Value for money....I like it alot,5.0
Recommended to bye,4.0
Worthy to go people who looking for smart watch within low budget this good and can go head.,5.0
Looks good....not sure if the steps count is accurate.... N d sleep track thing doesn't seem to work in my case.....as it shows d same sleep n wake up time everyday....,4.0
No compatibility with the phone . Doesn't get synced at all .,1.0
"Simply awesome..... Nice looking, best quality, best design... Value for money.",5.0
Very bad product not getting any notifications.No support from there team.Very bad serviceDon't buy this product.,1.0
This is one of the best watches in this range. Fully satisfied with the product. The mobile app works well too and no technical issues as of now.,5.0
It’s not so much accurate if I’m in travelling in A vehicle also it automatically counts the steps.Screen touch is good and It’s smooth.Battery life is up to 10 to 15 days approximately.,4.0
The touchscreen works like a charm.Step count is very accurate.Like the product build and quality,5.0
"Dont waste your money, third class product",1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Such a poor quality waste of time",1.0
"I ordered Grey colour Noise color pro fit 2, Wore it for 4 days and I started noticing that the color of belt started changing something like this for god knows what reason..Need a replacement.",2.0
"Ok, false heart rate",3.0
Good product,5.0
"Product is not working, battery is also not working, please advise if you can replace or refund ?",1.0
Smart watch overall features are average. Bluetooth connectivity with mobile is poor. Touch respond is 7 out of 10. Step counting accuracy is good. But price is very good in comparison of others.,3.0
Refer above two screenshot of activities tracked by Google fit app n Noicefit smartwatch. Google fit free app works far better than Rs. 3000/- smartwatch...,2.0
Just good productBut superb in price,4.0
Watch is very light and works as advertised. Battery backup is decent. The only upgrade they should make is add additional watch faces. Currently there are only 5 faces available.,4.0
Easy to use. Affordable. Great features. Highly recommended.,5.0
Worst product... It's not worth... Instead of buying this go for mi bands ... It's far far better than this product... I got damaged product .. Am not able to return the product..,1.0
Watch belt quality is not good. Also call or message or whts up alerts not showing on watch as per expectation. Screen designs options r less. Not very much satisfied with high price.,3.0
"Some times notifications special calling notification not seen, not connect,...After wearing watch wrist started pain...",2.0
Sleep tracker not working,1.0
not worth buying,1.0
This watch has decent tracking with good battery backup. I have been using it from last 2 months and it fulfilled my requirements. Its totally worth for what you are paying.,4.0
Initially I have booked Amazfit watch which I returned it because of cheap quality but later when I got this.. it looks very nice and first of all not at all cheap.  With the given price it worth.,5.0
Review after 3 months of usage:Working with no issueGood battery lifeWorth purchase,5.0
I am using this product for like 15 days now. I am not using this to receive phone calls and notification. The battery lasted for 10 days at a stretch.,5.0
It seems after some time it don't show call and SNS notifications,2.0
Cheap n low quality. Within 2 monthsIt started showing wrong time. Useless,1.0
Battery life is not good as expected .bcz in discretion 8 to 10 days last but mine was 6 days only.otherwise watch is pretty good.,4.0
Awesome product in this price range. You should go for it. Using it for 2 months not a single complain. The UI lags very very little though but still a great product for this price range.,5.0
"Quite comfortable ,sleep tracking,touch screen, the noise app can be improved but overall experience is good",5.0
Quality of watch is not good. Also cannot pickup calls from the watch can only see but cannot pickup.,2.0
"Don’t by this product. It’s not good and broken product..totally wested my money ..........😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬..baqwas watch and highly price ,so costly",1.0
"Data not correct, one day I slept without wearing but it shows you have slept 10.30 pm to 7.32 am, and heart best rate also, If I sleep in day time but watch never recognize",1.0
Need metal glossy body makes this watch more premium instead of plastic body. Overall nice watch in low price range.,3.0
It is nice watch with good features..  Also all the mention features works satisfactory..Also it look decent..It won't disappoint you..You can go for this watch..😊,4.0
"Not as i expected, not up to the mark, Big issue of connecting with watch everytime.",3.0
"I really liked the product. light-weighted, battery back up is also good, helpful for women also as it measures menstrual cycle and many more features.",5.0
There was connectivity issue and the charger is hardly working other than that its a good product..The charger has completely stopped working and the noise support team is not responding...regret buying it.,1.0
"The sleep time, stem counts are not accurate. App has lots of bugs and keeps crashing.",2.0
👌🏻,3.0
the watch initially gave iPhone connectivity issues but was rectified immediately and the watch is super good bow,5.0
Awesome product... Value for money... The only problem I'm facing sometimes step count miscalculated while I'm traveling...,4.0
Heart Rate monitor and sleep tracking is near to accurate. Built quality is good.There are some glitches and bugs in latest update.,4.0
It’s fine but good that much,2.0
Helloo i liked your product but the screen size is very small it should be bigger like other watches has and it demands sooooo many updates every after 2-3 days,3.0
Product is excellent at this point of price.,5.0
"Thanks to notice color pro2 smart watch really excellent product, and thanks to Amazon speed delivery",5.0
Works better than expected... You can add any pic as background... Most accurate tracking.,5.0
Good product,5.0
Good tracker,5.0
Good value for money,5.0
Distance measure during walking is unreliable. Same distance measures wrongly on repeatation. Not worthy.....,2.0
Not use still due to app problem.Show notification- UNDER MAINTENANCE,3.0
Accuracy is 85 to 90 percent . Scope for improvement  1. If it consist a mice receiverat this price range  will be more valuable to this product and will improve the overall usability of this watch.,4.0
Good,4.0
Best ever fitness band ever usedA great  duplication of apple watch series 6 👌👌Good charging speed .,5.0
Nice watch at this price.. Much needed for beginners.. Satisfied...,5.0
Some additional functions to be add by firmware upgrade.,4.0
The sleep tracking is good but sometimes not accurate. Otherwise the phone is good,5.0
"Not worth. The money ,as i purchased a better one in same price with more features",1.0
Battery life is not that good. In co. Parisonto other smart watches.,5.0
Watch not working after 1 month,1.0
Watch is too good with accuracy however touch need improvements,5.0
Worst product i buyed and want to replace this but no option showing.. It never shows when your phone rings sometime shows and many more errors on tracking system..,1.0
Nice product,5.0
"honestly!It’s good for detailed notifications,tracking is also good but, not satisfying.It looks cool & also Handy.Easy to use.",4.0
Its not showing sleep monitoringStep count and heartrate monitoring is incorrectNot good as I expectedBad experience from noise,4.0
Nyc stylish watch... Very good product according to budget ... Must buy,5.0
Worth the wait 😍I had been waiting for this color.Delivery was too late but the product issued is great.,5.0
Nice product in this range 3000.,4.0
The touch screen lags a bit but not much...the watch is pretty good and it does works properly..it charges pretty fast....,4.0
Good product. Call facility is missing,5.0
"My name is Navjot Singh ,I purchased color fit pro 2 Smart watch,The quality of Product is best nd Touch  is also good., Overall gr8 Product in best price..",5.0
Pretty gud .. value for money,4.0
"Very good product, tells steps , heart rate ,sports activity, Nd reminders also available to take activity, . fully satisfied with quality, rates and overall.",4.0
Doesn't connect with Mobile after a month,1.0
"It's a great smartwatch at affordable price, which gives pretty accurate information , hasel free connectivity ! Yeah it's a all-rounder!",5.0
I have been using this product for a while now and it amazes me how they have put in so many features at such a affordable price. Really liking the product so far.,5.0
I love the watch. It has great connectivity and has sports modes which are easy to use and very useful. I would suggest that you buy this. Great value for price.,5.0
Screen size showing in Video is bigger than actual I have received... Not happy with the product after physical in hand...😔😔 If possible than help me to exchange...,1.0
Today I received this and paired with my Samsung device but after some time its auto its auto disconnected after that unable to paired with my fone..,1.0
ple return this itam waste,5.0
Sensor of the watch are not working. No proper synchronizing with the mobile.,1.0
"It's a very nice product and is accurate in every aspect like pedometer, heart rate, sleep tracker, activity, and best is breathing .",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Noise watch is a very good watch i like it",5.0
The product was really good. I would recommend to purchase this. The quality is amazing and overall experience with this is great.,4.0
Working is gud but belt/strap quality is very bad and when i connected to mobile it's accuracy is slitly decreased.. They should look after better quality of display.,4.0
Screen size is too much less.... Dnt go fr it 🙂👍,1.0
The battery of watch is getting drained quickly. It gets to 0% at the end of the day after charging in the morning. Kindly help in this matter.,2.0
Good pricing but app needs many updates and sometimes it's switch off on automaticallyNotifications are slow and many time doesn't show messages.,2.0
Not that accurate.sleep data is useless...i am night person. i sleep in day 7:30 am to 3 am. Watch is not able to sync that data nd there is no option in app to set manual sleep hours.,1.0
"Using it since 3 months, really happy with buy. It's really better than realme smartwatch in this price range.",5.0
"I like this product, good looking, performance is superb ,touch sensor good , noisefit application is very slow,",5.0
"Looks are good but from the time I bought this incoming calls are not being alerted on the watch, which is a bit of a nightmare. Even messages are not coming thru nor music is getting sinc.",1.0
Range is very short due to which you need to connect it with your phone every time and allow all notification. Touch screen is not so smooth....don't buy .... I have also returned.,2.0
"I find some issue with this watch, but refund is not possible so I keeping this watch.",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I literally like this watch ❤️ thnq Amazon and also thnxx to noise for make this beautiful watch for me 😅😅😛❣️",5.0
"Item is good , using it for few days ..",5.0
"Accuracy1) This smart watch give some good measuring time, speed, heart beat and fat burnsTouch screen1)  It’s very good feel to handle the display",5.0
Excellent product special recommend,5.0
good product,4.0
Step count and other functions are almost accurate but blutooth range is very less. If you are in another room it will not show u the notification of msg or call etc .,4.0
"Watch is good , but Noisefit application is very bad it disconnected in every 5-10 minutes, So Noise has to work on his application ....",5.0
A good deal in a given price..mobile app needs to work out for sync with dial.else all features are good..,5.0
❤️,4.0
"I like the battery life, time accuracy,I dislike the feature of call notification which start after 3 sec of the call. Overall its a very good watch in this price segment",5.0
3rd class product ..don't buyPairing issueNoise fit app is very slow n not contact with smart watchPoor performance .,1.0
Bluetooth connectivity issue,3.0
"This product is good in this price, Battery life is awesome.Only concern is, it is China Product don't buy.",3.0
Functions well,5.0
It have all features be it be connection with phone or battery backup,5.0
Am totally satisfied with this product and battery life is long lastinggHappy customer,5.0
"It speaks up for"" take activity"" even when i am walking",4.0
Best product for this price but incoming call alert is not coming in noise fit app for only incoming calls alert I downloaded noise fit sport app,4.0
"Watch is good, but don't expect to receive notifications of messages and calls on watch. Watch is worth of the price.",3.0
"Sucha nice product, more than 10 Days battery backup.  It's also very rough & tough.Built quality is very good.",5.0
friendly budget and looks dam pretty cool,5.0
Sleep tracking not perfect and other app are good,4.0
Device Not working after two month,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   4 star for less sports modes.",4.0
Absolutely loved it.. I received it as a gift . Battery is too good..u can track all of ur workouts.. suits everyone,4.0
I loved for no of steps and sleep tracking also alarm feature is good one. It could have been better if they can add gps feature with a slight increase in price.,4.0
Very nice product...,4.0
Overall it's good product can go for it,4.0
"Each day is automatically disconnected, and same time seen blank screen,And find your phone tracking is not working,",3.0
Product is nice but sound and bass is not upto the mark while calling I am having some problem like voice break I hope from noise next time I won't repeat the issue,5.0
Product doesn't work...their website for complaint doesn't work and you can't talk to them. It's a cheat product.,1.0
Amazing  battery..its been 10 days since purchase and it's still running...user friendly.... stylish design....super value for money,5.0
"It was accurate for 1 moth but after that it's not working properly, sleep tracking, heart rate and steps and all functions are not accurate..",2.0
I am using this watch form the past three days and it works amazingly battery backup is awesome touch is nice overall this watch is amazing definitely go for it🌻,5.0
Very handy fitness band to track my daily step count. Good for tracking my sleep information too. Love this product,5.0
All in one,5.0
Bhavya from Noise followed up to make sure if I was satisfied with the product. Great product and great service!,5.0
"The item is good bt everytime I check my phone app auto touch screen strts.. Moreover,  I need to connect my connection as notifications can not reach my watch...",4.0
Good battery life and accurate tracking,5.0
"Nice looks , light weight, I use for daily calories tracking, steps tracking, it's help for achieving the daily fitness routine, go for it",5.0
"One of the best watch I had order , I loved it and suggests you too to order it , loved itThankyou noise for such a beautiful , accurate and best smart watch in this range",4.0
If someone is thinking to buy a smart watch this one is perfect for you.Just go for it...👍,5.0
"Great product ,completely worth the money ,Very accurate measurings  and reading are shown.",5.0
"Not getting notifications of apps and not able to control music, gets disconnected frequently.not so good product to buy..",1.0
"Too expensive, its good",5.0
It’s a value for money product with essential smart watch features...they could have made wallpaper options little better,4.0
I am unable to signup with noisefit app to connect with mobile as it continuous showing slow network and try again later even if the speed of net is too high.,1.0
Excellent response,5.0
Hidden policy and bad quality,1.0
I loved it. Just buy it guys!,5.0
I purchased this for my daughter. Good smartwatch at this price. Very innovative charging cable connection.,5.0
Price is so high and smart watch function and facility is zero. Smart Watch Bluetooth connectivity is not good. Waist of money. Dont buy this product.,1.0
This product is always super,5.0
Best smartwatch at this price,5.0
Satisfied with purchase.,5.0
The built quality is not great as per the pricing .Limited features .Starp colour mentioned as Royal blue but is more of a light purple,2.0
Please don't buy this product it's not upto the quality and performance as it sayes online it's fake watch and you can't even return this item if you order it,1.0
"Product is nice; light weight; small and sleek design.Please improve your application, worst part!😕",5.0
Price wise good product. Many features compared to price,4.0
Good product,5.0
Health Tracking is good and effective,5.0
The app is very worst...it is hanging everytime......and there are lots of update and the worst part is without updating app can't be opened.....,5.0
App is not good at allHave to keep the app on in the background for revieving calls and msgsSenors are slowNot happy at allAnd worst is u cant even send it back 😞,2.0
"Good watch. It gives accurate information of steps, heartrate, call notification, what's up notification overall it is good to use and worthy also",4.0
Nyc  product,4.0
Overall good product. No problems found after close to 4 months of use. Works as advertised,5.0
It's amazing.. I loved the product. Quality is 💯❤,5.0
Customise watchface was a surprising feature for me,5.0
Everything is ok...Nice....It getting slight delay to show display after hand twist.....And it doesn't contain more watch faces and customize faces option this is disadvantage,4.0
Not seems original bar code also not working. And not getting complete with smart phone. We can use it as a watch only.,1.0
Product is good but after 2 days color is faded but touch quality is not good. After touch 4-5 times message is deleted. So i want to replace and get the new product in black one,3.0
All the features are very good in this watch .. I liked it very much,5.0
Sencer is not working....when I took the watch in front of face ....  It's not showing time. ...I have to press side botten.......,1.0
Good watch.. backup is really good and touch is very smooth.. worth for money spent..,5.0
Good product. But got little costly 😅,4.0
"Liked the watch for this price range. Screen size if amazing, options are plenty, notifications work good and also the tracking overall.",5.0
Minor connectivity issues....but it's managable.,4.0
I’m very much impressed with product.. battery backup really good and we have many sports modes,5.0
Worth the buy.... Should make more straps available for the same product... It wud be helpful if they do this .... In all other tracking it's accurate,5.0
Sleep tracking not at all working .....Totally not satisfied... Looking like fake product... Plz refund it.  Don't want replace.,1.0
Only thing good is battery life...touch is pathetic...it even records heartbeat of pillow..counts the steps while I'm driving...,1.0
"Very good product from noise, value for money. It works flawless. Loaded with very nice features. The touch is very nice as well.",5.0
"This color is getting stains easily, within one month this color getting dark,footsteps and heart beat count tracking is also not accurate",3.0
"Looks are good, durable",4.0
Nice watch... I bought this for my brother.... He seems very by getting this.... It works really nice.... I m happy buying this...,4.0
Useless product. Does not count steps correctly. Steps and calories calculations are mismatch all the time. Skipping some data on app.,2.0
I'm order this watch for my friend and she is so happy nd loved it,5.0
I never seen such a worst mobile app like this. This watch is just for showcase and track your walking routine,3.0
"Screen is tooo small , as compared to image showed on Amazon ...strap is very bad quality..not worth..Rs 3000",1.0
Satisfied with the looks and features are great and touch sensor is responsive.All over it gives a very premium look.,4.0
Totally worst product dont buy it its false information about product plz dont buy,1.0
"The battery life is good and the design is good. However, the touch isn’t that great and My messages are not getting linked. Rest everything is fine.",3.0
As i heard earlier that noise is a good brand and now this watch of noise prooved that.I really like the display and mobile app function,5.0
Ok,4.0
Good,5.0
Product helpful..in tracking accurately my daily routine- sleep n exercising regime.Easy to opt varoius sections with the touch screenThank you,5.0
Watch is good but mobile app is very slow and pathetic.,3.0
"Worst profuct. Don't buy this product. Cheap quality strap, just after 2 days strap turn to yellowish colour. Touch screen is very slow.  Worst application.",1.0
Keep disconnecting.... Not worthUsing as a watch.... This it,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   while i was opening the heart rate option it is getting switch off automatically",2.0
The touch and display is very good and very neat finishing so simply go for it🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩,5.0
Overall good smart watch to start with within this budget. Looks wise I can give 5 out of 5.,5.0
The watch is good but the screen was too small and the battery performance is superb,4.0
Nice product in this range,4.0
Okay.. product,2.0
"Very easy and simple opinion want to share with you, seems not worth to spend 3000 - 4000 Rs for this watch, touch screen is very basic and unresponsive, nothing impressive.",1.0
Good,4.0
Battery life is more than 2 weeks.. It looks exactly like apple Watch and it's working perfectly fine till now..- Jayakarthika,5.0
"The product is very nice, nice look, nice tracking report, need to improvement on apps.Good product value of the money.",5.0
"Pro :Value for money, light weight, comfortable, build qualityCon : slow wrist sense, limited watch face, pixel density",4.0
It was awesome digital watch in very cheap price it gives so many specifications and also give a look of apple Watch.,5.0
The only one thing which I not like is display. The display should be amoled moreover the watch is perfect as per its price.,4.0
Product is not worthy. Features shown in videos are not present in watch. I cant able to return the product also. Wastage of money,1.0
"I'm really verry happy with this product,Display quality, all android functions working fantastic,I can already used noise colour fit watch by this pro2 watch much better,Thank you,",4.0
Very very nice 👌👌,5.0
Amazing watch. Its been almost a year since I have been testing this watch . And it was an fabulous experience for me.,5.0
As mention in the product manual for warranty register process but I tried many time to do but failed to do.,3.0
This is good product and fast working display. And the one thing is display is short. I love this product...,5.0
"I liked the watch features very much, battery life is good, would give it a five star if I would have got more watch face as an option.",4.0
Good product...After using this product I maintaine my daily health on organized way...keep buying don't worry about Noise product....Thanks Noise Team,5.0
The product is disgusting. The sensor for face reading etc doesn’t work. Didn’t expect such bad quality of the product delivered. Can I get a update and assistance on the product delivered?,1.0
My watch charging terminal damagedIt's due to the low build quality.  But it replace and I got a brand new watch.,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   It is not working it has been worked for not a month its not getting chagre  too",1.0
Everything is good about this ⌚ but best part is the battery backup.,5.0
U have give me a defective  product but u can't give it  return.. so bad treatment  from u amzone.. have sad about u r service,1.0
Awesome product ♥️😍 i m loving it full enjoyment i had never seen any other product at this price point so helpfull and awesome...,5.0
Value for money. Nice fit and finish,4.0
I think I received the default one since it was not working so I lost my trust from brand itsself and bought some other brand watch.,1.0
There is little bit problem of connectivity and problem of step counting . There is no value for money price is too high.,3.0
The watch is good look wise though its bit slow and even hangs sometimes,4.0
After observing 1 month it is very good product I like this product and after 6 months too u can think about it cheapest and excellent product,5.0
Genuine and Quality Products,5.0
It's touch is very bad...I didn't like the watch... very basic and not worth the price paid,1.0
Good,5.0
Touch screen and App  is having some.lag.,1.0
I feel very bad experience for this product Becoz when m not using noise app then watch also disconnect form phone m not see my caller on watch then it's not useful for me so m return his product,2.0
"Thr app doesn't work, after you wake up in the morning... There is a total disconnection after 3-4 metres... Not worth buying",1.0
Very good finishing. Appears premium quality. Colour too decent.,5.0
I have purchased same in 19.02.2021 3000/- and only one month rate down its not fair today rate 2499/- different so much.,1.0
Good for price,5.0
Good watch,5.0
Good one,5.0
I was ordered this item.. watch is in condition but there is no charging cable in the box..... But product is very nice....,4.0
This watch was nice and colour was good battery life get 10 to 15 days once if you charge to 100 percentage,5.0
"the watch was very good,i have only one complaine that while i connect to the noise application the watch was hang and it was switched off many times.",1.0
Worthy of it’s price. Nice product.,4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very disappointed with this product,hardly 1 week it'll work properly,not able to receive WhatsApp notification",1.0
I am satisfied with this product. Love it,5.0
Lovely watch and color. Looks so stylish and attractive.,5.0
Super cool watch 😎...looking Amazing and so elegant ❤️,5.0
"Very good watch,u can even add ur own photo for watch screen",5.0
Undoubtedly a good product at Reasonable cost..Has many functionalities related to work out schedules and much more..Go for it..,5.0
This product is good and in this budget provides good experience...It's totally recommend product at this budget at this price,5.0
Awesome watch.,5.0
"Wast of money. It started rusting within 2 months. Please don't buy this another one, go with another one with same prize.",1.0
I felt one plus is better.,5.0
I like the quality and material and color,5.0
"It's very good product, I don't have any issues in this smart watch,any one want buy smart watch I wil suggest noisefit pro2,very good battery 210 mAh.",5.0
Good one I actually I purchased it as a gift for my cousin and he liked it very much.,5.0
Poor quality,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Amazing Product For Middle Class Customer",5.0
I liked overall UI ane little bit improvement needed on mobile app..except that everything is smooth and cool...😁😁,5.0
I liked it.,4.0
"Every half and hour disconnet with phone. Display brightness dull, i have spend rs..3199.00  i am not statisfied so, i am decided retrun this watch..",2.0
Looking good but the heart rate and other sensors are not up to the mark.,3.0
Very nice product at affordable cost..Just go for it...Value for money.,5.0
Super .....Must buy .....Its worth it ....♥️♥️♥️,5.0
Loved it,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I bought this for 3000 on 13 Nov",5.0
Good,5.0
Sleeping is as per pre-fed data accuracy with mobile phone n without mobile phone vary and touch is sometimes not responsive.,5.0
The watch is nice but I have a complaint for the aap. The app should be better.,4.0
Its a good product.,5.0
"It's very very good,i don't think that there is any problem that we see in YouTube channel,my suggestions is that buy this one only",5.0
This smart watch is really very stylish and attractive in looks! Its a real value for money.Fantastic Product.,5.0
"Noise Colorfit Pro 2 smart watch app's not working properly.....I tied to pairing Devices,Please don't buy this product",1.0
Product isn’t showing application alerts but only sports mode.,2.0
Best watch to buy at this amount.It is good for medium class people. To get premium quality at this cost.,5.0
Nice product. Got everything that you need in a smart watch.,5.0
Everything is good except the syncing of app and the watch.Sometimes it doesn't show WhatsApp and other apps notification.Rest it's a great watch.,4.0
"Amazing watch, loved it.",5.0
Liked it but after sometime it's twist feature not working properly.,4.0
Touch is not so good.. Sensor working is so late...There is not enough function in watch,2.0
Call accepting feature is missing... every other thing is fine,5.0
Some of the apps like music aren't responding..more like ordinary fitness band..rest part is compatible to my day to day work..,4.0
I liked its accuracy and design,5.0
There is small dent on watch . If see properly on watch then you detect thatReply me as soon as possible..... Humble request,4.0
Very nice product,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Number one smart watchLooking suparFine",5.0
Unable to use any social media applications and not able to receive calls from this match and we can't reply to msg from this,1.0
Very good product.. fashanoble to wear and sleeping tracking is good and we can change watch faces by app in mobile I am satisfied with the product,5.0
Worst product not value for money and not even worth 1000.zNo return policy only replacement be careful,1.0
Worth buy in this price range. Works smoothly and decent features. New customized dial background feature is cool.,4.0
"I have been using this product from last one and half month or so,  so far I like sleep tracking and touch screen. However calories count looks not accurate.",4.0
Overall Good for the price but don't expect it to be super responsive and extra features.,3.0
Connectivity issue with iphoneContacted the supplier with no positive solutionInformed that they are working on the App for iphones,1.0
Really satisfied with product...,5.0
Very good tracker watch combo at the given price range. Does what it says in description. Elegant as well. Good product.,5.0
Just need to improve battery backup with 24hrs use getting backup for nearly 40hrs.When not in use at night getting backup nearly 4days,4.0
Good .. Mony value product,4.0
Slow response...but value for money,3.0
Ok,5.0
Not received charger in the box. Only watch is received. No one is replying to the queries and no one is answering the call. Pathetic product.,1.0
nice watch its good product and the way your  feedback department deals with the customers is way  better than this watch🙏😀,5.0
No good,2.0
"I am using it since last 4 months. Absolutely no issue in product. All facilities like sleep tracking, touch screen are good. Even accuracy is also good.",5.0
"Overall good product, value for money product to purchase, as number of functionalities are provided on this price range for a smart watch.",5.0
Too good,5.0
1Only missing is to attend call2 No other strap or case is available to buy as mi amaze fit3other wise it is very comfy and light to wear,4.0
Look wise and battery wise ok but there is a little bit problem in app sinking,3.0
Good product..but battery life not as good as I expected compare to other band..,4.0
Skip it skip it skip it...not even worth for 1000rs ....touch tooo slow...disconnect to phone for every 30min,1.0
Nice smart watch... Go for it,5.0
"Nice look ,Good quality,Nice battery back upUpto 12 days",5.0
The over all watch is good but it has connectivity problem with noise fit app it will disconnect after some time (says run time exception),3.0
Overall nice product by noise.,4.0
All features are very good and helpful,4.0
నాకు ఈ వాచీ పెట్టుకోవడం వల్ల చేతికి బాగా సరిపోయింది నొప్పి లేకుండా చాలా స్మూత్గా ఉంది ఇది చాలా మంచిది,5.0
Watch r look so good ...but response r not a good....screen brightness so low....and call alert and massage alert so bad because a call alert  showing in watch after 3 min....,3.0
"Swimming  feacher not availableAccuracy is correct or not correct ,google fit  calories burn ratio and noise ratio is too much different",5.0
Very poor battery back up .. i charge it from 3 hours but working only 10 minutes... How can I replace it.. please give me suggestions..,1.0
"Worst smartwatch I had ever seen.Don't buy it it's a waste of time.I would recommend realme watch, buy it best budget watch.",1.0
Gud productAfter the update it's quite better to useIt's better product at a quite less priceI liked it,4.0
Watch looks amazing no doubtBut the watch screen has slow response time. But still i am a bit satisfied with the watch.,3.0
This is not too good productJust a wasteI returned it within 2 days of useDisplay is not too good,1.0
Was expecting a lag-free experience which it doesn't proivide. The watch doesn't give accurate readings for the steps and heart rate.,3.0
Touch screen is very good perforamenceMobile app I think little time working they not response immeditely,4.0
"I didn't liked the product, the quality is low, screen touch is not so good.I'll not recommend it to buy.",2.0
Peoduct is good but not able to register 1 year guarantee as product code is not available on box under QR code.,4.0
Good product in this range,5.0
i just wanna say about this product that it will look too good when you wear it and you can easily track your fitness through it,5.0
I liked the product overall and its quite amazing but surely wanna suggest to upgrade the product due to tight competition. 👍🏻,5.0
Health activities superBattery life light weight cute designNot messaging & calIt’s nottification only,4.0
Value for money,5.0
"Touch screen is little bit slow and sometimes it won’t take immediate touch. Otherwise watch is good , great sleek design .. it’s awesome..",5.0
It's good but without walking it means by sitting and moving hands it's counting my steps.. Hear iam not satisfied..,5.0
It's a great product and has helped me in tracking my personal goals. Every feature works really well as stated. I am really happy with the watch.,5.0
Dislike,1.0
It is disconnecting from the phoneWhen the phone is offAnd the touch was not so good,1.0
It's a value for money product . It has some decent features and provides somewhat accurate track of the  calories steps and distance.,5.0
"Watch is good, appearance wiseBut there is a connectivity issue whenever I remove the watch from my wrist, again I have to unbind the watch and then bind to get connected.",5.0
"Poor display quality, Poor bluetooth connectivity, limited watch faces .. Not value for money",1.0
This watch is premium just like apple very perfect watch awesome fantastic it shows menstrual cycle and ovulation period new features added,5.0
"The watch has to offer so much in such an affordable price. Don't hesitate if you want to buy a digital watch, just go for it.👍",5.0
"The product is really nice, durable, sleek and good quality. The features mentioned are accurate.",5.0
It was such a waste of time..I ordered it twice and got both the a defective product.,1.0
"Verry bad product , not working properly, connectivity problem, and after buying amazon will not refung u r money back ....Plz dont buy it ...👹👹👹👹",1.0
Good product 👌 slim fit of watch and msg view good but incoming call not showing on watch display not attend option in watch,5.0
Good experience..Good built quality.Great touch response.Accurate monitoring.,5.0
Nice,4.0
Like,5.0
Really nice watch am using past 6 months no issues for me.. Definitely I will recommend to others..,4.0
The touch is ok.. But it looks like iwatch. And battery is good. And specially the color .. I love the teal green color. Belt is good.,5.0
Money waste then time waste,1.0
Good activities tracking device,4.0
"Gives good count of calories in different modes like walking,running, yoga  and running and touch screen is good",5.0
Didn't know that there are no notifications for calls and messages. Wouldn't have bought it. Wasted money on this watch,2.0
It was Excellent product loved it,5.0
product seems to be not branded don't buy i am returning it,2.0
Its total waste of money. App not supporting. Step count is autonomous not depend on walking. Waste of money,1.0
Look and feel of the watch is amazing. Overall a good watch and meets the requirements within the budget .,5.0
They had given 10 days battery backup in product description but its having only 6-7 days battery backup.,3.0
There is a some issue of bluetooth connectivity and not receiving any kind notifications from the smart watch.Please Do The Needful!,1.0
"The item was good and first-rate! ...""Quality of the wrapping was outstanding. ...""Delivery was exceptionally speedy.",5.0
Sleep Tracking Algorithm needs some improvement. While Sleeping just after 30-40 minutes device vibrates and Shows Do some activity message on the screen.,5.0
I loved the watchIt's awesome 😍,5.0
Best product till now. look wise is best. Nice style pattern and low weight. Slim and good product. Look is cool. Perfectly fitting. Nice product,5.0
"To much slow mobile connectivity,And touch no words. after 3 or 4  then touch working and and same a display....😠😠",1.0
I was impressed by the design but fortunately I found this Noise colorfit pro 2 which looks very similar and premium like the apple Watch.,5.0
Not good experience with this watch,1.0
"Good watch at reasonable rate, you just need to handle it properly",5.0
Worth product in this price range. Good quality Stap.... Bright display... Esay to use... Would be more eye catchy if display screen is large,4.0
I am very happy with the product. It helps in tracking all kind of activities. I am happy that i can keep the track of my workouts.,5.0
"Full touch, battery backup, connectivity good. We need to arrange the apps in our order wise. Mi band having this feature...",4.0
"Better charge backupThe only this which I dislike is the app should run background always, if the app is closed watch will disconnet automatically",4.0
"This product is really amazing it is very helpful for Loosing weight and sleep 😴 tracking ,I like the most in that product is the look",5.0
Got this watch delivered on time and perfect condition works smoothly and hureey for quick delivery,5.0
Good for tracking fitness data......,5.0
Easy to use.  Awesome product.Battery back up is awesome..🔥Satisfied with all the features of this watch. ...,5.0
I wasn't even walk but the calorie count was showing that I am still burning calories! And the weird part is I wasn't even wearing the watch,3.0
Worst quality,1.0
"Very good product,  Stylish smart watch and touch screens works very well and battery is also good overall it's a nyc one",4.0
How to activate sleep mode,5.0
"The clarity and accuracy could have been remove more but overall it is a good product, comfortable to wear and looks good.",5.0
I didn't get my whatsapp notification or smart notification in my noise colorfit pro 2 smart watch.,2.0
Working nice,4.0
"Touch screen is really smooth but when it comes to accuracy it's little bit lagging, some times it delays in showing the notification",5.0
Look of the watch is really very cool. Battery life is totally amazing. Bad about this watch is that we cannot change the watch faces except this watch is totally perfect in this amount.,3.0
"Experience is not good, every time u see watch u press button, no sensor is there.",3.0
Very Cheap Item. It's not connected with mobile.Don't buy you Will loose money.,1.0
"The screen is an excellent, lightweight watch and excellent features from noise.",5.0
Mobile sync and spo2 features not available,2.0
Appeare Soo cute and good! Mobile Apps is good even sleep tracking good. Touch is need improvement may be is smalast screen!,5.0
Good watch with great features,5.0
The look feels great. But I don't have an option to sync my mobile apps with the watch. This is a big drawback for a smart watch. This feature should be added or it's not worth the price.,3.0
Best,5.0
Nice,5.0
It's good in this price range but there is an issue where ever if the phone is our hand  it will be disconnect by the noise application,4.0
"I like this product a lot and i used to wear every where during workout,when going college and even if im parties also",5.0
Nice product.,5.0
"Worst product for 3.5k . Indeed its worth for 500rs. Kindly dont buy noise, rather go for amazefit and for sure its worthy.",1.0
One default once call came we can't receive the call in watch  dont have receive option only reject option available,4.0
Realy very good product under this range of price its realy work good i lyk it,5.0
Apart from touch screen and limited face watches everything is good . looks premium on wrist .,3.0
Nice product.. 👍👍I loved it..The touch screen is awesome...Overall nice product..Thanku.. ❤,5.0
I like this watch... totally amazing product,5.0
Happy with the product ... it's been 1 months i am using it regularly..... little issue with connectivity some times......Overall fantastic watch.,4.0
"Beautiful design, Tracks activity well but connectivity range is not so good as compared to mi band 4.",5.0
I jus gifted my hubby .. He likes very much the model nd the facilites .. Thank u ...,5.0
Touch screen and accuracy are good . Good smart watch at decent price,5.0
"Love it, just go for it.",4.0
Sleeping tracking is good touch screen is good but a accessories as a very bad quality of the belt.,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   The Application consume too much battery otherwise the watch is good",4.0
"Each and every feature is good in this watch, just the build quality is too delicate",4.0
Useless product and now I want to return it they are not accepting the return so dont buy third class,1.0
Value for money nice watch,5.0
NICE SMART WATCH,4.0
It's good but price is high according to this product,3.0
"Touch is not at all good , response is once in 5 time",2.0
"Problem in face reading ,not showing appropriate step count not worth for money",1.0
Belt quality should be improved. Looks like delicate watch...,4.0
Battery backup is amazing best in office lifestyle. All function are working properly and build quality is nice,4.0
Display is not working now,1.0
"Screen size is to small, display is not based on watch size.",3.0
The product is good and sturdy. Feels very elite and the watch face is also given in variety. Overall the product is nice.,5.0
More screens should be added,4.0
Sleep Tracking and screen touch efficiency could get better. It feels like it's lagging when when scroll up down or left right.,5.0
Good watch in decent price... Should have given metalic body.. I can't receive notifications of incoming calls on the watch.,3.0
Do not buy this product. wastage of money. There is option to return the product within 10 days but Amazon refused to return the same.,1.0
"Good looking, compatible with Samsung device , fitness tracking is good satisfied with the product",5.0
The watch is really good. Features and specs are good. Overall the product is good. With amazing look.,4.0
I face a lot problem while connecting this in my device,5.0
Worst watch always get disconnected.... Connect 10 times in a day,1.0
Extremely satisfied with the performance,5.0
It is wast product no touch screen we use only side button and it is only use for seeing time and cutting incoming call......,1.0
Provided with a used product.....Not even it was factory reset from previous userNot to buy frm Amazon,1.0
Not working properly with android phone. Same is working with iPhone properly.No issue with iOS device.,4.0
The device is not at all capable to connect with phone and receive any messages. The device is complete waste of money.,1.0
Not very good it ok,2.0
It’s a good product helps me track my daily activities. The look is classy. Really happy with this purchase from Amazon,5.0
Nice Watch,5.0
The watch function is really great. An awesome product. The only problem is with the strap color. It is getting dull.,4.0
Fake third class product very disappointing don’t go for it very very bad 😡,1.0
I received defective product watch strap was cutI m very disappointed with Amazon,4.0
Excellent product.,5.0
Awesome product good quality works superb would recommend my family n friends as well👍👍👍👍👍,5.0
Really an amazing product,4.0
"Shock resistance, water proof, led light, stopwatch, and has a daily alarm and GPS for every contry time .",5.0
"Good product, with good accuracy. Noise have to work on the Build quality. Otherwise a great buy.",5.0
It's a good product and it's having good features also I am happy with the quality of the product,5.0
It as very good at tracking daily activities like sleep tracking and the accuracy was so correctTouch also working properly,5.0
Product is very good😊😊fully satisfied😊but delivery boy's behaviour was too much rude.i just don't like his behaviour.,5.0
I got a defective piece what is refund processPls tell me,4.0
"Sleep tracking is ok , accuracy its nice and touch is very smooth , battery backup is super.But plz update more unique watchface",3.0
I have purchased this in June 2020 and now it's started corrosion on charging point.See attached picture.,1.0
"Battery is gud,touch is gud looking like Apple Watch ,strap and water resistance is good",4.0
Good smart watch with stylish look,5.0
Wonderful product at this price range,5.0
Too goodAccurate heart rate trackingNice touch screenDifferent types of wallpaperEverything is good,5.0
Don't buy Wurst products....,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Nice excellent product",5.0
It's very useful and it's very beautiful smart watch I like,5.0
"If I could rate it Zero, I would have rated it Zero only...One of the worst watch I have ever seen...With zero accuracy and waste of money.",1.0
Nice watch but it does not show accurate steps. Overall watch is fantastic.,4.0
It really doesnt look same typ as it is into pictures,1.0
Waste of money. Stopped working within 2 months. Not charging or even not working a bit. It's totally a useless product.,1.0
Product is good 🤩😍but there is no branding on straps..😒😶(Not as shown as product description picture),5.0
Everything is worth the price. The response time should have been a little better. But still.. a little work on that would have been good.,4.0
I like this product,4.0
Over all a good product except the battery life,3.0
I had opened parcel and see box already opened and not seal on box and watch and watched also on so I think it was used watch.,3.0
I did not wear my watch today. But it recorded heart rate. It shows all fake data. Better stay away from this product,1.0
Touch Screen,5.0
Awesome product for the money.The water resistance is absolutely amazing.,5.0
I am liking this product very useful to me. Comparing to other market product in this segment this is very much brilliant.,5.0
I am not sure how to use sleep tracking but its not working i guess,5.0
உடனடியாக மாற்று பொருள் தேவைநான் வாங்கியது உங்களிடம் மூன்றாம் தர கம்பெனி மேல பழி சொல்லாதே,5.0
Good product,4.0
Good product battery life is good overall good product to buy.😊 Happy with all features.,5.0
Not working properly and On this I had log the Complainant as well but not getting solutions yet.,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Product  is good ,but little bit slow response",4.0
This product is best ..but is problem is mobile app vary slow to connect....,5.0
Nice watch..Value for money..Battery backup is also..Comfortable to wear..,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   My new purchased smart watch pro 2  touch not working. Though watch is working properly but touch is not working at all",2.0
Worst product!Initially it was showing notifications.. Later it stopped on its own.Not worth it,1.0
Calling and WhatsApp intemation is not available in this model else product is good.,4.0
"Looks like Apple watch amazing people are thinking that this is a Apple watch,😂😂😂",4.0
"Overall product is good.Track heart rate.Can receive mobile notifications.Also, reminds to take activity.",3.0
Features are good and has a premium look.,5.0
"Battery backup is awesome, I have not tested sleep tracking. I feel distance tracking is not accurate.",4.0
Eveything is good ! Battery backup upto 7days,5.0
Charging cable is not delivered though mentioned in the box. Kindly arrange to deliver.,1.0
The color came entirely different and bright.. really disappointing to see such difference in the color,1.0
It is amazing prduct. I'm totally satisfied with your product.I will like to purchase another product soon,5.0
👍,4.0
All over good but have huge touch issues.Batter backup very good.Call option showing perfectly.,5.0
Excellent watch and i recommended to everyone to buy this watch if you are fitness lover,5.0
Charging cable or may b watch charging slotOne of them is defectedI want replace ment in warranty,2.0
"There is a problem in connectivity, automatically for every 20 minutes  it's disconnecting with Bluetooth.",4.0
My watch is not charging please help me in this matter..only 2months ago I purchased it 😣,1.0
Device connectivity issue,1.0
Ok,3.0
Great product and great design.,5.0
Not meeting the expectations ..... according to price it is not good ...over all it's okay,1.0
Noise color fit pro 2 is one of the best Smart watch in market with offering best price...,5.0
Weight and feel of this watch is really good!!Notifications responsiveness is quick.,5.0
Not working requested for replacemet but it shows delivery in Dec month kindly help,1.0
Battery life is very good,5.0
"Product looking good,but battery life very worst.battery work only a day, after it was dead.service not good",1.0
Product is not connected properly. And alarm system is failed.,1.0
Mobile app for ios needs upgradation. Overall satisfied with the product.,5.0
I have used the product for mobile app.It was quite helpful for me and its an awesome smart watch,4.0
Loved using it,5.0
I carried the watch with me to Africa and I cannot register it with my local African mobile number. Kindly advise.,2.0
Heart rate sensor doesn't work properly resulting inaccurate calorie counting. Useless for workouts.,1.0
Good quality 👌,4.0
"Sleep tracking I didn't use much,Mobile app very slowTouch screen is delayed",5.0
I am satisfied with this product.. its comfortable to wear and value for money product..,5.0
A very Amazing watch I've ever used. I am suggesting people to buy it . A very good product from noise. : -),5.0
Touch response is good and quality too but mobile app kind wrost,3.0
"Hello Team,I don't want to replace this. I am not happy with the product. Kindly refund .",2.0
It is a good watch but it looks like apple watch  you can buy it it is a good watch,5.0
Dont buy this watch as sensors are not working fine after few days of purchase,1.0
"The product is amazing, is very helpful in many different ways.Has amazing features for a good price",4.0
"Worth for money. The Accuracy is quite good and the colours are also sharp , the system sometimes become slow but works good .",5.0
"Only 2 days it was connected to mobile,bluetooth not connecting",1.0
This watch not call and social media alert properly and noise android app not satishfy to me slow and bed function,1.0
"Nice package, recd on time. Great detailed manual instructions. Started using it and feel comfortable and pretty accurate.",5.0
"Can't receive cal ,only can get alert....",4.0
Best smart watch in low range,5.0
Great buy!!! Love to wear my watch,5.0
This product worst ever I have use only 1 month and they was nt charging please change my product,1.0
Wore it 24/7 and used it for a week. This watch doesn’t sync correctly with my iPhone with Current and Updated iOS versions.,1.0
The band is not that glazing,2.0
Good,4.0
What I expected... I got.... Exactly...,4.0
It's a good product .,5.0
Consumes hours to reconnect daily morning or whenever the phone gets switched off or gets disconnected,2.0
Am faced music control problem and product price 500 dropped in just 25 days am lossed 500 with this,2.0
This watch is really awesome and useful for tracking health updates and workouts,5.0
Poor material n quality at least 1st copy of other watches is of better quality,1.0
Bad no features like so2 etc,1.0
Great watch...worth buying in the price range it is...All the functions are good can improve in sleep tracking...,5.0
Nice suitable watch for me. Sleep tracking also working perfect and accuracy is good! Touch screen can be little more good.,5.0
All the features of the watch is perfect except 1 notification and call alert dosent come at all but smart watch is perfect ☺️,4.0
Nice watch but difficulty in seeing the screen when outdoors,5.0
Nice smartwatch at this price.Premium design.,5.0
Value for money,5.0
I don't like the strap of the watch and they are not even returning the product with which I am unhappy,1.0
Overall I would rate it average,4.0
Ok good,4.0
It's good for this price point,5.0
"It's an amazing product, worth the price and really useful.It has an accurate tracking and loaded with features",5.0
The device doesn't connect with the app most of the times. The data gets lost in the process.,2.0
Worth the buy,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very nice and great experience !I love it .worth it ..do buy .",5.0
No accuracy to step count. It shows 20% less. Not to buy. Waste of money,1.0
I want this product returns due to unsatisfied the charging and rapidly down and some technical issu,1.0
Satisfied.....the only thing missing is that you can’t set an image of your like for the watch face....otherwise everything is okay.👍,5.0
Noise pro2 is excellent  and very nice. Touch screen is very good. I am waiting for the next level with call function and other advanced features of noise..,5.0
Looks amazing. Color variants are lovely. Fitness tracking and mobile app are convenient.,5.0
Very nice,4.0
Useless product,1.0
Tracking steps and its really nice,5.0
Gud products but not so attractive. I feel like to buy other watch.,3.0
The accuracy is not that great.,2.0
Worth buying,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Sleep tracking",5.0
Product has connectivity issue and battery drains too fast.,1.0
In one sentence I would say...awesome....value for money...,5.0
Am loveing the watch prety good to useI have purchased 2 of them it really worth for money...,5.0
The color is very dull and the screen is a bit small if you compare it with the description given on amazon.,3.0
Nice productsNoise delivered me as expected,5.0
Very useful at this price,5.0
I liked the performance of the watch and I didn't like touch screen and mobile app,4.0
"It's nice looking watch. Accurate timing , foot steps , activity tracking, heart rate monitoring...I'm completely happy with colorfit pro 2.",4.0
Everything nice but little more disappointed this product but money worth for this product,4.0
Worst product. Automatically gets disconnected and for 1-2 hours the calls notification will work then it gets disconnected. Worst watch ever.,1.0
"Noisefit app is not working properly, most of the time disconnected otherwise very good product.",5.0
Please please do not buy this itemIt's such a bad item I have seen ever.,1.0
Got unsealed pack,1.0
Ok,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Amazing watch, good features along with good durability.",5.0
All over is gud mt strap should be little thin....,4.0
Watch is not accurate also it should have gps tracker while we are running or cycling also it's app is not good enough,3.0
Nice watch,4.0
"Good result  , touch screen good work",5.0
Good product. Worth buying 👍,5.0
Battery drained out with in 4 months and I'm not able to get my warranty coverage.,1.0
"It's was not a Android smart watch, I cant use facebook,watsup that's I'm returning the product",1.0
Satisfied with the service.,5.0
Great product hope it's not Chinese.,5.0
The tracking system is accurate and help us track our steps correctly. Touch screen is also nice.,4.0
Superb productValue for money,5.0
Call notification not show in watch.....still i have on call notification setting in watch..,1.0
Touch Screen is not responsive properly and Accuracy is not a good at all. Battery Life is amazingly good.,2.0
not properly work ... some time didn't show notification.. touch is good but watch waste of money 🙏,2.0
Perfect smartwatch at an affordable price..,5.0
"Its cool and i liked it,  best smart watch at this rate its really a PRO..........",5.0
Sleep tracking and heart rate sensor is good.Touch screen could be more smooth.,5.0
"Worstu product plz don't buy this. It doesn't worth for 100rs , i beg u not to buy this product completely useless",1.0
"Product is good,but not support to apple.",4.0
Need to add watch face while updating app,5.0
Overall rating is good to the expectation,5.0
Very good quality ....also same like apple watch but Foot step count  is not perfect....,5.0
"Battery life is good,design is good, tracking is more than averageOnly con is it's disconnect more often",5.0
All functions are working properly but sleep tracking not working as I expected.,4.0
Overall satisfied with the performance however there ia a slight improvement needed in the touch commands,5.0
The watch is awesome at this rate. It's working very good and keeps track of every activity.,5.0
"Everything is just great except for connectivity, it always gets disconnected, you have to unbind your band always.",2.0
App frequently ask for update. And the old data is not restored.,2.0
Its show inaccurate data for sleep. Touch screen is very laggy.. And lift wrist is very slow almost takes more than 2 seconds to wake.,1.0
"You can check your heart rate, you can manage music, call, text ,everything.. and lastly love the sport mode.",5.0
Liked the product very muchSleep tracking is most accurateTouch response is also good,5.0
Noise said touch screen size is 41x36 mm but touch screen size is 25x 25 mm it's not looks good.,4.0
"Disconnected Every time, Having Charger Problems. Very Bad Response from Service Centre.",1.0
I really like this watch...i use this watch while jogging...i really find it useful..,4.0
"Sleep tracker is good,its difficult to see under sun...it is actually a fitness band not exactly a smart watch...",3.0
Product is fine you can opt to buy it ..,5.0
Battery backup is very good looking good and comfortable to wearing great product thanks noise fit and Amazon,5.0
I disliked the belt quality. I developed the skin allergy near the belt area. Otherwise the product is good,4.0
Very bad,1.0
"First ever smart watch I owned superb quality, rugged and smart at same time.",5.0
I didn't liked the product..and have placed for return..still amazon is not reverting back..,1.0
The band of watch is broken including battery needs to be charge after 1hour of full charge,1.0
"This is really a good watch, only need of improvement is with touch screen, it is a bit slow in its response.",5.0
So NYC,5.0
Superb performance osm watch,5.0
It is really awesome and cool.I like it's features specially sports mode.,5.0
Nice quality,5.0
No calling option and only we can see the msgs that too not all the messages.,1.0
"All is good but some time it didn’t connect so u have to pair 2,3 times and then off the clock then it was ok over is good in this budget",5.0
Call and messages are getting notifications but I'm getting watsapp messages and alerts,3.0
Almost good but accuracy is not good one important thing not give to touch glass go protect the screen and watch is good,5.0
Excelent performance of watch but app is lagging and automatically disconnected many times in a day.,5.0
Overall a good purchase.Mobile app gets disconnected again and again.,4.0
Very bad battery backup. Someone notification for the call does not display.,2.0
nice,4.0
"Best watch Under 2500/- ,Noise should improve its Touch quality .Rest watch is very stylish",4.0
I use this everyday for almost everything and it has been consistent and appropriate in its working!,5.0
Heart beat tracking and sleep tracking not accurate..Else best watch at this price thumbs up for noise,4.0
Looks very good.  battery backup is to long. No need to charge again and again. It Tracks everything.,5.0
The display is very bad☹️☹️☹️☹️,2.0
"It is very nice , useful for fitness. Walking, heart beat reading many more over all Good",5.0
Amazing product value for money also specially light and the color is amazing.,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Awesome product thanks to Amazon for this device worth of it",5.0
"The watch is really good, what i really like about it is it’s accuracy in tracking my workout sessions.",5.0
Touch is not workingFace seems hangedUnable to contact customer care,1.0
"Received used product, belt spots on belt and  colour faded, please don't buy 😡",1.0
This product is not perfect as aspected or only it have 5 themes and every this is not perfect working bad product,1.0
Watch is good.worth for its price...had issue regarding display they soon replaced it with new one..good service.,5.0
"Fitness watch, not a complete  smart watch.",3.0
I can't able to see call notifications,1.0
Good product with robust build quality. Some more faces and interactive features should be added.,4.0
The noise fit app is too slow and  and doesn't work properly,4.0
Bp monitor is not accurate but spo2 is perfect,4.0
The product itself is very nice looking everything looks perfect but the dial faces  apart from one or two all other looks cheap chinese.,2.0
Not at all happy.  Within a month the watch stopped charging.  Informed gonoise customer care.  Their verdict awaiting.,1.0
It has connectivity problems and the gps stops tracking after slme time.,3.0
Watch is good but app connectivity is not good . Many time disconnected . App connectivity is not good . BAD,4.0
"Amazing ...♥️ . smart watch...and I just happy to get it.Touch , and all functions working very good and accurate..it could be best with antifingureprint coding...",4.0
"Hi this is not useful better use mobile app for the step count,Total waste of money",2.0
The touch screen is very good. I am satisfied with its working. The mobile app must be upgraded,5.0
"Accuracy of this smartwatch not so great, touchscreen also a big disappointed ,battery life much better but no worth to purchase this.",3.0
Really it's worth of 3k....gives a classic look.... suits in all outfits....loved it..,5.0
Good enough,5.0
Great value for money,5.0
It's not calculating sleeping cycle properly.,2.0
Not satisfied with the colour of the product.All over the watch is good.,3.0
No very accurate. Counts steps when u travel in car in a bumpy road.,3.0
Its a combination of great features with great look,5.0
"Best in this price range with multiple features like sleep tracking, what's app and call alerts .",5.0
I m very happy for this product but aap is not good functional well and this product notification is not show,4.0
It's working fine I'm happy with that and better battery pack up also,5.0
It can not track sleeping hours in day time.But finally it justifys the price value. Nice product.,5.0
It's nice product..,5.0
Love this watch,5.0
This Watch has nice features in the price range.,5.0
What a disappointed app not able to paire so that we want to return this,1.0
Initial I was getting issue in syncing the watch to app....every week I had to sync or I need to install the app again and sync it,4.0
Bro it is very good but don't on it while you are changing the theme,5.0
Very much awesome product to.use.for.both android and iPhone users,5.0
"If you have bugget of 7,000 or around so i prefer go with noise evolve (Rohit Sharma edition).",4.0
Everything is good 👍 abt this product 👍...................I recommend you to buy this product and price is reasonable,4.0
Nice product,3.0
Very Good Watch..I love it🥰,5.0
👍👍👍,4.0
Charging is not properly working...,5.0
It’s been a year and still working Nicely,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Awesome with best features in bedget...",5.0
The product is amazing...just wowwww.. it give you a classy look😍,5.0
I like it very much good product,5.0
It's watch is really smart watch and also medium size and low budget watch. Very nice products.,5.0
Bad quality,1.0
App doesn't work. Not able to get notifications in the phone.,5.0
Disconnect Kab ho jayega aur apko pata bhi nahi chalega,2.0
Nice,5.0
This watch offers best feature under 4k it's worth to buy (i am using this watch for 1month and my experience with this watch is very nice),5.0
Worth it and I bought it for my little bro. It looks stylish and he likes it a lot..,4.0
Comfort watch and looking goodSimply stylish 👍,5.0
The smart notification feature is the worst one,2.0
Value for money,5.0
I could not even find NoiseFit sport named app on iOS,1.0
Good,4.0
Screen lags the touch screen is not proper.Unabke to change the wallpaper like the previous version of noise.,3.0
Excellent,5.0
Not connected network fail,1.0
Fake product or faulty productIts been three days requested for returnStill didn't picked up,1.0
Nice product,5.0
Nice,4.0
Like,5.0
Too small screen . Touch sensation is rough as well as not good as i expected,2.0
this product is owsm❤️all features are working properlylove it noise products ❤️,5.0
Worst product which I purchased in all over the past years,1.0
Wallpaper features must update please,5.0
This product is amazing but i really like it,5.0
The model is different than what I see in the picture. Doesn't get connected to the device easily.,1.0
good,5.0
"Nice Product, value for money",4.0
Mobile app,5.0
The product is very accurate and since I bought it I am in love with it overall the product is amazing,5.0
Not wht was shown before buying,1.0
step counter is not accurate...,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very good product and bettery backup is 14 days",5.0
The watch is working perfect and it is absolutely like how the described the features.,5.0
Used the watch for last 15 days working very good n tracking is also going good.,5.0
"Great watch for tracking our overall fitness level with heart rate, sleep etc.",5.0
"Good product, satisfied",4.0
Awesome at this price .,4.0
screan touch is worse  i don't like it....... and other function is good.. you should improve touch quality,5.0
"Look for other options,bad Mobile app connectivity,calls unable to pick",3.0
Nice product& battery also good 14days Used full charge battery,5.0
"Nice product, the functions are appreciated",5.0
It don't show every notification only sms and call notification shows as described on details.,1.0
I am two time replace product. But problem show same. Notification not came. Only time date.,2.0
Nice design not worth the money but still good design and display is good even outdoor display visibility is good.,4.0
Excellent product but watch face not working properly in application,5.0
Their always an issue in recieving notification and strap quality is not satisfactory.,4.0
Bought for my son .he is very happy and satisfied nd now want to buy upgraded one ❤️❣️,5.0
Alarm set problem and Bluetooth problem with phone connectivity,5.0
Overall it is a good product.,3.0
"No oxygen check, so its costly on basis of working not  good",1.0
"Only looking is good, except for this everything is very bad",1.0
"Affordable  price, good features.My lifestyle is more smart now.",5.0
Worth the price,4.0
"Touch response is ok.but wrist lift sensor is too slow, in response.Sleep track is ok.",3.0
Poor quality product. Touch does not work swiftly. Not worth the price at all,1.0
Good,5.0
Niceee,3.0
Step counting is very inaccurate. Very disappointed,2.0
Working good. Nice features. Long battery life.,5.0
This is a very basic smartwatch as we live in 2021 we need more in compact.,3.0
Bought it around a year back for my dad it's working fine. Kind of satisfied.,4.0
"Touch screen is amazing, looking amazing, light weight, prize 👍👍,",5.0
I forgot my charger that's why l can't use my watch.. last 2 month.,5.0
A nice one .,5.0
Waste product I never seen,1.0
Notification icon for aaps not working properly this watch is worlds worst smartwatch brand wastee of money,1.0
Heart rate monitoring function is working not good but overall Nice smartwatch..,4.0
Don't buy don't buyLooking good but not good enough for working,1.0
Application is not gud...... Sometimes in app it's showing connected but in watch it is not connected...... Not a worth 3500,2.0
"I liked the product very much,mobile app is very useful to track daily excercises.",5.0
This is light weight product and touch is also fine only little poor about accuracy but overall it is good to use,4.0
Not work properly specially notifications,1.0
Satisfied,5.0
"Watch is working for given price, however display can be better with screen size till corners of the watch.",4.0
आर्डर रीटन हि करना मुझे पसंद नहीं आयादुसरा मत भेजना,1.0
worth every money spent.  So attractive and works versus well.  Excellent purchase.,5.0
connectivity issue,1.0
This product is very good looking and and touch is also too good.I love this smart watch.,5.0
Good Product,5.0
Good for fitness....,4.0
Has a lot of features at a very less price,5.0
"Everything is going fine,  using from 15 days battery life last for 5 to 6 days ... only thing is Need more watch faces...",4.0
"Its battery life is excellent,Screen is little bit small otherwiseIt is a great product",5.0
"Touch screen little bit slow, wrist flip very slow. Except this everything is fine.",5.0
The functionality could have been better. The touch screen is sometimes insensitive.,3.0
Worst product I get from Amazon till now the watch screen touch is not working,1.0
Production is very good..but connection with mobile slow. Otherwise very supportive for health...,5.0
"Required more watch faces and custom watch face also, user interface is not good. Lift wrist screen sense is takes delay to screen on.",3.0
Nice smart watch with Amazing features and valuable price.,5.0
Superb watch  I really want to thank the company to bring like this watches,5.0
It records everythingSports mode are helpfulRecord is there.,5.0
"Accuracy is good, touch might be more better. The most disappointing thing is watch face. We cannot add custom watch faces.",4.0
It show incoming call. Its very helpful while driving.,3.0
"Looks dashing, knows its job. Ease of band change makes it so good",4.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Watch is to good but don't have more face",4.0
Superb product ...its very helpful watch.... all other purpose....,5.0
Nice fitU can buy,4.0
Awesome product,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   No dislikes it's really good",5.0
It is good and also have a great tracking of my sports activities .. and also I like it's design..,5.0
All over goodI have an issue with the screen they many scratching its not scratch proof,5.0
Yes,4.0
OK it's good product you can bye,5.0
App create problem several times,4.0
Wonderful product.... Many features in a small amount... Must buy,5.0
Completely Satisfied with product.Has all the features i needed. You can go for it and I love it .,5.0
Sync between watch and mobile is too slow. Battery life is good.,5.0
Good product! Battery will last around 10 hrs or more . Very useful for the particular functions!!,5.0
"Best watch in the price segment. Better than amazefit. Planning to buy it, go on, you have my blessings",5.0
Nice product,4.0
I am still not able to figure out sleep tracking but it's still worth the buy..,5.0
This product not at all as per the expectation. Not worth what you pay...absolute waste of money.,2.0
Sleep tracking poorMobile app more watch face requiredTouch screen too good,4.0
Watch doesn't sync automatically and also gets disconnected with mobile app while one is asleep.,2.0
Sensors are bit slow but at this price at i like this product thank you amazon,3.0
Look wise its Good. Depending on this range the touchscreen and display is very good.,4.0
"Worst smart watch ,it was used and looks like a duplicate plastic model",1.0
Perfect watched,5.0
An amazing product,4.0
Every feature of watch is good and functions accurately except spo2  and battery,4.0
Notifications are not working / pop ups. Sometimes I get them in Chinese languages & email notifications are not available,3.0
Got 2 times red colour. It is not a cherry red. Colour is totally different,1.0
Nice watch,5.0
Nice product worth it,5.0
Very nice watch and very good service,5.0
Awesome watch 👍 nice working and look wise too cool... Must say to all ho for it guys 😃,5.0
Noise watch is great for the price range that it comes in.  Good add to the collection.,5.0
Adapter was not there in the box is there any possible way to get an adapter ..?,3.0
Sleep tracking is not working,4.0
