review,rating
"Fantastic delivery by Amazon. BUT STRANGE, was not in normal Amazon packaging???USB cable faulty, careful study shows a duplicate as no ceramic finish, plus pins are not in line.Installation is done by me using old cable, printer working fine no problems there.WHY IS IT NOT POSSIBLE TO EXCHANGE CABLE ONLY? don't want to return whole product waste time, and had disposed of the original packing.Strongly recomend anyone, not to accept product if not in amazon packing, think this was my problem.however was in hp packing and sealed, but who knows who is responsible? all i need is a cable, price on amazon approx 1500, printer cost approx 3000. ""crazy""",2.0
"Good decent printer. But difficult to find replacement cartridges. Made huge mistake by buying this printer. If you doubt me, check in Amazon for HP 805 cartridge. Even HP website don't have them. I can't even return the printer. When cartridge dries up, I can't buy original cartridges. May be have the printer as show piece.",2.0
"Worst printer. Just to check, gave a print for 50 black and white pages. The original cartridge got over. Original 805 model B&W cartridge would cost you around 800/-. Which means one black and white print will cost you 16/-. U can go to a photo shop and get a print on canvas at this price. Worst printer. I regret as there is no return only replacement. Please don't get cheated.",1.0
"waste  of the money to buy this printer, the link will just dry within 2 weeks if you are not using it, the new cartridge cost is very high , you buy 2 cartridge at the same cost of printer, the cost of printer ink is more then human blood. better use your own blood for printing it will be much cheaper",1.0
"FIrst of all a big thanks to Amazon for quick delivery (within 2 days). Also thanks to the delivery boy for his behavior and politeness. Really impressed.Now coming to the main topic.  I got HP Deskjet 2131 Printer at just ₹2699 during republic day sale.It is very easy to install the printer alongwith its cartridges. Its looks are superb. Printing quality is also great (I have attached the snapshot of sheet that I printed just!).  The scan feature is just rocking because it works very fast. But the printing quality should be improved.So friends, go for HP Deskjet 2131 printer without any tension.",5.0
Per page is too costly approx 16 to 40 Rupees per page do not recommend for homeIts better print the pages from outside market.Also shared in the Facebook and recommend my friends and colleagues do not purchase this printers .,1.0
"Defective product, not able to print a single page. Carriage struck in the sides of the printer loudly. Now I have to contact HP service. Very painful process",1.0
"Got New and good working Product,if you don't want to buy cartridges you can use ink to refill the cartridges,ink can be found in local stores.ink is 50% cheaper than cartridges and there is a lot of link in the bottles",5.0
Don't ever buy this printer...instead go for ink tank ones...although this one is cheaper the ink cartridges will cost you the same amount in which u can buy a new printer again... not worthy from such a big brand HP...they made the printer price less but kept cartridge price the highest among all of its range...simply fooling customers..even cannot use any other cartridge and refilling was also complex.. sometimes works sometimes not :(,1.0
"Cartridge is very expensive....not recommended to buy this product .Not Cost effective at all ,Priniting from local shop will be cheaper than printing at home",1.0
"Good printer for home use.1. Very easy to install and use. Installation directions comes with product.2. This printer has no WiFi functionality. Hence, needs to be connected with laptop/desktop with a cable while printing.3. Print speed is ok, not great (very fast)4. Double side printing is not automatic. Need to manually feed the pages back to printer if we need printing on both sides of the page.4. Copy (Photostat) functionality is good. Can copy both in color and black&white.5. Scan functionality is also good. Once the necessary drivers are installed as part of the installation and printer is added to laptop/desktop, one will understand how to use the scan functionality.",5.0
"I purchased this product in 2017 during Amazon sale. This printer is very easy to use and very friendly but cartridge is the biggest issue. With the company provided catrdige, you would be able to hardly print 15 to 20 sheets. If you do not use the printer even for 2-3 days, the ink will dry and you will have to replace the cartridge.Each catridge would cost approx 1000 and you would be able to print max 90 pages and each page print would approximately cost you 11 Rupees, which is very bad.I sold this in OLX for 1.5k and brought a ink based printer from Epson for 6.5K. This printer prints 6000 sheets for a catridge worth 500. The cost of each color print would be approximately 18 Paise.Think well before you buy this printer.",1.0
"Finally after spending two days on it, I was able to install the drivers on mac1. Download Hp easy start2. Click contw, it will connect to hp.com and ask to download Hp smart software(This software doesent detect the printer)3. Click cross button (the one to close the app)4.You will get three options. Click skip to software download5.It will start searching for software, if it doesent detect printer, hold power off button of printer for few seconds and click restart6. Now you will be able to install the drivers.",5.0
The printer called is very best than compared to 10000 worth of rupees printer and I am using the printer for my life time user can have that why because the printing called is superior than Canon laser are made any Epson printer I am using the cartridge buy refilling the ink by injecting so the print rate for each black and white pages but at least 10 piece just timepass only and the colour print called as a 25 may be when you are using refilling the cartridge through injection so I already purchased some of ink refilling in c m y k from your Amazon website they also good everything is good regarding this product I give five out of 5 marks,5.0
"Pros-Print quality is really great.-Print speed is fast compared to its previous models.-Installation is very easy.-Works with OTG cable in Android-Lightweight-Good Build qualityCons-Works with OTG cable in Android (However you cannot adjust the print size or quality. It just prints a single image on full size page)-The software immediately displays the ink levels as half empty even if you just printed a single page.-Ink is too damn costly.If you have an occasional use of coloured printing, go for it. It's the best in price range. But for regular use it'll put a whole in your pocket.",5.0
Nice,3.0
"Not that much of good quality printer it is, I have order two printers instead of one, unfortunately it was happened by amazon's recommendation options for sure. The tech team and the seller should take care of this feature when its availing to any of customer its getting automatically adding two quantity in the cart section, I was usually do double check but I missed to confirming this time. My bad! Amazon tech team is also not ready to help me out. They saying that as per our policy is not allowing us! I'll tell one thing Amazon team! ""Policies are only made for product not for humans' tech activity mistake!""",2.0
It is a good printer.. I would say the bestBut its only good if you print for like 15-20 pages a month .. (mostly for home use)I ordered this for my study room..So I print for like 15 pages a month ..If u r using it at home or will consume it less then this is the right product..If u are looking for an office use or you will use it everyday then this product is not for you...I would recommend you to go for other optionsBut for few prints (home use) its the best productEasy to use / install / clean etc..I loved it .. it worked for meLookwise 👍Printing quality 👍Colour print 👍Over all A BIG THUMBS UP 👍 ONLY FOR...,5.0
Good. Printer. Ever. I. PurchasedEays. To. Handle it. Good. For. Home. Student etc. i am satisfied with this. Product,5.0
"One of the worst purchase i have ever got from amazon..reasons to justify are as below.1)First of all the outer box is not completely sealed..2)printer is not a brand new one,its a product returned by someone..we can clearly see the invoice of others..3)both the ink catridges are missing from this peice.How can someone dispatch an used item and more over without even seeing wether box has all the products.Terrific customer experience.",1.0
"This printer is a very cool deal in this price point. You can print , scan and copy easily. I personally liked this product. It is best suitable for home use. However printing rate is a little slow but it produces high quality prints.Based on my observations, I can say that -1) Printing speed - 7/102) Print quality - 10/103) Command (how fast it catches the commands) - 9.5/104) Durability - 9/105) Scanning - 10/106) Functioning of buttons placed on the printer - 10/10One more thing that I can see on this printer that it will not catch the paper on the tray if only one is placed. You have to manually press that single paper so only your printer will recognize it.Otherwise everything is good.",5.0
"I bought it at very affordable price of 2500₹. It's really easy to install. One can search for installation process on YouTube and then follow the procedure. Print quality is too good. The best feature is that it's 3 in one printer which can print, scan and copy. The thing I didn't liked much about it is cartilage which may dry up so you need to use the printer in every 2-3 days. All the cartilage can finish after printing 100 pages. It's good for those who use it for personal home use.",5.0
"If you know how to remove a few pieces of sticky tape and follow pictorial illustrations to slot in the ink cartridges, the initial setup is easy. What is not so easy is getting HP's Smart App to work. It's an utterly senseless interface with ambiguous prompts and instructions. Once you have figured out that you don't need to 'add' the already installed printer, then you run into a regularly freezing app. Thank goodness for Ctrl-Alt-Del. HP offers no advice or good solutions for their Smart App's freezing problem. There is a workaround though, which I finally discovered after trying umpteen number of things. Terrible terrible 'Not-Smart' app. Print quality is OK. Scan quality is poor.",3.0
"Printer is budget product for home use, but original ink is a big scam, 2 Rs. manufacturing cost of product has MRP Rs. 754/-. And local ink refill will not work every time, Sometimes cartridge will failed, some time printer will block the cartridge. and indicator light will blink continuously.  Reset and other tricks available in youtube will not work once cartridge blocked.",1.0
"ABOUT THE PRINTER:-user-friendly, medium-sized not too big or too small. good for desk and personal use.2 ink cartridges come with the printer. it's a light lavender coloured printer which I love. there's no printing paper with it.HOW TO INSTALL:-so I am writing this because I myself had never used a printer in my life on my own.1. remove the covers and plastics and the cardboard inside protecting the ink slots. adjust the paper alignment (the paper alignment bar can be moved to adjust) and close the inner door from where the print will come out, only open the outer door.2. connect the wires to your laptop/desktop and go to the website provided in the pamphlet.3. follow the instructions from the website and you're done!!hope it helped :)",5.0
Defective product. After installation almost I have wasted my 2 hours with HP team for getting my problem resolution of paper not loading.. and they have assigned an engineer for resolution of the same ...25-Jan-2021: As per HP care Team product is faulty and needs to be replaced.27-Jan-2021: Replacement product received. Which is also faulty and now a refund is initiated.In case you want to waste you 1 week for this long process go ahead and purchase this trouble box.,1.0
"It is simply impossible to understand as to why HP cannot create a simple installation system. You have to first download an app which then refuses to recognise the printer and keeps asking to ""connect"" the printer when it is already connected! In three days after delivery, I have somehow managed to install the printer on two laptops and still waiting for HP app to work on one more laptop. All in all, utterly third grade product. I had canon printer earlier which was fast easier to install and operate. Not surprisingly, HP has named its printer driver as ""HP Smart"" - it is the dumbest app around",1.0
"I was using an HP 1515 all-in-one printer for several years but it got stuck with a paper jam problem. It did not have any setup cartridges, but this 2331 printer is having them. Instead of simplifying setup, HP is making it more and more complicated. Since the setup cartridges are to be thrown out after a 5-minute use, they only serve the purpose of eco-unfriendliness. I can manage with this 2331 because I am running a one-man business.",1.0
"On time delivery by Amazon. Print quality is GOOD, on par with any other printer at this price range. But canon mg2570s & mg2577s are cheaper & comes with cheaper cartridges (something I observed).  It takes some time for the Scanning & printing process but thats normal for home use & even OK for small home business uses. The lid hinge looks & feels quite flimsy though.  Installation process was hassle free. Online Registration was swift. Hp's app is super easy to use just uninstall the bloatware ;)  Refill cartridge is some what expensive but thats inevitable with any inkjet printer (no point in blaming only hp for that) but canon's 745s black & 746s color cartridges are relatively cheaper, (around 200/- less)  Overall Good product, at the price of 3K it gets the job done without any trouble.",4.0
"Best in this price. Budget friendly.The print quality is awesome for colour and black and white print both.We never used printer before but installation was very easy.Yes, print speed is bit slow but we don't need to open a shop, in 3400 INR it serves more than it needs to be. Scanner is awesome and fast too. I am truly satisfied with the purchase.It is being used frequently by all of us in our family.",5.0
"Print quality is good. The ink that comes with the printer is demo one, good for around 25 bw and around12 color pages. After that, the new ink cartridges are costly. Almost 12 rupees per bw and 20 rupees per color sheet. If you use it frequently to do not go for this.",3.0
"Please don't buy this printer seeing the cost. The cartridges finished super fast and absolutely does not work if you try to refill it back. The cartridge is of course qay expensive. We already had a hp printer but after a while you obviously don't get the cartridge (ploy to sell new models understood). Got this one for OCCASIONAL printing, but now having a bad headache coz of it. Less than a star.",1.0
Usng it is very costly the cartrigde ends very soon and then when you want to buy a new one it's about half the price of printer.! cartridge prints not more than 40 pages My printer After the 2 cartridges which were included with it got over i could not dare to buy new one because of its price and so i threw my printer,1.0
"this printer received as faulty; xerox & scan functionality never worked.contacted amazon for return straightaway; but as it's under warranty of HP, the only way is to contact HP to fix it.HP engineer came up and detected faulty scanner head and promised to replace it soon; now it's more than 2 months and still waiting it to be fixed.disappointed, AVOID !",1.0
Print quality is ok.. Not good for printing on smooth surfaces because ink does not dry. Not good for printing on both side u need to change paper manually. Color cartage gets over in 50 pages black and white in 65 print speed is slow 3  color paper per minute 5 back and white per minute. Scan takes 5 minutes.. But the thing is every function works it is all in one printerIf u refill it with fake turbo inks the printer finds it and the printer software shows there is no ink.. But it can print..,3.0
Nice product at this price range.This product is usefull for few copies.If your requirements to copy 50 to 80 copy per month.If your requirements are more than 80 copies you need other printer...,5.0
"Worst printer by HP. It only works with windows10. Paper gets stuck all the time. Don't consider buying it. I bought it few months ago, papers gets stuck all the time. Waste of time as well as waste of money.Please fix the issues HP.",1.0
Most horrible thing I ever purchased on amazon. Never expected such a useless product from hp. Wasting all my A4 sheets and precious cartridge ink in abundance. The paper is always getting stuck inside. 9 in 10 sheets are getting stuck. Don't buy this product..,1.0
"Got the printer on 30th May, hardly printed 10 color copies & on 8th June got notified the printer is low on cartridges. It's not a fare deal at all.My replacement been done with immidiate effect. But this time 2 things apeared which were beyond expectation. The same cetridge problem & the diglouge as on the photo. System not there in the machine?? No option to call for an assitence in Amazon too.Not happy. Asking for a refund this time.",1.0
"HP DeskJet 2131 Is an amazing Printer to go for in A budget option. Although it's a cheaper option the printer is pretty good You can Print, Scan & copy[zerox in both colour and b&w].If you use a good quality paper results are extraordinary.A few cons.1. The stock carterage is terrible it's a very poor quality.2. Carterages are not reusable3. I received a damaged carterage.4. Cost cutting is highly observed over the printer.5. Also no proper information on how to use the printer via laptop",5.0
I just bought the cheapest printer I could find for myself and turns out to be a good and worthy printer.. just that I found inserting a single sheet of paper is not very easy and seems like it has to be forced in.. but inserting more than 2 is easy and fits well.,5.0
Easy to use watched a youtube video for installation. Tried to take a photo print quality could be better. Can xerox.documents without a computer. Had to install driver online for scanning. Printer configures easily. If you can afford makes a bit of sense to spemd. 2k more for a wifi printer. All in all for 3k a home printer which can scan/Xerox is a good deal,4.0
"Print quality is excellent,  more than expected,  but catridge is not sufficient copis print. hardly can print only 5 to 6 colour A4 copies,  also hp803 cartridge is expensive and cannot easily available.",4.0
No nonsense home printer for scanning and printing every day stuff - the TANK and WIRELESS variants proved to be an utter waste of money. This is good enough for me .,5.0
"Printer ink cartredge is not good, Black colour is getting over very soon and need to refill the ink often.. And technical support is not good at all.. And black cartredge is not working  Properly unable to take prints.. HP technical people are telling to buy new cartredge even though my printer is under warrenty and totally Disatisfied with HP product.",1.0
"The black cartridge had worn out soon. Other cheap inks are not much of a use. If not used daily, concussion will form in the cartridge. Much bigger job. Atlast you'll be using this printer only for scanning. You can buy a cheap scanner for it. Why buy this waste package of expensive commodity which will pressure you to buy more and more HP cartridges and Ink again and again?",1.0
"I have purchased it about 6 months ago mainly for scanning, but not satisfied with scanner quality. Its scans blue ink signature as black and violet color stamp also not as violet as actual is, in other words its scan does not give true colors. Also, its printing consumes more color inks, which resulted in expensive printing costs.",2.0
Unable to install and unable to get any support from Hp as the site goes on asking only questions and the product has no installation cd nor there is any support from the designated site they provideThinking of returning the product,1.0
अमेज़न से hp printer 2331 ऑर्डर किया जो बेकार प्रोडक्ट मिला है प्रिंट आउट देन पर प्रिंटर से पेज pickup नहीं हो रहा है और रिटर्न लगाये 2 महीने हो गया आर्डर को अभी तक अमेज़न की ओर से पिकउप नही किया गया है ओर अभी तक रिफण्ड भी नही किया गया हैं और मुझें अमेज़न की ओर से help नहीं मिला है हर बार मेरा नया पिक up बना दिया जाता है ओर आर्डर को pick up करने कोई भी नहीं आता हैं,1.0
"Buy this item after considering the following point, because the printing cost is very high. If we insert a new cartridge cost around Rs. 800/-, just 100 Nos of A4 size paper can be printed. Moreover refilled cartridge is not accepting this system. So consider this before buying ink jet printer..",1.0
OK type product. Nothing fancy . Can't understand how to print monochrome instead of color print. I keep pressing the icon for monochrome printing but the damn thing keeps churning out color prints,4.0
"Waste product, Don't buy, better print outside.After 20pages black cartridge finished, 805 price is too high.. U can't print per page @ ₹30",1.0
"Not so worth buying this printer, print quality is good, but the cartridge of this printer is very small and as they say on website that the cartridge can print 165 pages, it's just to fool the people for buying the product, actually the print is only of 45 pages only. This is same with black as well with colour cartridge. The prices of the cartridge is rs. 1400 to buy. Sorry to say this printer had failed because of the print cartridges only.",1.0
"This Printer price is so reasonable, performance quality is good.I used it by from more than 3 years.I thing which should be needed in this product that is ink tank. Best product in this rate.",5.0
West of money dont buy this product worst product this froud cheater online purchase  amazon specification distils 100 page print per cartridges but 25 page printing next empty cartridges so friends pliz dont buy this product and online purchase who responsible repairs small small problems go the service shop no response shop workers so 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏,1.0
"Printer HP 2131 order placed on 9th August, which got delivered on 14th Aug 2019. Having problem with colour printing, i.e. coloured copy too getting printed in black and white for some unknown reasons.Thus, request you to arrange replacing with a good one at your earliest.PLEASE ARRANGE REPLACING THE PRODUCT SINCE IT DOES NOT PRINT COLOURED IMAGE IN THE FIRST PLACE AND EVEN THE CARTRIDGES PROVIDED, DID NOT PRINT MORE THAN 15 -20 COPIES AND GOT EXHAUSTED.PLEASE ACTIONRegards,Hafiz Ahmed",1.0
This is not for the Latest Mac OS. For Windows it is ok. Before buying it recommend you to check the available drivers for the OS you are using as this seems to be an old model from HP and even Apple was not supporting,3.0
It is supposed to be all in one. But  scanning is a problem with this machine.,4.0
"As I am working from home from last many months due to lockdown this product is something in essentials. The printer , scanner or photocopy we are using for many essential tasks.This product is not much expensive or pocket friendly.",5.0
Can use it as a showcase peice.Prints only 10-20 colour pages and prints approximately 20 b&w papers.Then u r done with printing.If u want to purchase new catridge it would cost around 2000.You can purchase new printer again and use it as a showcase peice.,1.0
"Printer received without any damage. And it's working properly. Black cartridge with printer is not working, totally disappointed with the seller.",2.0
Very nice.  The last two papers were printed by the printer.  Black and colour ink is included with it.  Go to 123.hp.com and start it setup for easy setup. The printer has many functions. And the printer is perfect and has no issues. Excellent product,5.0
It's a good printer for the price only drawback is the paper feeder is on top paper doesn't remain stiff and gets folded so a bit disappointed with that,3.0
Good but it ink consumption is very high and it is better to say print is cheaper than ink also its scanner quality is not so good if u r buying for scanner purpose than buy 5500 hp printer i am using it too,4.0
Didn’t like the packaging and the product seems like used one. Delivered cartridges/ refill delivered are used one (Empty),1.0
"I don't recommend. My personal experience, it will cost you more than taking print out in some browsing centre. Because only high end printers gives more printout for single caridge full. This machine, if you replace carridges / fill it, for 800 rupees, it can produce 60 to 70...print out.. Which will cost outside 350 rupees..",2.0
"Didn't get the CD to install, so I visited the HP Website and followed the instructions. I don't prefer to buy this again as the cost of cartridge is high. The print quality is somewhat okay, but not satisfied with the scanner. The automatic ""beautification"" will push me into trouble. Hope to get an ink tank printer.",1.0
"print quality is good......this product with 1 year warranty.... but if any problem with your printer in warranty period, you want to replace your printer then amazon not responce to your call.i purchase this product but after some months my product are not worrking correctly, i call amazon and talk to amazon costomer center and say my printer is not worrking after amazon costomer service center are cancelled my call all time.................i am angryyyyyy",4.0
It's not 2331 product it's 2330 model number now in may this printer broke down just lasted 5 month don't buy this product,1.0
"I purchased this product from amazon on dec 7 2019, and hardly used this product. The cartridge ran out on 5th June 2020. When called the support they said that this printer has been used for 4000 prints and 3 cartridges have been changed, I have been given an old and used printer and old cartridges. I suggest do not buy printers or electronic stuff online they give refurbished items.",1.0
"Cartridges are more costly compared to printers... Once you buy this printer, then after 150 pages you have to buy a cartridge and the starting price of a cartridge is 1800/-.From my perspective, you have to buy a printer with an ink tank which is better than this printer.",2.0
"Use less got problem show error every where on computer on cartridges ,. Totally waste of money.....never buy cartridge printer /instead buy ink tank printers ,,,",1.0
Since it is not working with my Mack Book can I replace it with HP 2723. I shall pay you difference in cash at the time of delivery and return you fullSHYAM NARAIN SINGH,1.0
easy to install. Print quality is also nice. Worry about ending of cartridge. But others is ok. My children love it .I print lots of photos .,5.0
Printer was not working properly ... its showing on the computer that lead is not correct.Black  cartridge  is not working I request u to refund  my product or replace  itEven power button is also not working properly,2.0
The printer ink is very expensive.  If you do t use it regularly the ink dries up.  We have stopped using it altogether.  1700 for the cartridgePlease don't buy,1.0
"Amazon made me big fool.printer hardware was already damaged it is not scanning,printing  anything that's why i will say we should not purchase it from online.I have called Hp call centre they booked my complain.Their engineer will call me in between 2 days.Very Sad.please purchase from shop.",1.0
It is good for people who do not print a lot bcz of the Per Page price and it is good looking and light weight product,4.0
Cartridge is a small size and very costly.Do not go for it.Refill of cartridge is possible at select local. Places but that too girl best just 40 pages.Size of cartridge is small,1.0
"I like the easy setup and not so complicated functions, black and white print comes out absolutely well but the coloured print is not as it should be over all it’s value for money",5.0
"I fitted ink tank to this printer externally, since catridge is expensive.",3.0
It's good for home use.But colour ink is empty in only 4 print out its too expensive due to this.,5.0
Installing is difficult so it's better to get it done by HP. I had a tuff time,4.0
"Supllier cheated us.Disscount which attracted us ,supplier covers that discount by supplying old dry ink cartage,print only 25 document and 2 color document and message start coming change your ink.Very sad by this kind of cheatingAmazon should make some strict regulations and controll on thier registered supplier. Ultimately Amazon name is on stake.",5.0
"No Driver CD, No Catridge received with this Printer. Only a link is mentioned and when its clicked, it takes you to download HP Smart Desktop Application from Microsoft Store.For other drivers, I had to Google ® and download them, which is a cumbersome procedure",4.0
For the printer the cost to use ratio is great. But the ink is its precious jewel. It feels like a trap once you finish using the free ink cartridges. Its uses Hp original 803 only which cost almost as much as the new printer.,5.0
Great product for personal use. Cost effective and easy to install.But you need to use the cartridge judiciously.If you are on a low budget and you only need it for small scale printing and scanning. I would recommend this printer,5.0
"Product is best pricewise. Only thing is, sasta mehenga pad sakta hai. cartridge runs out fast. my suggestion, read amazon guide before buying product.",4.0
This one not best for budget. Catridges are finished within one month. After refilling cartridges are not working.,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Worst product ever..Plzz don't buy this..Ink cartridge not recognised after some use..HP makes people fool by selling cheap cost printers and selling high cost ink cartridge.",1.0
First time receiving something in worst quality. I received a used product. It was fully dierty and also the ink was fully spilled over. Two cadridge was kept with the box which was opened and used.,1.0
Reasonable printer with good quality print. But cartridge consumption is too high. If in case of regular usage like kids homework this will be too costly. For rare usage it's fine.,4.0
Model no mentiond 2331 but on papper information mentioned 2300 DeskJetAll details mentioned china company,3.0
Useless machine.. stops printing within month and thought may be Inc issue.. fillled Inc again and again.. still prints blnk pages.. worthless machine.. totally disappointed..,1.0
Everything is okayBut it's taking cartridge is highPrint quality is not up to mark Surely getting color variations after print out,4.0
Printer is very nice and good the best printer you will get it in this cheap price. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥the print quality is to next level. Just go and buy it blindly..........,5.0
"The printer is very handy and is not to heavy.The print quality,both color and black and white is absolutely fantastic.The installation is also very friendly.Overall, its a budget friendly printer with good performance.",5.0
I really cant connect the item through my laptop trying since yesterday it will be great if some body comes over so that they can run this printer on my laptop or else i have to refund it.,1.0
"the package met my expectation. it was very easy to install and comfortable to use. the only problem is the cost of the cartridges, it was costly. by viewing the previous reviews and all i understood to refill the cartridge easily with low investment. now it's only below 1 rupee per page for b&w. i love this product.",5.0
"This is so difficult to install the ink jet to the printer, but  printer is so nice quality is also nice but the ink's  price is too bad for  buying another  after  the first  ink catridge  finishes.And also this item is value for money.",5.0
It was meant for sparing use at home. Still one can not expect such bad product.,1.0
"While I could use this easily, I am really disappointed with the cartridge, I have hardly printed 50 pages and in those 50 I would have printed 10 to 12 color print outs. And now it is not printing at all...",3.0
Easy to install. You will have to manually look for the steps on google if you change your computer.The catridge just comes up with capacity to print 20 or 25 prints. Thats a dud.,1.0
Amazon logistics did a great job again..... easy to setup .... though they should have made this model compatible with the HP Smart app.... .. as you can connect even wired printers to your Wireless networks ...  Great product for the price.,4.0
Good product. No issues. But I later realised cud Bluetooth one with just 1500 rupees more,5.0
There was no installation CD in the box. So installation was difficult,5.0
"ink cartridge given along with printer lasts hardly 67 pages. and even printing in black and white,color cartridge also got consumed.",4.0
Very much user friendly and very useful for home purposes,4.0
Not that great print. I would recommend buyers to get a better printer. It is very costly in terms of print per page and the ink also get dry to quickly.,3.0
Don't by ink tank printers.. Buy ink and suction tool along with this printer and you can refill easily.  I have refilled the cartridge more than 10 times. working fine,5.0
Don't buy as most of the time u will not get cartridges.  Cartridges are also costly,2.0
ink cannot be filled had to buy original hp. software installated is such that ink tampering is detected when filling is done.,3.0
"nice printer for small scale printing, scanning and copying",5.0
"With the ongoing stay at home and online classes, this is a very reliable and affordable option. I have been using it for a while and the cartridge is still more than 3/4 full.",5.0
Catridge is not lasting for more than 25 pages. Both color and black.  Waste of purchasing this printer.,1.0
The supplied item is defective but repaired by authorised HP vendor.  Kindly check the item serviceability before delivery.,5.0
Catridges are expensive.performance is bad.can't be used for even small office.Good for students to print occasionally.,2.0
Printing cost will come down from 7 rupees per page to 50 paise if you know how to refill the cartridge.........Overall printing is good with good prints and nice coloursAnd low initial buying cost at 3000 rupees,4.0
"Very good product, easy to use. Just install the HP all and you can very easily print, scan etc. Not for heavy usage and good if you need to print 8-10 pages per week",4.0
Different model so on computer 2130 but on the box show 2131 model all rights nothing to change any features thanks to Amazon,5.0
Very nice product Very easy to install And easy to connect with PC laptop I recommend to buy this printer for office use and for College student to Print assignment for college submission ....,5.0
The printer drivers don’t work with Mac so don’t buy it if you plan to use it with Mac,1.0
Worst experience. Printer cartridge in dried up after 50-60 prints. Unable to get new cartridge as out of stock in Hp store. Moreover the price of cartridge is too costly. Totally waste of money.,2.0
Making fool to customers by saleing printer in Rs 2999 and cartridge price Rs 2500 that too only delivering appx 50 prints...,1.0
I ordered a DeskJet 2331 and that's what I got but in the box was an instructions manual to the DeskJet 2300. Is that normal ?,4.0
Best all in one budget printer. It can scan copy and print. Quality is very good. Printer is small and compact. Print quality is good. Ink saving option is available by not printing in high contrast.,5.0
"Print quality is ok, but ink consumption is more. Wired installation is good but it doesn't connect wirelessly so be careful if you are buying for wireless. Difficult to use scanner, not friendly at all.",2.0
Never buy stopped working after one month. I am Amazon prime user but never got such bad product,1.0
Works well out of the box. Wish they could make the print options more transparent. Wastes ink and paper if you're not careful. Scanning options including to multi pages pdf is good,4.0
The most important thing about the ink... very lower capacity than the written one... hope need to change it frequently.. worthless for the price,1.0
It’s worst product after 2 -3 page printing it is not working just waste of money .. plz don’t buy it ..and customer care also not supporting ..,1.0
Perfectly printing from my laptop as well as from my mobile. My expectations are fulfilled,4.0
This printer is really very usefull for household purpose. The print quality is amazing. But it is a bit costly when it comes to per page print cost.Can be used for home or occasional needs.,5.0
This printer is good as it works fine after 1 year of use and the print quality is also good for normal prints. Best for students and home use.,5.0
Good quality printer. But my b/w catridges last after printing 60 pages.quality of b/w & colour print is awesome.ALWAYS try to buy this printer with ink refill.After refilling with ink I will update soon. Thanks,4.0
No installation cd along with this printer. After all I Downloaded driver software from hp's official website. But it is not easy to install.,1.0
This product  is very very worst. It took 5 to 8 mins for 1 black and white printout also it too more tha 15 mins for color print. Pls don't by this and don't waste your money... invest on premium printer..,2.0
Printer is good but the price of cartridges is immensely high and cost of print per page is therefore high.,1.0
Good product but almost same price available in the market. Average photo print performance.,3.0
"Good, all in one print scan and copy , best for home use. Scan quality good. Print quality good . But original ink is expensive. I use prodot ink which premium quality and available for 260 rupees. It lasts very long and has 4 bottles.print quality is best.",5.0
"Except catridge cost everything is fine,printer perfectly scans prints and xerox with great quality",5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   I am very unhappy to see this product because second time  product is also unworkable. See this video. And return my money.Iam not buy this product.",1.0
Good bargain for the price. Good for people with basic print jobs of once or twice a week. Bought to assist in kid’s school projects. Nice and easy print and scan functionality.,5.0
अमेजॉन वाले जो हम प्रिंट बुक करते हैं उस प्रिंट को नहीं भेजते बल्कि उसकी जगह दूसरा भेजते हैं मुझे भी 2131 all-in-one प्रिंटर की जगह 2130 प्रिंटर मिला है मैंने वापस रिप्लाई भी किया था दोबारा भी मुझे वही मिला है,1.0
"Hello Team,  This is to inform you that,the printer I ordered from Amazon is not easy to install, use.  I gifted the same to my friend on his birthday(15th Sep, 2019). When he opened it to install and use, that was difficult to use.  I want to return this printer.  Kindly help me out.",1.0
I got a tampered product which Amazon was not willing to replace. After 2 months got the product replaced,2.0
HP deskjet printer is very good and value for money.But it can only print 120 pages for colour and black and white.But it can easily install and easy to use.overall it is a good product,5.0
YOU CAN ASK ANY QUESTION  REGAURDING THIS PRODUCT I WILL TRY WITHOUT BEST POSSIBLE  SOLUTION THANKS. CHEAP ANDROID BEST FOR HOME,3.0
Below average printer and very bulky. The printing speed is super slow. Not recommended for daily usage..,2.0
Seller has dispatched faulty cartridgeI hav contacted HP care but 1 month is about to pass there is no replacement from HP,2.0
Good product and good printing quality  and easy  used  Refill ink and color,5.0
It’s a good product with user friendly features. Worth it..,5.0
Did not properly printing the  paper it is  crossely printing paper kindly request you.to replace my printer priduct,2.0
Worst product... Ink rate is too high.. You can google it.. HP 803..u can print only 20-30 pages per ink.. U can't refill it.. Don't buy this product... Waste of money..,1.0
This printer is worth given its price. The print speed is not that great but it does the job.,3.0
"Its good for home use only, that means if you don't need a regular use of it.Its is absolutely not economical for regular use since cartridge is of high cost",4.0
Black color and multicolor  cartridge is given almost empty. After taking  6 to7 printouts it will show change cartridge. Printer taking  time to take printouts.,2.0
Worst product ever boughtFirst its seems like it's good but later you realise that the cartridge is so expensive ie approx 800rs and less than 100 pages are printed this is definitely not cost efficient don't buy,1.0
"This printer does not support refilled cartridges. So if you afford to buy the HP 803 cartridge then buy it. If not do not buy this printer. Though there are many refill kits available, the printer does not support any ink.",2.0
Good printing speed. Print quality is good. Cartridge is bit expensive. Easy to install and use.,5.0
Paper rolling not correctOverall paper rolling not sufficient,2.0
"Very light weight and if one keeps the printer on on top computer, have to be careful because it could easily move to the edges",4.0
It prints 80-100 pages in very good condition. But not works after printing 100 pages. It's cartridge damages. You have to buy new cartridge . So don't buy this printer. You can buy Epson printer of cost around 7000.,2.0
"Don't purchase this product ,its cartridge(ink)  price is Rs.900 and only gives 160 page print out it means per page print out cost is Rs.4-5 , very bad quality of this product worst item never purchase , it has also manufacturing issue",1.0
This is one of the worst products that Amazon provided me hp customer care service is also dirty. I RECOMMEND NOT TO BUY IT.,1.0
Good product for home useNice experienceGood colour prints by mobileScan quality are good,5.0
print quality is awesome but cost of prints quite high due to costly cartridge..,5.0
"Utterly useless printer... TOTALLY unexpected from HP.. Pages getting stuck repeatedly, cartridge issues, abnormal noise.. Not worth even at 90% discount.",1.0
poor quantity I not setisfide print cast is high,3.0
"Easy to use and printer is nice look, but dont have printer software CD. We need to download our self",4.0
"Worst printer not ,coming 50 prints always blanking light . cartridge was 753 rupees but only 50 printsPlease don't buy and don't waste your money",1.0
Printer ink cartridge are very expensive and you can only print some of the pages!,1.0
Good,4.0
Working good since one year but use genuine catrize with non brand catrize it not works. Software is also very smart. It detect the rifled catrize.,4.0
Nice printer but a costly deal if you are using this for many prints. Ink cartridges are costly and even they are not easily available ( Specially the black one ),3.0
Very good product. Work very well and easy to install. Am very happy with this product.,5.0
Everything ok but the black cartridge which was sent with the printer is not a sealed one. The head was in dry stage. I again ordered for a new one which costs me Rs 759.This is the drawback in purchasing this kind of item from Amazon.,3.0
Very Good printer easy to use For home use🖨🖨🖨🖨🖨✨💖💖✨And Thank You Anazon for your lightning delivery service🏍,5.0
Do not buy this product..The worst product i got from amazon..It stopped working after 6 months..And when i took it to the service centerthey said its board is not working..I lost my money..,1.0
प्रिंटर से अब प्रिंट नही होता है। कार्टेज में इंक डालने के बाद सादा पेज निकल रहा है। इसलिए आगे का प्रोसेस बताईए।,1.0
Good,5.0
Nice printer and better price... But cartridge high cost,5.0
"Printer is light weight and good finishing, printer working good, printing speed is slow, 60 papers only printed black carriage. Value for money.",3.0
Product is very good value for money. Set it up in just 5 minutes and print quality is also good. Am happy with this product. Totally recommend.,5.0
"Printer is good but catridges cost heavy , maintenance problems occured",3.0
Ink don't enough for printing more pages shall I return it it is not in use now  the ink price also very high shall I exchange  it for some other type printer,2.0
As of price the print quality is not that good. Also print cost too high. But it's really easy too install... Overall you can go for other printers.,3.0
"It is not compatible with Mac OS, works flawlessly for Windows.",4.0
Best scanner.Worst printing cost. Around ₹8 per page.Easy to use.,4.0
Both cartridge was defective and yellow colour not working after two print. All over this is not a good product. According to me this product is waste of money.,1.0
It's just perfect for home use,5.0
"not good,,, refill is a headache,,, going for Epson with refill tank is good",3.0
This product is waest of money not working properly not good service with half catrige lots of problems,1.0
"Delivery part is good. But installation c.d. is not enclosed in the pack. So, there is difficulty in installation. I request you to send software installation c.d. Thanx.",1.0
Said that it will print upto150 pages but my black cartilage dried after 55pages only very bad review from HP to me buying a new costs rs. 729.,4.0
Using for android mobile needs an app or 2-3apps installed,5.0
Worst quality after taking few pages around 15 pages black and white cartridge showing empty. Totally waste of money.,1.0
Amazon has sold a defective piece.. It did not work from second day....I need a replacement...U should be sued because of this mischief...,1.0
"Excellent print quality, Easy to install and Easy to use.",5.0
"The product is not worth buying, it stopped working. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT AT A DISSCOUNT.",1.0
Good till now more than 2 months,5.0
The product of HP is good. It's useful for small business team.For me ink for this printer is expensive,5.0
Never buy this product. Just waste of money,1.0
Cartridge is getting over very fast. No sync with colour and black cartridge. Black got over very soon and I have to invest 900 rupees to buy it again. Very costly.,1.0
Everything thing is okk but you have too buy a cartridge after use whose cost is near about 1800 so it's too costly.,4.0
Warranty card not given to me.please consult seller to give warranty card also.,5.0
Very good printer. Print quality is very good. But the ink cost is very expensive. But overall product is very good.,5.0
"Cartridge price is nearly half of this whole product . Cardtige cost is 1400 for colour & black and white combo . If you think for refilling it , that idea not gonna work . Because after refilling once my cartridge stopped working totally",1.0
Value for money.Good quality prints.,5.0
"wen i  gave first time continuously  printing,frequently paper getting jam at loading and  paper  out  side....its my bad experience with HP & amazon...:(",1.0
"Personal use,printing slow,power button problem,cartridge problem, some colour missing.",3.0
Very bad product.waste of money .carteges are very very small and very low quality. don't buy this printer.,1.0
Bought this 2 days ago and for this much of money it is worth buying.Using it for heavy usage and it is working perfect.Print quality and speed is decent.,4.0
Very nice products. Only thing is it's not wireless but it's mentioned there.,4.0
I have been using this from 2 years without any issues. Definitely worth every penny!,5.0
Don't buy as prints per cartridge I got only 15,1.0
easy installation and easy access....,5.0
"Spent money in thousand but could not print even  10 pages, frustrating ....forget colour it can't get a Black n white print properly worst buy ever.Print quality is total disaster.",1.0
It prints only 100 pages... So printer is good but its cartridge is too costly. U need to expense 700rs per 100 pages.,3.0
Worst buy. Ink gets over way too soon. Absolutely time consuming to get th. E color print,1.0
This is easy to install.print also good.But cartridges will be empty just for 100 pages. Cartridge changed even though not working properly. Now iam using this for scanning purpose only.Overall this item not good.,3.0
So far so good!!,4.0
"1-IT PRINTS VERY FAST2-EASY TO HANDLE3-IT CAN PRINT ,COPY,SCANas it is good for home use,Let's see how many years it will work smoothly,",4.0
Its printing seed is very good . It is easy to install. Its print quality is also good .It is also small in size therefore its easy to change its location.But the main problem is its cartilage is very expensive . Overall it is a very good printer,4.0
Fast delivery. Almost easy to use,4.0
I was bought this printer. the printer started to print a paper but it was printed only 5 papers then the ink cartridge was empty.,1.0
Dislike got defective piece no option of replacement very bad planning to go through the court,1.0
This printer is cheap and best for those people who are need few bill in a month.,5.0
Print cost is too much. It feels like I am doing printout by using my own blood. In economy mode it costs 5rupees black & white and 10-11 rupees for color!!! Could you imagine that!!!!,2.0
Good quality. Value for money. Printing cost too high due to cartridges.,4.0
"Very good product , less space occupies , very good at home .",5.0
Cheap price but expensive maintenance. Cartridges are very expensive and prints very less pages.,3.0
Quality Is good but cartridge ends within 80 pages after installation also cartridge is very expensive not good product as compared to cost,3.0
"Best at this price range, hp company is good",4.0
Very nice product hp deskjet 2331.,5.0
Moderate to use product,5.0
sir mane hp  deskjet 2131 all in one printer return kiya but return nahi hua track no - EF696372784IN HAI AAPKE SATH KAIESA SHOPING RAHA,2.0
"For this Price we can go for it, amazing printing & useful for home use & office use also.",3.0
Poor performance. Ink dried in 4 months .,1.0
"The hinges of the back cover were broken.As soon as I unboxed the printer, back cover fell off and I had to return it.",3.0
Reasonable and good but the cartridge is very expensive. So it's a false marketing.,3.0
The printing quality is good. But the machine stopped after 4 months.  Now it is dead.  Waste of money 😢😢,2.0
This product is no doubt one of the best from HP.,5.0
Good product.For a low price better product,4.0
It was provided with so called new cartridge however it just got over after printing just 20 pages.,1.0
No Wi-fi and the cartridges are very small and expensive. The printer is not economical !!,3.0
very very hopeless printer ... cartridges too costly and only 20 pages printed with 1 cartridge.. dont buy this printer,1.0
Product is good but ink capacity is very low only we xan print 50 papers b/w and color 10 papers,1.0
The cartridges are enormously expensive and use and throw. it cannot be refille and use.,3.0
Very easy to install and good quality,5.0
"Great product, easy to install and use. Great for home use. Print quality is great, clear print.",5.0
Cartridge ink level is low. Small count of papers print.Scanning also in poor quality with compare to other models,3.0
Not compatible with MAC but its a value for money if you are using windows laptop or pc,3.0
What I dislike is that I am not able to print as the PAPER IS STICKING,2.0
A good product.. Consumes ink too much but still a good product.. Complete refill kit should be purchased from amazon.in and people can see the videos from YouTube for that.... IT IS GOOD FOR A NORMAL DAY TO DAY USER......,5.0
Nothing working with in month it's got repair,2.0
"The catridge that came with the printer only ,, was like a demo.. printed only 5 papers.Very disappointed",2.0
I received the printer without the installation CD . HOW CAN I START THE PRINTER... ANYHOW SEND ME THE HP DESKJET 2131 CD FOR INSTALLATION,1.0
It’s not good. Too slow. Should hv lot of patience to use and even cartridge is costly. Will get only few printout.,1.0
Just a 10 papers were printed after that ink over after filling ink printer were no printing the papers worst printer ever seen,1.0
Great that is all I would like to say for this product,4.0
Defect in installation indicates some problem. Service is absolutely poor. You are at risk when you buy on line because of this.,1.0
Softwear cd is not given,3.0
I THINK ONE SHOULD NOT BUY THIS BCZ THE RATE OF CARTAGE IS SO HIGH..YOU SHOULD BUY INK TANK HP PRINTER BCZ ITS INITIAL COST IS HIGH BUT CARTAGE COST IS LOW..,4.0
"very good quality, loved the product, everything is easy to understand and use",5.0
😃😀,4.0
good,4.0
Tough to install drivers. This printer drivers are not available on hp sites.,3.0
You can buy a new printer with the amount you spend on cartridges.,1.0
Hardly printed 50 pages that to poor quality.Not satisfied with this hp printer  performance,2.0
Printer is good but ! Cartilage is finished by 20 to 30 papers,3.0
Best budget printer.. Bought on sale at Rs2999,5.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Easy to useConvenientAmazing printer☺☺",5.0
If u r a studentGo for it#paisavasuldealAll the 3 options viz print scan and copy are 100%,5.0
"Its an awesome product, easy to intsall , ready to print right out of the box, best for scanning prints for homes and high quality print.",5.0
Nice but need CISs ink tank kit attachable with extra cost bcoz of ink cartridge HP 803 is more cost for all..!!overall Nice product..!!!,5.0
Not so good,2.0
It is a good printer for the price 👍 it will only print 40 pages black and 50 pages colour and the cartridge cost is very high,4.0
"After 5 colour prints, ink became low. It is not printing the exact colour.",3.0
Printing quality is good. Best one at low price. But the cartridge cost is high. Cannot afford to buy often.,4.0
Very good 👍,5.0
Product not working within 1 month,4.0
Its not working and useless product paper jamed 0 ratting,1.0
Useless product. Waste of money. Do not suggest to buy,1.0
"Waste of 💰.Just after the end of warranty period the problem started.Papers got stuck, ink leakage, very high price of cartridges, and many more.",1.0
"if anybody in Bhopal (MP)wants brand new this product contact me ,in less price mistakenly brought 2 piece.contact 9977163318",5.0
It is a worst product i buy it but whan by printing or scanning it missing the edges of paper to print of scan,1.0
You have to keep using it otherwise not work,3.0
Very slow printer. Takes approximately 2-3 minutes to print 1 black and white page.,1.0
AWSOME QUALITYYou can refil the cartridge again and use itcosts low,5.0
Not gr8 printer and not able to scan properly,2.0
The product is good. But cartridge is quite costly than other compànies. Better don't buy this model.,2.0
Bad product,1.0
It is nice but ink is to much costly.... Different to handle..,3.0
This one is good product,5.0
Worst Printer!!It's very slow!! Please go for some other printer!!,1.0
This product is very bad as the print speed is slow. The price of its small ink is ₹ 800 . very very bad product,1.0
"Wastes ink unnecessarily, prints are almost never signed to page.",1.0
With a poorly designed 2 pin power-supply the printer gets 100 V in its USB Connector.,1.0
I did not get the CD rom inside the box.My main work to scan and forward the pdf files.so I need it to install on my pc..,3.0
"This sentence. - ""Print up to twice as many pages with Original HP high-yield ink cartridges"" is utterly false in my experience as the cartridges got over for just 40 pages !!!!!!Worst product..don't purchase.",1.0
Third class,1.0
Like,4.0
"Value for money, packing was good reached safe to my door step, I also printed some papers quality looks fine 🙂 👌",5.0
Bad,1.0
Ok ok ok,5.0
Cartridge heavy cost  Lowest paper printing 60 papers  Heavy cost,2.0
i like amazon service first my printer not print wel but after report fast change my printer fast service and after me setisfide about print quality,5.0
Been using it for two months so far on a frequent basis and have had no problems at all.,4.0
Cartage not working give me customercare number,1.0
Product good but catrage issue more,3.0
Quality of printing is excellent in this price range. I feel printer is bulky compare to other brands.,5.0
Easy to setup.Working smoothy.Go with it.,5.0
How to print mbl pic,5.0
BakwasAlways had trouble using this thing,1.0
Printer can not power on. That's why I return  this item. So please  replace the item as soon as possible. So how I can rate this.,1.0
Good,5.0
Nice one in my budget,5.0
Defective product received .Now replacing another one. So let's see how it's works.,3.0
I don't know for this item,3.0
Worst product.Don't buy.It is not working.Waste of money..Even we can't return the product.Always paper is jamming in the printer.HP and Amazon both are not responding and not supporting for the reported issue.,1.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Super printer...",4.0
It is nice product and it is light weighted and the printing quality is very very nice i bileave in amazon and thanks for nice product,5.0
Don't buy if you are going to print more it's useless after 100 pages. Cartridge is costly and per page cost is not affordable in this one. You can go for other products.,1.0
"Good Product and Price, but (Replacement) Cartridge Costs too High! I am using this printer for personal printing needs.",5.0
The product is not packed by amazonCd is not availableI face many problem to installBut print quality is good,2.0
Like,5.0
"There are some problem with this printer, please send a executive to service.",3.0
Worth the money invested for easy to install  and use to get  good print quality.,5.0
Good,5.0
Prints only 15 to 20 papers per cartridgeCartridge cost is also very highSlow printing..regretting after a week😑😑,1.0
Instaltion soft copy its not there in box.So its difficult to instal.,4.0
very nice product!but ink price is high but can becomw cheap by refulling cartridges instead of replacing,4.0
Easy installationPrint goodEasy,5.0
not a good product..,1.0
Overall good printer with good printing quality 👍👍,4.0
Decent price.good quality printout.Could have been better,5.0
Full time complaint,1.0
"Bad quality printer was given before, used product has been given before, where were the cartridges ?",5.0
Good,4.0
Have to refill ink again and again which was not the case with hp earlier printer,2.0
Easy to use and good printing quality. Way above Cannon which I was using so far.,5.0
This is nice one product I purchased last week now is fine working ...Thank for Amazon,5.0
This printer is very user friendly.,5.0
"Very good product and value for its money ,worth buying it if you are looking out for a printer with great print quality",5.0
Amazing product. Working fine and good delivery.,4.0
Very costly never buy inkjet,1.0
Bhangar Product Bh.sh.i (o d) BakvashKoi Leta Nai Don't Buy This HP PrintersHP - Harakh PadudaMy Mind Very Hot Because This Product,1.0
In this range better than others .Printing quality is so good.,5.0
We didn't liked this product because the cartridge is not taking ink properly if any possibility to change this to ink tank system,1.0
Scanning is not working.this is china product,1.0
HP keep up the good products,5.0
It's a good product for the beginner and lite working people,5.0
"Very bad product Printing is not coming properly, it does not come out of it, again and again, there is no color in it",1.0
Nice prodact,5.0
Ok,3.0
Very costly to use,2.0
This product is so good but catrage is not so much printing approx 10-11 print,5.0
Good experience..,5.0
Very difficult to refill the colour. I am really disappointed ☹️ because this.,1.0
Its awesome at this price,5.0
Very bad product. Money  waste. Printer cartaige high rate. P👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎,2.0
Duplicate ink inside.. chiting.. fake,1.0
Value for money ! Works very smooth. Good print quality. Easy set up.,5.0
Pick up unit was not working on first time itself it was a worst product,1.0
Good,3.0
ink runs out quickly,5.0
Very bad software supportTwo hours for installing product still no use,1.0
Worth compared to price. Good quality.,5.0
wonderful product. everything is excellent. scanner is a best part of it.,5.0
This Printer Eats Too Much Cartridge.  You are gonna spend 3 Rs per page if you xerox or Print Black and White and obviously Page Costs Extra.,2.0
Nice printer. Easy to use,4.0
Bahut dekar Nikala or Refund bhi nahi kiya na hi Repleshment,1.0
nice product,4.0
Worst product... cartridge problem starded wthin a month of purchase,1.0
Good product and consumes more ink.,4.0
Worst product I've ever purchased in my life. Printer stopped functioning within 2 months of purchasing. It seemed like they sell (Amazon) duplicate products. WASTE OF MONEY!!,1.0
Received used product,1.0
I got printer but there is no more driver.....so  plz don't buy,1.0
Black print cartridge was almost empty. It didn't even print 15 pages with stan3or draft quality print.,1.0
Very costly prints,2.0
"Not good quality,dont purchase it",1.0
West money,1.0
Cartridge price is very high and cartridge life span is just 100 pages. Hope the OE has to also give an option of refillable cartridges.,4.0
"Cartridge is Too Poor, I could just take 90pages and the cartridge got over",3.0
Good product,5.0
Photo copy,4.0
"Third class printer. didn't get any 10 pages printout by this printer. always ink dry or finish. Never 

HP DeskJet 2131 All-in-One Printer

  buy this printer.",1.0
Superb Printer for home use. We can also conserve ink by linking to pc!!,5.0
Its a useless printer.looking at its low cost i have purchased it but it has stopped functioning  with in 15 days.its catridges are so costly and stops functioning after 50-60 pages of print.,1.0
"The quantity of the ink is very low, which was given along with the printer. The ink is finished after printing 20 pages.",3.0
Satisfactory product . But ink dosent last long.,5.0
"Very useful , scan , print and copy from it all 3 in this printer.",5.0
We can get better printers at this rate. This is just a waste of money.,1.0
"Good product, easy to use, and install, good packing.",5.0
A suggestion to buyer that please donot buy this product.....you will regret after refilling cartridge 2-3 times,1.0
Worst experienceWaste of money,1.0
HP is HP,3.0
"Paper feeding is worst, printing both side is complicated",3.0
Nice !!! Easy to use !!! Clear prints !!!,5.0
"I did""nt like this product because it absorbs ink in higher amount printing quantity colour 5-6 page black and white 10-30",1.0
"vbnm,",4.0
It is very good white colour printer with amazing printing experience,5.0
We purchase dj2131 HP printer but when we use this printer only 22page print and ink endWhat is this send me carteg fresh otherwise we return this product,1.0
Not working properly. Waste of money,1.0
Printer is working very well.But cartridge use kiya Hua tha. Yaro online shoping karne se achha hai ki ofline shoping Karen.,3.0
"White wash print , this is not print the page empty realised",1.0
easy to use and setup. good price,5.0
"West printer, west of money, dont bye frnds",1.0
Nice quality picture but ink cost is too high,4.0
Broken item recieved and they are not changing it,1.0
"Everything is fine, except the cost of ink is high.",3.0
"Print quality is awesome,very very high print cost",3.0
Product is good but carriage is low,4.0
Awesome printer quality of print is really good.Easy to use.,5.0
smooth printer,5.0
Worst printer don't buy this,1.0
Easy to install,5.0
Good,3.0
The printer works fine but the cost of printing is too much. Ink cartridge is very expensive so it's not worth it for everyday use.,3.0
Don't buy this product,1.0
Good but connectivity is confusing,5.0
Great product.,5.0
Very bad product and very bad Amazon & HP customer service.,1.0
Fast but can't print on 180 gsm paper,5.0
good,5.0
Easy to install and good print quality,5.0
Installation disc is missing In product box,3.0
Not bad,3.0
At the delivery product was damaged and the quality is not Good,1.0
Please don't buy this product. Print cabality very low and worst product,1.0
The printer didn't connect to any other device.,3.0
Overall good product. Look wise very stylist. Easy to use. And I loved it,4.0
Cartige cost more than the cost of printer.so please dont buy this model.it is used for only scanning.,1.0
Ink expenses is too high.,3.0
Excellent,5.0
Super but little tricky in Installation,5.0
GOOD,3.0
Waste of Money!!,1.0
Nice one,4.0
Don't buy hp printer,1.0
Not a useful printer for smart phone,1.0
Slow printing. It takes almost a minute to print a single black and white page. Colour printing takes more time.,3.0
I am using this printer for 3 years its working nice it think worthy for this price.,5.0
Good condition,5.0
This product is useless and not able to connect to pc,1.0
Good product working flawlessly. I am using it in a Linux machine,5.0
Good affordable printer except that the cartridge needs a refill very quickly,5.0
"☝️👍 for  💲, 💯 better for 🏡 use🙏",5.0
Nice product. No issues with functionality,5.0
Stopped working in a month,1.0
I purchase this item only 20 page print the int are finish,1.0
Print quality is low and dull. It would be better if provided extra catridges.,4.0
Received a defective product.,1.0
This is too bad printer only 87 print got from 1 black cartage and cartage price is 500+ means 5 tu per print +light bill approximate 6ru per print ....,1.0
The printer got on time and as described.,5.0
Hardly printed 25-30 copies and black cartridges finished offHighly disappointed,1.0
Value for money with more features,5.0
Too costly for per page print.,4.0
Very very bad service,1.0
Printing quality is good and easy to install,5.0
Awsome printer for home use// loving it,5.0
Worst item I have ever seen. Don't buy it.it is not returnable . Amazon don't sell this kind of item .,1.0
Printer is soo easy to use and not connect mobile with otg or Wi-Fi,4.0
happy,5.0
super,5.0
"This very very cheap printer ..... new printer are not working ..... please don,t purchase this iteam",1.0
Easy to use,5.0
Its low quality,1.0
It is not working,4.0
Good product but takes more ink and  pages incertion sucks,3.0
Printer not connected to mobile,3.0
Printer is not working after 15 days.,1.0
Not That bad,3.0
very good.,4.0
Good for home use,5.0
Ink cartridge contains less ink.,1.0
I want to change my printer ..some problem is there ... And my printer is still in warranty period,1.0
I like it,5.0
Good,5.0
"It is very poor quality product, it is not working  properly and not able to  replace it",1.0
"Dear Team,I had bought HP Deskjet 2131but received 2130 and also not getting Invoice.",3.0
Worst quality,1.0
Very nice,5.0
Like,4.0
printer is not working,1.0
Ink cartridge come with Printer got emptied very soon,4.0
Don't buy it!!!,2.0
Printer is good but the printer cartridge is very costly so don't buy this printer,3.0
worst product .dont buy it u will fell u become a fool when u will buy a cartage cost rs 700 with a max print of 100 copy cost per copy is just rs 7 only,1.0
Very bad,1.0
Worth the money.,4.0
i m using till now.,5.0
cartridges are very small... except this all are very nice in this budget.,4.0
My printer software is not getting installed in my laptop.,1.0
worse printer,1.0
Aa good one,4.0
I suggest not to buy this product.This product has  high maintainance. Ink is very expensive and out put is very low,1.0
Very good product for ₹ 2400. Scanning n printing good.,5.0
It is very bad to use. Very very very bad.It become complaint within a very few days,1.0
perfect for my need,4.0
"Finding it difficult to install it,as there is no C D in the box",5.0
Nice,5.0
Ink do not print much pages and I want you to service and not working properly,5.0
every thing is ok but i have not received the CD please send me the CD to install,3.0
Print good it printing very well but ink capacity is very low and,1.0
Use less... After 20 copies... It's done.... No use... Don't buy,1.0
A good printer in low cost,5.0
Nice,5.0
Very good,5.0
Na,1.0
cost and efficiency both are good,5.0
I liked this printer but printing cost was high.,3.0
"Received defective, not return no exchange policy",1.0
"Worst ! No words for it,Don’t buy.Don’t buy HP product, worst response from service Centres too !",1.0
Very Bad Printer,1.0
Good. Easy to install... Helpful ....,5.0
Print Quality is good. But Black cartridge stopped working within 2 months....,1.0
Ink got over for just 15 pages.... don't buy unless they make necessary changes.,1.0
I disliked this product. The ink cartridge is getting over soon for 15-20 sheets.It leaks a lot.,1.0
Nice product.,3.0
"good one worth for buying print quality good but only dissatisfaction is drinking lot of ink . its thirsty like camel in desert,.",5.0
"Good product, worth buying",4.0
Do not buy this product as the product i have received is faulty. Amazon will not take it back & HP will not give you desired support.,1.0
Good,5.0
Ok,4.0
Value for money.....,5.0
Super,4.0
Super printer,3.0
This product is very good.osomeVery low price ... Thank you amazon,5.0
"Is a very bad printer. When it came, its body was broken.",1.0
"A beautiful, compact and lightweight printer ,copier and scanner,extremely suitable for use in homes.",4.0
Good but not best,5.0
Good product but if we calculate ink usage it is costly per page,4.0
This is a bad product. This is not good product. Worst product.. Not use full.. Money waste..  Don't buy this..,1.0
Very happy with this product,5.0
Only 30 pages  print,2.0
I have not got the CD to install the drive to print,3.0
Catridge is just print 20 papers.fucking product.fully disappoint with it,1.0
I thought it will print more .but not .very worst .print will be taken good. The  cartridge taking only 10 papers,1.0
no wifi and catridge cost high with low performance,1.0
Wery bad useless,1.0
Easy to use,5.0
Great,5.0
Good quality,5.0
Install CD not  givenHp Services hub at kalyan not Help because online purchased product,3.0
The product is good but now I am facing some problems...... In this Like not printing any data on paper... Blank paper is coming out...,2.0
I LIKE PRINTING QUALITY,4.0
CD not available in HP printer inside& Send e bill at pradip87.chauhan@gmail.com,1.0
Very good and genuine product but delivery is issue have to collect from the store.Delivery service was poor,5.0
Good and easy to use but catrage price is high,4.0
Nice,5.0
"Good condition,working also good,i have no CD system so i am download software in hp website.",5.0
Both the cartridges print only 40 pages ( approximately ) which is very costly to use.,1.0
doing what is expected,5.0
It's Amazing printing quality is great we can Xerox also without connecting computer nice printer,4.0
Nice product,5.0
All that a student needs for his personal work at an affordable cost. :),5.0
Uselesssss,1.0
Good one,5.0
Nice product by HP. It is really a product which value for money.,5.0
Super,5.0
Nice print quality,5.0
No installation cd found,4.0
Good product,5.0
Worst product everNever buy it from hereIn beginning it will work well after sometimes it is just waste nt printing,1.0
Cartage was unuseful . Wast of money,5.0
Excellent......u can buy this product blindly ....not worry at all.,5.0
Good product,4.0
Very good printer,5.0
Its Good printer but its catridges are very costly it has around Rs2000 My opinion is do not buy it buy a costly model printer,4.0
Good product but need to improve ink life,4.0
Only Two month Use The Printer & Its Damage..Poor Quality..Its Not Buy..:),2.0
wrong drive installed and have no correct drive installation option.,5.0
GOOD STILL EVEN AFTER 2YR,5.0
All perfect,5.0
Good product for this price,4.0
this printer ink is very less and get empty by printing 50 pages,1.0
Worst product...never properly works,1.0
Very easy to use,5.0
Results are good helps complete kids projects,4.0
Best in that price range,5.0
"just 9 prints and the ink is fully depleted not fair, it should atleast last for 50 prints",2.0
Very costly (ink) is of 1000 rs and prints 84 pages,1.0
It has only A4 printing type.,4.0
Very Good Product. All is well.,5.0
Great printing and well working of other functions,5.0
Bad products,1.0
Good Product But CD not Received,5.0
Very good device and excilent proformane nothing else,5.0
After 2 days he is not working. Bad product delivered,1.0
good work,5.0
Ink completed very fast I need  very fast reply,1.0
It is easy to use and handle device,4.0
Easy to use,5.0
Cartridge is costlier and gets damaged frequently.,2.0
Good,5.0
printer is nice,4.0
I didn’t get the CD with printer,4.0
I haven't got my warrenty card in it.What to do?,2.0
Bad product always ink problem,1.0
Print quality is not good from refill ink,2.0
Sometimes it execute  print command very late.,4.0
Waste 🖨️,2.0
Nice product,4.0
Nice product,4.0
Good work printer,4.0
"Suppap printer, easy to install, colour print is average",5.0
Fine printer ......but they gave very few ink with the printer,5.0
Very good printer.nice working. Cannot say cartridge.because i am take only few prints only. But its good quality,4.0
Value for money,5.0
Missing both cartaige,1.0
stopped printing of document in 3 months ...cartridge have failed ....,2.0
Good quality,4.0
MC AND RN PRINTER,1.0
No sense of this printerTotaly weast of moneyEven carriage not support,1.0
Very bad printer.....Damage within 1 month,1.0
This product is west,1.0
All ok,5.0
very good product,4.0
"Easy to use, print quality is good",5.0
Yes,5.0
Absolutely ridiculous product,1.0
No,3.0
Good,4.0
Good product,4.0
Very good,4.0
It's a awesome product. Happy with this,5.0
Good,5.0
Best printer at this segment,4.0
Hard to find suitable cartridges,5.0
Good product,4.0
Nyc piece,5.0
Good,5.0
Low quality fraud product.,1.0
It a very good printer at budget price,5.0
Waste of money🤑💸💵💴💶💰💳,1.0
Awesome,4.0
Easy to install...best printer in this segment,5.0
Best easy printer for all these 3 works.With affordable price thank you,4.0
The Printing quality is very nice..... but the cartridge cost is very high for both black and color cartridges...,4.0
very costly for printing its just wast of  money for this product,1.0
Printer slow working other ink not respective,5.0
Dislike because USB conneter is very bad.printer isn't use at this time.,1.0
I don't get installation and driver CD with packet,4.0
Excellent printer,5.0
A,5.0
bekar printar hecartreg problam very bad printar,1.0
The product was broken when it came to me.,1.0
Please don't buy this product it is not good product,1.0
Ink,2.0
"Your browser does not support HTML5 video.


   Very bad product",1.0
Ink is very less.dont print 100 pages.,2.0
Please Replace my cartige,5.0
Very bad,1.0
Very good for home use,4.0
Very good,4.0
Best printer,5.0
very bad product,1.0
Very good quality and is easy to use took a little time to to figure out how to install it,5.0
Good quality,5.0
Cost of the print is high but still its a good printer for home use,5.0
Product not hoto the mark.Don't buy,1.0
Great experience 👌👌👌👌,5.0
Very good for home use.Very costly ink.,5.0
Good,5.0
amazing product in lowsest price,5.0
printer ink not sufficient to take  more then 20 pages,1.0
Very nice,4.0
"Very Bad, driver CD not found with printer",1.0
Great product at this price point for 1999.,5.0
Good,4.0
Good buy at this price,5.0
Nice,5.0
All is well,5.0
Gkfhio,3.0
good printing quality,5.0
Awsme one,5.0
It's a good printer bit loading paper is an issue.,4.0
You gave me a defective printer .,1.0
Decent printer for home use.,4.0
its refill worth very expensive print quality is good,1.0
Disappointed...printer cartage missing,1.0
Good quality,5.0
Bad product,1.0
Very nice & very good product,5.0
Best printer for home use  easy to operate and the quality is best,5.0
Not printing correctly,1.0
ink refill cost to high,5.0
Bsv,2.0
Printer is not working I need help,1.0
Waste printer,1.0
Very good,5.0
Good for better choice this price,4.0
Best printer you can buy,5.0
its too bad even do just only 50 copies with 1 time ink.. so expensive please donot buy this,1.0
Good print quality,4.0
2131,5.0
Useless product,1.0
I like this product but produce some problems,5.0
Very easy to install and very good print quality,5.0
I hate this perodect,2.0
Good one.,5.0
Works perfectly! Both scan and printer,5.0
Printing quality is good and product delivered within time.,4.0
Great product!,5.0
Printing -awesome but cartilage is too costlyy,3.0
Tnx amazon,5.0
"Very difficult to install,  fair ink or printing quality",4.0
It is only for personal not for commercial.,1.0
bad,5.0
Very good item,5.0
I like the printing quality.,4.0
It is very good product,5.0
Nice,5.0
Nice,5.0
Does the work well... but ink is expensive,4.0
One printer one use,1.0
"Not Good,Tough to install",2.0
Lovely product,5.0
Ink cartridges are costly. Cost of cartridge mostly equal to cost of printer,4.0
Good,5.0
Printer not working properly. Every alternative line is not printed,1.0
Cartridge cost is heavier.,3.0
Good,4.0
Useless printer please don't buys as it's cartige is very expensive,1.0
ink gets over very fast,3.0
Cartridge life come,3.0
Gud product money worth but ink 'll dry fastly,3.0
good product,5.0
Good product and very useful,5.0
good product,5.0
printing good,4.0
Good printer. ...is low price,4.0
Nice......helpful product,4.0
Low printing frequency.,5.0
Money wasted product,1.0
V gd,5.0
nice,4.0
es ka shad to cd driver to aaya hi nahi,1.0
Good,5.0
Super,5.0
Good,3.0
Good product at this cost.,4.0
Very poor ink and costly,1.0
It was good product,5.0
paper jam problem in this printer,1.0
Nice must buy for home use,5.0
Very slow pageout time wrost product guys plzz dont buy this,1.0
It's a great product for personal use.,4.0
It is working good,5.0
This machine is very good printer,3.0
Good,4.0
good,4.0
Black ink came only 10 papers,1.0
No drivers cd,1.0
Very bad,1.0
good piece for that price,5.0
It's a value for money,5.0
Amazing experience,5.0
Cd is not come,3.0
CD is missing,5.0
Superb product. !!!!!! Amazon totally Rocks!!!!! Thank u so much,5.0
Good,5.0
low cost and good product,5.0
Jgh,2.0
Meeting my expectations and working good,4.0
Best printer,5.0
"Great buy, superb features, value for money.",5.0
Bed,3.0
Good product,5.0
Best product,4.0
Good one...,5.0
Good,4.0
Very poor print quality,2.0
Nice,5.0
Good printer and value for money,5.0
thank you,4.0
Excellent,5.0
It is excellent for home use,5.0
Osam product,5.0
Nyc printer... All thing are doing well.,5.0
Very good,4.0
Nice product,4.0
Very good product at this price range.working well,4.0
Not at all user friendly,1.0
Very good product iam very happy,5.0
VERY GOOD CONDITION,5.0
Super printer i like thi 2131model,5.0
Good product,5.0
Reffil so expensive,3.0
Good,4.0
It requires to much ink not good,3.0
"Decent product, not very cost effective",3.0
The black cartridge is faulty.,1.0
Awesome Superbly working,4.0
Best product..Also can print with My galaxy J7,5.0
"Black cartridge finished in 50 copy. I am not satisfied with service, so I want to return printer.",1.0
Good product,4.0
Value for money,4.0
Very waste product,5.0
Cartage not good,3.0
Best quality printer at affordable price.,4.0
Good,3.0
High running charges,1.0
"Genuine HP product,working well,very affordable price.",5.0
I just bought it this month and does not work only,1.0
This is not so goodThis printer absorb lots of ink,1.0
It is very good,5.0
v good,5.0
good,3.0
Totally waste of money,1.0
It’s doesn't support windows xp even though they have mentioned it,3.0
It is a awesome product,5.0
Its ink cost 900 rs.Dont buy this.,1.0
its nice one good for personal or home use,4.0
Nice productBut not printing fast,2.0
Can't installed on Window Xp,2.0
Only 75 pages xerox hua or ink khtm hogya .  or ink ka cost 950 + h,1.0
Best,5.0
Poor product & no support from HP after logging call !,1.0
Ink capacity is low,1.0
Waste because it's cartage is damage early,1.0
Hutiya banaya,2.0
Good and excellent printer for home use.Wage is also fair.,5.0
Worst product,1.0
nice,5.0
best product,5.0
Quality aa well as performance is satisfactory.,5.0
"Poor,cartage Borken,finished first.poor experience,but delivery good,",1.0
Superb,5.0
Waste  of money,3.0
West off mony,1.0
It was not nice and service was not nice i want to replace it,1.0
Excellent printing,5.0
Good quality,5.0
Bhout Accha printer bw,5.0
Prodak. Good,5.0
Worst product,1.0
A quality product,5.0
Worthful with this price,4.0
"ok ,good,nice printer",4.0
Nice product,5.0
return your printer,1.0
Nice,5.0
A worthy product. Unexpectedly cheap price. Works well. I am happy.,5.0
Ink cartridge capacity,1.0
GOOD product and good response,5.0
it's really very very nice 👌👌,5.0
Bad,1.0
Not good printer,1.0
GOOD,4.0
Good,2.0
"sometime functions, sometime not.",3.0
No so good,2.0
"this printer very costly,",1.0
printer is not detecting cartridge,2.0
Poor.q,2.0
OSM printer,4.0
Super printer,5.0
Good product,3.0
Bad,5.0
Nice product,4.0
good,4.0
It's awesome amazing product😍 loved it,5.0
nice product go for it,5.0
"This product working well, the supplier providing the genuine products",5.0
working good. Satisfied with purchase.,5.0
Very nice product,5.0
Excellent,5.0
Dislike and home prudeact,2.0
Very good,4.0
I am very disappointing for Amazon service,1.0
Nice product prints very good,5.0
IT is good,4.0
Low budget printer is very good,4.0
Nice HP printer,3.0
Print cost is too high.Think twice will purchasing,3.0
Nice product..,4.0
"Its good, 4 homE use",4.0
It is not good for me plz take it back,1.0
very nice,4.0
both cartridge is missing,1.0
nice for personal use,4.0
Not that good,2.0
Duplicate cartage,1.0
This printer is good and easy to use for small office and house work.,5.0
Not working properly,1.0
Good,5.0
it is good in this price,2.0
Good,5.0
It's good,5.0
Cheap and best for daily printing needs.Scan of photo not best in quality.,5.0
Super,5.0
Nice,4.0
Nice product,4.0
Good,4.0
Good,4.0
Nice,5.0
Nice printer,4.0
"I want 4th o invoice bills, urgently in my id",3.0
Very bad,1.0
Best one for personal use.,5.0
Doing well,4.0
Well quality and easy to use,5.0
Best printer hp2131,5.0
Very good AIO printer in this price range. Excellent performance.,5.0
"It is a good choice,working as per my expectations",5.0
very good machine,5.0
Good product,4.0
good,4.0
It's a very cool printer,5.0
Worst,1.0
Its Ok  as branded product working well.,5.0
Best product,5.0
easy very easy,5.0
Not good,1.0
Worth for money,4.0
Bogus item......,1.0
"its a good product..bt i can""t scan by  the software cd",3.0
poor quqlity,2.0
Good on price but ink cost is high,4.0
High printing cost,1.0
Good price,5.0
Not bad. It's ok,3.0
Very costly.... Go for the inktank,1.0
Nic products,4.0
"Good product, quick delivery",4.0
very excellent product used it very happy.,5.0
Very much satisfiedHappy,5.0
Gud for given price,5.0
Good product!;,5.0
super working,5.0
Good quality,5.0
Nice product,5.0
Vry bad quality..,1.0
Tooo bad . Not at all working . Waste of money 😐😑😑,1.0
nice product.,5.0
a good printer which meets all the requirements for a home user,5.0
very Good Quality Printer,5.0
Not good,1.0
nice printer i love very much,5.0
Very good working,4.0
nice,5.0
Review,5.0
Good product for all sorts of basic usage.,4.0
It's Good.,5.0
Not good,2.0
So far so good.,4.0
Yes,4.0
best,5.0
Not good,1.0
Not bad,3.0
Good,3.0
Good machine..works well.copact one in all,4.0
Working good !,3.0
It's repair,3.0
bakwas printer hai bhai,1.0
Bad printer,1.0
Bed prodect,1.0
Nice one,4.0
Good printer but ink dry .,2.0
THIS IS VERY GOOD,5.0
Best product @ best price,5.0
Excellent.,5.0
Good,3.0
Its not nice,1.0
Nice,3.0
Nice,5.0
A wise product good take and enjoy it,5.0
Good,4.0
Excellent,5.0
"Good, its a worth full product.",4.0
Good,4.0
Value for money.,4.0
West products,1.0
Nice to use and simple,5.0
Abhi talk to sahu hai,5.0
Require black cartridge.,3.0
Best for personal use,4.0
