review,rating
It's an awesome tv with an competitive video and audio quality with Sony it's a THUMBS UP for this perfect match for my living room Thanks MI for bringing this in the range.READ MORE,5.0
"REVIEW AFTER 2 WEEKS OF USErating: 3.5/5PROS:1.Value of money. You cant even think about a smart TV at this price.( i am not considering iffalcon, kevin ,vu or any other kind of alternate)2.Good sound quality , initially i thought 20 watt speakers are not enough but they are enough for our small living room.3. Patch wall is good and user friendly. You can use it like your phone. 4.  Two USB ports. you can use keyboard or mouse along with HD or Pen drive.5. Internet Connectivity ...READ MORE",4.0
PROS1) Value for money2) Speaker quality is good3) Patchwall OS is good and lots of content.4) Picture quality is standard but not excellant5) Standard build qualityCONS1) Though the display is LED but the panel used is LCD. It would have been better with IPS display.2) Dolby sound output is not working from HD DTH ( any company cable DTH ) box as this TV support only DTS sound. So you have to satisfy yourself with stereo sound.4) No Google play service to download application and...READ MORE,4.0
"1. Best excellent Awesome screen picture quality 1080 pi res. supported. Ui is beautiful.2. Superb sound quality. Bass is low but quality of music is very high.3. Best connectivity. Casting flawlessly.4. Easy to handle. Nice and faster 1 day Delivery .5. Don't know why people goes for Sony, Samsung or LG with more cost.6.It's an awesome tv with an competitive video and audio quality with Sony it's a THUMBS UP for this perfect match for my living room Thanks MI for bringing this in the r...READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent service from Flipkart and delivery within 24 hrs of purchase. Installation and demo from Jeeves company they installed within 24 hrs from Delivery.For MII recently purchase this Mi TV is looks good but one drawback is there no Hotstar and Sunxt, YouTube apps in the Patchwall TV. In the product description MI mention this apps are available but not and no South Indian Movie or channels available in this TV. it is very difficult and big drawback is Google play store is not there i...READ MORE",3.0
"Mi 4A TV - 32 inch (Honest Review)Sound : 10/10 really very loud and crystal clear.Performance : 9/10 lags a bit while multitasking.Display : 6.5/10.Features : 10/10 Flipkart's delivery was very fast received the TV within 2 days. & wall mounting and installation by the Jeeves was on the same day of delivery (within 2 hrs.)You can run apps like : YouTube, Gaana, Google Chrome, Hotstar without any problem just by installing one app known as ""aptoid TV"" after installing this apk from U...READ MORE",3.0
I am using the TV for last 10 days...There were many negative reviews about the product which leaded to think twice before purchasing the product. but finally I made the decision to purchase keeping in mind positive reviews and price of the smart tv.  I have some answer to them who put negative review to this splendid tv.1st. Yes the panel is LCD Panel but you will get enough side view to watch the tv with correct colour combination. 2nd. Display is awesome... some compained against the pi...READ MORE,5.0
"helllo guysI am writing this review after about 1.5 months of usage, and i m very sure that after reading this review you will not need to read any other reviews.i bought the 32"" model .the delivery was good and the product was delivered within 3 to 4 days.Moreover the packageing was very good so you need not worry about delivery damage.now let me very clear that i m not going to cover the specifications  in my review as you can find them on each and every website.what i will explain is th...READ MORE",4.0
"Awesome Mi tv 4A (32): *Worth to buy it*Display - video 720p, 1080p - super quality 4/5.Control - too easy 5/5.Wifi - super speed 5/5.Sound quality & effect is too good 5/5.Fast response smart TV 4/5. (Pendrive support, mobile connection)Nice remote control, so compact 5/5.Other features - 4/5.tv- less weight. Good packaging.#Awesome Flipkart.I'm so happy to have this Tv at my home.  Good installation service from jeeves.READ MORE",5.0
Mi tv is a bugdet tv so amd it has its pros and cons. Pros:1.good colour reproduction                                        2 Adaptive brightness                                                  3.crisp and loud sound(tv is on table top)          4.Design is good                                                    5.Patchwall UI is very user friendly                                                                                      !                                                          ...READ MORE,4.0
Mi tv is a bugdet tv so amd it has its pros and cons. Pros:1.good colour reproduction                                        2 Adaptive brightness                                                  3.crisp and loud sound(tv is on table top)          4.Design is good                                                    5.Patchwall UI is very user friendly                                                                                      !                                                          ...READ MORE,4.0
"ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. For this price segment you won't find a better TV (smart) in the Indian market. Picture quality is superb, PatchWall Interface is cool. Sound quality is above average. Overall very happy and satisfied with Mi TV. Thank you Flipkart for delivering this awesome product.READ MORE",5.0
"Pros1.picture quality is very amazing2.sound is really amazing3.connectivy also good and some mobile with stock Android dont have ""wireless display"" option and miracast is not work  with ""wifi direct"" option.4. 4K videos also play with vlc media player5. we also able to install apps from pendrive6. hotstar is working fine with 1080p quality7. normal videocon setof box all good if u watch tv in long distance8. if u will use hd dth box it is worthCons 1. nothing i was notedREAD MORE",5.0
"Thanks Flipkart for this opportunity to get out needed stuff easily, this time I want to thank for my TV which I brought and replaced to the same content. I am happy with your product, service & customer support. I also want to suggest you something that to improve the ekart delivery boyes service quality. Overall I'm very much satisfied and looking forward buy meny more products from online and suggest all my friends & family to do the same. Thank you Flipkart.... Rajdev Adhikary 🇮🇳READ MORE",5.0
"Finally i git it in my hand. Got istallation. And its bomblastic LED tv. Who are thinking to buy a tv.. Just go ahead and buy mi. And many people on youtube are telling you that this tv is not LED and its LCD. So be logical and decide, LCD tvs are far thick than LED as it has backlight panel inside. So how could it be possible to make LCD as thinnest as LED. And black looks as a black. Its not grey.READ MORE",5.0
"Sound is good. Picture quality is worst. Y should we buy a TV if the picture is blurred. Smart is only namesake. Connects but blurrrrrr. Spend some more money and go foe the best always. Sony, LG, Samsung. This is not like a fast food to eat and go. U can not buy a TV everyday. Dont treat this as common review. Still if u want to buy, first u have an eye for sometime on TV. Then decision is yours.READ MORE",1.0
"TV is good in this price range. Picture quality is not like samsung or sony but it is the best you can get in this price. Colors are okay but black does not seem to be black, it's bit gray. Youtube is not supported and even most of the series are not included in Voot like 'Bob the builder' is not part of voot kids. Please xiomi, if you are integrating any application so atleast include all the shows. Tv remote is a plus. Very smooth and sexy. You will love it. Batteries are not given so you...READ MORE",4.0
1st Clearly Written on TV its LCD Panel & Not LED Panel.2nd Sound Quality is Ok Ok 3rd No Other Apps Can be Downloaded4th When Viewing from Front Angel its Good But Side View Color gets Faint.5th Main thing You Tube/ HotStar/ Gana / Google Play etc etc not available on PatchWallUpdate Require Urgently for MIUI Ver 1.0.0Thing Before Buying or Wait till Updated MIUI comes.I m fan of MI Mobiles but here MITV i m disappointedREAD MORE,2.0
"This is not smart tv. Most android apps can't support. I installed side load via apps. Only support YouTube, VLC media player, amazon prime, Netflix, apps. This TV does not have Bluetooth support. There is no mute button on this TV remote. There is no number button on this TV remote. Sound quality, picture quality awesome. But this tv not full smart tv. Normal tv only. I'm not satisfied this tv purchase. Perhaps this TV software may be updated in the future, but now my opinion is that this TV...READ MORE",3.0
"BOOMBASTIC!!!    Thanks to Flipkart for delivering the TV to Chennai in 2 days and Installation was done by Jeevees Engineer on the next day itself after promp followup & within scheduled timing.     First of all who ever bought this through flash sale are considered as lucky one and Proud owner of MITV 4A. This is such a fabulous TV with most of the Android and technical features have it on known popular brands like Sony, Samsung etc., and for this Price tag, it's emerges as a real winner...READ MORE",4.0
"What a fabulous visual delight ! After the demo of my 43"" MI Tv , I immediately ordered 2 more for my house. The patch wall is fantastic loaded with the latest content, I am able to mirror the screen and below are some of initial tests (UAT) :)1) Mirror Screen working seamlessly !2) Chrome cast  working seamlessly !3) Google Chrome I am able to install and run ! (what more do you need ?)4) USB Drive, External HDD, HDMI dish Tv, Digital Camera (AV ports) wired headphone working seamlessly...READ MORE",5.0
LIKE everyone I was also skeptical about the smart tv but I had trust in the company of XIAOMI that they won't let down a product just because it has a quite reasonable price. I have been using an MI phone for the last 5 years and I never faced any issue with it. Thus I was very confident while purchasing this SMART TV.now the review - it undoubtedly one of the best budget friendly smart Tv's in the market and It does stand out with its features.in my experience with the tv I have not face...READ MORE,5.0
"Outstanding product for the given price.Sound is very loud, crisp and clear.Connectivity features:# 2 USB ports are inaccessible if wall mounted- USB extension cables should solve the problem.# 2.4 Ghz Wi-Fi connectivity is only available but is fast enough.# 1ARC HDMI and 2 normal HDMI ports are available, which should be more than enough.# 3.5mm audio jack available for speakers, headphones and Bluetooth transmitters connectivity.# LAN port is also provided.Applications and other...READ MORE",5.0
"I was lucky enough to get this TV from the 17th April flash Sale. TV was delivered in next 4 days (21 April). Delivery guy open the TV package and showed me that there isn't any damage in TV while delivering. Service engineer scheduled to visit the TV on 24 April.  If anyone is interested, this TV is LED backlit LCD TV. It's written on the right face of the package box as a note.TV quality is good, sound quality is also good. As this is a smart TV watching YouTube is fun. Although you can...READ MORE",4.0
After 2 weeks of usage review:1# Picture ClarityThe picture clarity is good .Color production is pretty good.Brightness and contrast can be adjusted Adaptive display eye protection all works fine.Everyone should know that its a led backlit lcd tv.All tvs are lcd with led backlit .Panel type is unknown.However i think its VA .Viewing angle is not that great.There is a glaring effect when viewed from angles.Overall display is 4.42#SoundLoud clear base reflex stereo sound .Depends on the ...READ MORE,5.0
"1st thing I got this LED TV that the price of 13,000 only on 10% HDFC instant discount. pros of  tv-         1.TV is very lightweight around 4 kg.                      2.picture quality superb in 720 and 1080 pixel, quality is also maintain in set up box                                3..audio quality just wow sound is to Lord and clear 4.Wi-Fi connectivity is great but Miracast connectivity is poor but Miracast is fine with MI phones.          5........ too much content on patchwall you can ...READ MORE",5.0
"I am already happy with Mi phones as all of my family members are using since long time. Today as I receives the MI led TV 4A 32 inch with neat and tidy packing , I was really delighted with Flipkart service. The TV is best at this price, sound and picture quality is awesome . The person gave a demo and setup was done successfully. I would suggest this TV for the ones who wants to go for a good TV at this budget. For higher range they can go for the Full HD and 4K MI Led. Overall experience i...READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome Experience To Have MI TV 4A in ny living room. Best Smart TV in this price range. As we know that currently it doesn't supports Google Play Services and play store, So you can download ""Aptoide TV"" application from an external source and install it on your MI tv via USB. This is also a app store, you can find all the application such as Hotstar, Youtube, Facebook, Browser, Audio/Video Player, Saavn, Games, etc.I'm enjoying it without any problem. I recommend all to use this app to in...READ MORE",5.0
"PLEASE DO NOT GO WITH THE GOOD REVIEWS, THE PRODUCT IS NOT GOOD AT ALL.IT ONLY HAS 6-7 DEFAULT APPS AND OTHER APPS WILL NOT EVEN WORK IF YOU INSTALL IT FROM A USB.NETFLIX IS GETTING INSTALLED THROUGH USB BUT IT IS NOT WORKING OR I CANNOT NAVIGATE TO THE EXACT SERIAL OF EPISODE I WANT TO WATCH.THERE IS NO APP STORE OF MI FROM WHERE U CAN DOWNLOAD COMPATIBLE APPS.MAKE SURE YOU BUY A GOOGLE CHROMECAST OR FIRESTICK WITH THIS SO CALLED SMART TV TO MAKE IT SMART ENOUGH TO WORK FOR YOU.PATHETIC...READ MORE",1.0
"I was in a great confusion among ""mi TV 32 inch"" and ""Thompson 32 inch"" both had almost same features . but I was worried about the after sale services of the Thomson TV because in my area there was no service center. coming to mi TV 1)The picture and sound clarity is very brilliant . to know that well you have to play a movie of 1gb size and you can clearly understand the picture clarity. Sound is also perfect  . it has much loudness. 2) the remote is simple . but it lacks the switch for ...READ MORE",5.0
"I got best product in this price. Quality of the product is not as per expected. Though it has a LED LCD backlight panel pictures quality is good  ,Sound quality is superb, Wall mounting bracket quality is pure not as like for rupees 400/-. IR blaster cable should be given free of cost by Xiaomi because it is a part of TV and it should be depends on person's use.It costs me 200/-. Also delivery of product is on time by Flipkart.It is a best budget TV in 15000/-. I recommend to all those who ...READ MORE",4.0
"The TV is really good at this price segment.pros.1. nice picture quality2. supports almost every video codec3. you can attach keyboard and mouse also4. you can attach home theater system via earphone socket.5. very light weight hence easy to transfer from place to place.cons.1. no vga port, you can't attach your pc having VGA port. I have cpu with VGA but it cannot be attached to this tv because no VGA port in tv.2. sound is very low and not enough for a medium size hall also.3. al...READ MORE",4.0
"Best smart tv with lowest price.... must buy... you can install jio tv and jio movies.... build quality is too good...patchwall Os presents a beautiful home screen containing  popular videos , movies and serieses arranged by your priority setup... If you could get install jio tv , then no DTH will be needed for watching or browsing every tv channels or show throughout india. It has pre-installed Hotstar,Voot,ALT balaji, and many more... you can install MX player or VLC player to play any type...READ MORE",5.0
"After 3 days usage my review comments : If your budget is between 10k - 20k , then this is the best 32 inch TV.... Worth and value for Money....Excellent service from Flipkart and delivery within 24 hrs of purchase. Installation and demo delayed...Tips : Use your USB or wireless mouse & keyboard... which will help us in many ways.. during browsing, control selection in OS and apps  etc \. Which saves us our time a lot.Sound : 9 / 10  Very loud and Without any base effect -  if music fo...READ MORE",5.0
"100% Honest reviewWe all know what it is included in this Tv,  so I will only clarify doubts.1. Tv is not fully smart.... Don't have wifi direct only have miracast. So if your phone is stock android than you won't be able to do screen mirroring.2. IR STB cable works but unfortunately not correct. I have tested on DD Free dish and It fails to switch correct channels.3. I can't able to run youtube and chrome at first. But after some update youtube appears in app section and works nicely but...READ MORE",2.0
"Great experience. fast installation service. best TV at this price. better than LG or Samsung though you can't compare with Sony. Xiaomi should include battery, IR bluster and TV stand in the package. there are few cons in this TV as well. firstly no Bluetooth so you won't be able to connect Bluetooth headphones. no Bluetooth remote like the 4k version. incomplete OS, must have pre-installed playstore and some useful apps. other than these everything is too good. Sound is great as well as pic...READ MORE",5.0
~ Value for money.~ Light weight.~ Looks better than most branded models.~ 3xHDMI port is plus when you compair with the price.~ You can search on YouTube | how to install application on MiTv through usb drive. You will also find the softwares on video description. It doesnt support google play store as of now but install tvdroid app on your tv and you can download almost every software that you may want.~ Good picture quality.~ Amazing sound quality.~ Vga port is missing but you could...READ MORE,5.0
"After more then 15days usage I feel MI TV value for money.Pros:1.looks good, bigger display and slim.2.youtube and hot star working very wellCons:1.disply brightness has not to calibration properly. I have search internet and changed my self its work fine can try the following settings:Brightness -50Contrast-50(TV)  or  55Sharpness - 20Saturation - 45Color - StandardBack light - 50 I feel this display color good try it.2.quality of back panel and stand is cheep material .3.soun...READ MORE",4.0
"Excellent product at this price tag. Mi is doing well in Mobile phone as well as in TV. Definitely a game changer in smart TV segment.Sound-ExellentPicture Quality-NiceAesthetic-SuperbWeight-Like laptopConnectivity-AwesomeRemote-Better than anythingBut it's stability and life, have to check in future.Go for it. 32inch smart TV in ₹14k you can't get anywhere. So you can buy blindly.READ MORE",5.0
I think that it's much better Tv in whole market and sound quality is very good and picture quality is above average not much better and better than the other Tv like thomson and iffcon and other and Over all is very good..... and u can go for it.......  thanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Dear Flipkart Friends,I have purchased Mi TV 43 inch on 16th March, deluvered and installed by Jeeves executive on 20th March.As of now TV is working fine.Below are the Pros & Cons which I have noticed.IMP: Whoever not got this TV in Flipkart or mi website,please visit nearby MI store, u can get easily.I think online shopping websites are creating demand themselves while doing flash sale Pros:Good display qualitySound is good and enough for me for normal living HallSmart function...READ MORE",5.0
"Display - Display quality is just awesome, i get what i expect from this tv.Sound - Sound is really good and loud enough, but there is no bass in this tv.Connectivity - You can connect your phone, laptop, screen mirroring, mira cast etc.Smart Features - Smart features are above avrage, Bcoz there is no pre-loaded apps in this tv you have to install via pen drive.Overall Fully Satisfied With Tv...Note - If You Are Thinking You'll Get HD Picture Quality Then You Have To Go For HD Set ...READ MORE",5.0
"Yeah I'm satisfied by the quality of the product by Flipkart and aslo thankful to jeeves,installation partner to giving me a IR cable worth Rs 300 in free.Overall it's my pleasure to buy this product from Flipkart and ekart to delivered on time so I recommend to all who wants to by this product go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Everything is fine i like the TV but the picture quality and colours are not so good so if you are searching for a tv that have good colours and perfect picture quality i will suggest you go for Thomson TV or sonyREAD MORE,3.0
"For those who are saying it's LCD not LED. So Brothers for your kind information every LED TV has LCD panel with LED backlit, earlier CCFL was used in LCD TVs. Definitely it's a full HD TV not HD TV. It can easily give compete with other popular brands like Sony LG.READ MORE",5.0
"I get much and more in ₹13999 in comparison to other LED TV ,its all feature is best . its sound quality is also best .and Who ordered it feels good. This TV support android programs.Thanks Xiaomi MIREAD MORE",5.0
"In the price, it's sure the best value for money at the moment. Four years back, I had bought Samsung 40"" non-Smart LED in more than double price.But price isn't only factor. It doesn't leave any stone unturned on any feature. iR cable is a nice innovation, detects 2Tb HDD easily and PatchWall is easy and fluid. Did I tell you that it has an exceptional loud voice?facing only one issue, unable to connect Mi Remote App on One Plus 3 with this TV over WiFiREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome pictures quality within great price. If someone planning to buy a new tv I suggest you all buy MI TV because within this price range you can't get smart tv with great picture quality. MI TV really compet with others branded company tv.READ MORE,5.0
For cheaper.Dis advantages1. we need to connect usb for app installation.2. miracast screen mirroring only available. its available in mi phones. for other android phone it won't available and not allow to share the screen.3. no play store available.4. everytime we need to install the app by apk downloaded in usb.5. Dont compare with samsung and sony tvs HD display.6. many apps not supported and not able to access it.7. keyboard available in tv is very difficult to use it. 8. there ...READ MORE,2.0
"Pros: - Great sound. I'm mighty impressed by the speakers. you wont need a sound bar. - the picture quality is good, but not great. blacks could have been darker. But considering the price tag, it's great value for money.- delivery and installation was done quick and smooth.Cons: - NO IR BLASTER INCLUDED! I fail to understand why. Costs about Rs 150.- No AAA batteries for the Mi remote included. Guys at Xiaomi - it costs 20 bucks to get those, but was highly inconvenient as i had to go...READ MORE",3.0
"Color contrast is lowSound is awesome Picture quality is good Screen cast is not good No play store so can't use some updated app like zee5, jio tvREAD MORE",3.0
Patch wall ui is awesome. For this price range this tv is best. Still there are some cons like no youtube and play store but hoping xiaomi will bring it soon. As of now I am using youtube in Kodi which is working fine and terrarium app also works fine in the tv.READ MORE,5.0
"worth for price??? i can't say because the feature it has given are not up to the mark.here are my observations..1. HDMI cable i connected to my laptop. a blank desktop showing it.  I'm unable to watch anything except a desktop wallpaper of my laptop on tv.2. pendrive / hard-disk support. only few formats it will play. remaining.. ""not supportable ""3. youtube video quality . Max.720 pixel.not more than that.4. mira cast : it connects only to few devices... it won't connect to Motorol...READ MORE",1.0
One star for super fast delivery by flipkart and installation person comes to home on next day of delivery. after mounting TV in stand. Installation person plugged TV in socket there is no response from TV.  flipkart help on this issue. need a replacement with genuine product.  MI should take action on this.READ MORE,1.0
Not A Good Smart TV Because Playstore And Any Google Service Will Not Install And Work In This TV And Sound Quality Is Poor. Video Quality Is Very Very Good. But If You See As Price Then Product Is 7 From 10 Score.READ MORE,3.0
"Fast deliveryWhen we first ON the TV, picture z like animation ..gradually it took clear picture..colour z little bit dimmer..No mute button on remote.. No batteries..Wall mounting accessories are not included..Typing z little bit difficult with 11 button remote control.. Connect keyboard and mouse make easier when we connected with internet.No inbuilt application on tv.READ MORE",4.0
"Best TV at Low priceOther brands such as LG , Samsung etc cheat people By telling LED TV , But Mi didn't cheat us, Its clearly Written that it is LCD panel. All LED TV has LCD panel which I came to know now. Just browse in the internet to see what actually LED TV isOther TV brands cheat people By keeping TV price way too high but in fact it is of low price.READ MORE",5.0
"Delivery by Gati courier was horrible.Picked up on April 26th and delivered on May 10 and that too after repeatedly​ calling their customer care.Irresponsible people.Demo and installation of the TV,by Geeves was excellent and prompt.I was looking for a 43 inch budget TV,not interested in its smart features,and I am extremely happy with this Mi tvREAD MORE",5.0
"I was expecting much, but I never expected it to. Tv quality is not so good . sound quality is fine .  Smart TV rating is 2/5. there no options for google play services and google apps. THE MAIN CHEATING IS THAT DISPLAY IS NOT LED IT IS  LCD PANEL . its big problem in this TVREAD MORE",3.0
I am not satisfied with the resolution as i expected colour are changing.... better to go for other brands.cell phone display is better than TV but here the thing is both are mi onlyREAD MORE,1.0
"Dnt go into deeper reviews. For this money, what they are providing is way better than other brands.#Only 55 inch is slimmer version. Dnt think all 3 versions are slimmer#my upgrade was from the old model large tv to this, so for me, its more than enough#some say its not fhd. I dont care about that. Its really good.#found some bugs.. But thats alright. I cant ask the perfect tv for this money.READ MORE",4.0
It a nice product quality is too good but only one thing is to improve energy star is 3* it has to improve....READ MORE,4.0
Mi Tv 43inch Delivered By EKART Logistics The Delivery Was Awesome. I Got The Product With In 24Hours and Got Installed(Wall Mounted) At same day By (JEEVES) Executive.EKART executive already Opened The box infront of me.. Over all The TV is Supeerb Awesome.. 22.999+500 for Wall mount.. 23499 It is the best TV in the market.MAIN point Picture quality is Really 1080P True HD. i'm using TATA SKY DTH service I HAVE GOT THE BEST RESULT. FULL ON VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE,5.0
Very workable to middle class family. reasonable rate.And delivered also very quick. but installation it's little bit delay. The main problem is the TV left side one star category sticker is there mention for LCD. same problem box sticker also. That box right side it's mention. MI TV is a LED backlit LCD panel.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome Mi Tv 43 inch... And great price. Beautiful display and full HD mode.... So, guys don't think just grap it...READ MORE",5.0
Best TV everone of the best smart TV in just 14k best sound and video qualityREAD MORE,5.0
I am a fan of MI products. When I purchased Redmi note 3 in the year of 2015 Jan through same Flipkart all my friends demotivated me by saying that Chinese products are not that good and the model which I purchased has Battery heating up issues. I am typing this message from same phone and I never had any issues with my selection. So by having a good experience I bought this MI smart TV and experiencing the world of awesomeness. I don't know what to do with my 300 GB of internet allowance eve...READ MORE,5.0
Got the product delivered just in two days of order and it's quite fascinating to see Flipkart is delivering TVs in far corner of rural India and that also in cash on delivery mode. The delivery was wonderful. The guy there was the nicest delivery person I've ever seen. It was quite fascinating to see such good behavior. He checked the TV and guided through the whole process. He unpacked the TV and checked for any hard damage. Flipkart has came a long way for sure. Now let's talk about the p...READ MORE,5.0
Mi tv 32 inch super high quality display super sound super video quality super frindes 👍😘😂👌READ MORE,5.0
I am using the TV for last 10 days...There were many negative reviews about the product which leaded to think twice before purchasing the product. but finally I made the decision to purchase keeping in mind positive reviews and price of the smart tv. I have some answer to them who put negative review to this splendid tv.1st. Yes the panel is LCD Panel but you will get enough side view to watch the tv with correct colour combination. 2nd. Display is awesome... some compained against the pic...READ MORE,4.0
Right... I was looking for a TV which is of 32 inch and my budget was about 15k... I did look at buying Micromax or for Samsung... I did some research and found that the mi TV is a better one... I did look at thousands of reviews and saw people giving it as average for the picture quality and also for connectivity...my opinion is guys go for this without even thinking about the negative reviews. I had Panasonic LED which we all know has brilliant screen output but I am quite impressed wit...READ MORE,5.0
ok it's only have been a day for me and all I can say is I am amazed by how good the TV has been till now.. The sound and display both are amazing.. I have already sideloaded YouTube And Jio TV.. They work fine for me.. Also for some reason after using the TV for some hours I found hotstar got installed too.. Now moving to the cons.. The it cable with my situation set box is not working.. It always says it cable not connected and one more thing the SD channels looks pretty bad on the TV.. On...READ MORE,5.0
"Delivery of flipkart: amazing and very carefully they had delivered to me.quality: just amazing and cool with the performance of MI ,it is worthable for that price.sound: sound is pretty much enough and there is no problem if any one not satisfied with sound,you could go for speakers or home theatre.clarity: for the amount which I've paid it is great to be having such a clarity and almost it is competing with SONY BRAVIA.smart features: evry thing is fine regarding smart tv and it is havi...READ MORE",5.0
"Too much good.  excellent picture, nice & clear sound. play without hd set top box, go for it.  installation is decent.READ MORE",5.0
"Tv is good nice outlook.Comming to dispaly HD vedios are good non HD get bulged. Use HDMI cables from DTH box it will increase display quality.Sound its not upto mark.... if u increase the volume to75% not able to hear properly we have to use extra speakers this may help Pachwall is good, Play store is not available so have to sideload apps looking for update from MI for play store.READ MORE",4.0
"Tv is ok.clarity wise little bit dull and price was it's double okDon't compare this TV with other brands like Sony, Samsung..within the price satisfied.Go with HD dish. you will have nice quality.HD channels wise double ok and satisfiedover all it's good.. Go for itREAD MORE",4.0
ONE OF THE EXCELLENT TV FROM MI. FORTUNATELY I COULD ABLE TO COMPLETE MY ONLINE BOOKING WITH PAYMENT IN JUST 45 SECONDS. THANKS TO FLIPKART FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL PRODUCT. THE ONLY SMALL DRAWBACK OF THE TV IS ITS STAND WHICH IS VERY DELICATE. SO I DECIDED TO GO FOR WALL MOUNTING FOR A SAFETY AND PRECAUTIONARY MEASURE.READ MORE,5.0
"Using from 2 months and Writing a Genuine Review of this product Awesome Video Quality, 20w Sound like Theatre and the 43 inch Size, I'm being a Fan of Mi TV also bought h 55 inch MiTV 4 Pro thinnest TV, Added 1 picture of 4 ProREAD MORE",5.0
Value for Money is best aspect of this TV. Patchwall is good. UI is easy to navigate. Almost all video formats works on this tv with exceptions like 3gp( i don't think anyone will use these formats these days) HD channels are superb on this tv. SD channels look ok if viewed from certain distance. Sound output is avg and home theater system is recommended. You will need to buy a AUX to RCA cable to connect to the system.Overall I was totally satisfied with the product.Quality and life o...READ MORE,4.0
"The 43-inch 📺"" Mi LED Smart TV "" 📺is quite interesting for the price, it offers Full HD resolution along with smart features. The panel size is also quite versatile, as it can suite most small to medium sized rooms. So today, I thought it would be a good idea to look at some other smart TVs that offer a 43-inch panel and see the difference you get in terms of price as well as features. ⛔ Specs Xiaomi Mi LED Smart TV 4A💙Price Rs -22,999💙Panel size- 43-inch💙Resolution- 1920 x 1080💙A...READ MORE",5.0
Amazing good quality best smart LED TV mi 4A 43 inchREAD MORE,5.0
Mi tv 4a 32 inch is the best and most affordable smart tv..... no other brands can profide this specification under ₹15000/..... so much slim and lightweight.... portability is also good enough to carry it easily... but delivery is limited to some particular area.... especially in bihar.. this tv is deliverable in patna only... flipkart should take some initiative regarding thisREAD MORE,5.0
"It's simply awesome!!!There are only three cons which doesn't matter for a TV at this price:i)The sound quality is not greatii)The display is not upto the mark (FHD)iii)The TV is not compatible with some appsOtherwise this is an exceptional TV at this price range. If you are thinking whether to go for it or not, just stop thinking and get going. This TV is sure better than the ones at this price range including cheap brands.Don't worry about the quality, It's super awesome except for a...READ MORE",5.0
Mi TV 4A 43 inch is a best TV in 2000 to 25000 rupees price bracket In India it's GST around 5000 rupees its original cost is 17 thousand rupees but it's software lag  pretty much and softer Hanks software flashing but now I factory reset it's ok fine it's a best TV in 23000 rupees price bracketREAD MORE,4.0
It's one of the best at this price range. First got  one with broken LED panel. Flipkart promptly replaced the same. Good picture clarity and sound is sufficient for a big hall. Completely satisfied with the purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
"After sudden breakdown of my favourite 15 years old BPL CRT tv!! searched for a week to book new tv!! Lot of confusions to conclude.. 32 or 40 or 43 inch?? Full HD only or SMART tv?? Finally shortlisted with Thomson 40 smart tv, iFFalcon 40 smart tv and Mi 4A 43 smart tv!!In last minute gone with Mi 4A 43 smart tv by considering it’s user review score (4.4) and brand name!!I feel it’s perfect choice in this price range. Received the tv on 14th Jul-18 after 2 days (booked on 12th)!! Inst...READ MORE",5.0
"Flipkart delivery was Excellent Right on time , but JEEVES their Service is the Worst. As per them they Scheduled my Appointment on 23 Aug . So I waited whole day , called the Technician Guy to ask about the time But he kept on saying that He will call me Before the Visit and Suddenly a text came that they Have Rescheduled my Appointment on next day ... Wow!! Great without any prior notice they changed my Appointment that too without any Conversation.I think we will have to Rethink before b...READ MORE",1.0
MI LED TV was just awesome i was using it from last 3 days and i cheaked all the features ..Sound quality was very goodpicture quality also good with HD Tata sky set top boxi facing little issue with miracat it was not working smoothly from 7 to 8 feet otherwise no connecting issusePatchwall was working finei was purchased IR Cable some time it show all the channel but some time it was only show 2-3 channels in every section that's not easy to find your fevorite channel you need to use 2...READ MORE,5.0
Product is goodDisplay is good Sound is good Features are goodTotally worth for moneyInstallation was goodCons Remote is not user friendly Note :Don't panic if you cannot change channels using mi remote if you have connected local setup box use set up box remote to change channelsREAD MORE,4.0
"If you are still thinking , I suggest just go for this awesome TV -1.This TV is easily available if your internet speed  is good.There is no need to do any other stuffs.2. Picture quality is awesome.I can rate 5/5 .3.Sound quality  is mind blowing.4.Once you have this TV , you can find patchwall is very easy to operate.Lot of content is available5.This TV is worth for your money.6.Delivery and installation was done on the same day.Most of the people have a question about its quality b...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Smart TV at lowest price .TV clarity and sound effect good.. Totally awesome must buy it.READ MORE,5.0
Been using fr more than 2 weeks:1. No issues with pre installed YouTube(runs awesomely without hang or abrupt closing)...though one might wonder abt the maximum resolution of any video on utube(only 720p 😢 )2. No need whatsoever to connect additional speakers... splendid sound (though no woofer like experience)3. Issues with dark scenes(poor backlight reduction)4. Manually installed apps running without glitches(use like a wide screen laptop to play games nd surf internet effortlessly)5...READ MORE,5.0
"TV was really looks good , but wall mount not available for the with TV box Flipkart delivery within 24 hours excellent. Wall mount Installation is done Engineer Arun he is fixed and shows the demo he is done a excellent job.READ MORE",4.0
"The Mi TV 4A 43"" inch is big enough and has a very good picture and sound quality !!!! The viewing angles are also great . The smart TV interface is also very attractive and easy to remember .The TV remote is very attractive and has a great build quality !!!!!! At last I want to say that this TV is a killer deal and has ""value for money"". Adding Flipkart Warranty Just for 1.5 K is also a good option with this.READ MORE",5.0
"Hi I've purchased this TV two months back. Everything went perfect for me such as delivery,  installation. It has very good picture quality I would recommend to use HD connection for the best experience. It is well in budget and getting all the features Higly Recommended. Happy Mi Customer.READ MORE",5.0
LED is working very well. Picture and sound quality is also very good. Everything is good but there is one problem in this LED  that is if you want to insert or remove a pen drive or HDMI cable so it takes approximately 20-40 seconds so you feel irate. Because port is on the backside of the LED so if you want to hang this LED on the wall then you face this problem like me otherwise no issue with this LED.READ MORE,4.0
"cons,Miracast is not much responsive... and it's not completely smart TV. playstore is not thereIR cable is not theresound is 2/51gb ram is not sufficient at this rangebetter they can give an option to increase Ramprosscreen resolution is good only for hd content... not for normal or 4k videosREAD MORE",1.0
"If you ask me frankly I did not like this product at all, it may be they have delivered me defected piece or got the product with same quality.Here is my opinion and feedback for each feature ::1. Picture quality :: really worst, I have never seen a television with this bad quality of picture.2. Sound:: its okay okay, not at all like branded TV.3. Build quality :  nice4. MI service :: very bad if you are buying in small city.5. Operating system:: okay , you can not compete with an...READ MORE",1.0
TV is good but after complaining several times that I did not get the demonstration from the Engineer at the time of installation my issue is not resolved yet this is the only reason I have not given five star but TV is very good sound is very good picture quality is very good I am totally satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
"no warranty card available and screws are not correct size for table top.. not 108cm .. it's 97cm screen size.. on screen it is mentioned instead of LED , LCD.. I dunno why...? sound is good.. video quality is good.. no play store.. mirror casting with Moto phone not possible...READ MORE",2.0
It's an awesome TV.. I didn't expect this much quality product in this cheap price.. It's very good and valued for money.. HD channels works good.. The sound quality is awesome.. The patchwell offers a huge collection of videos and movies which you want to see.. I recommend this product to those looking for a good LED TV for a reasonable price.. The delivery is quick and on time.. It took two days for the installment of TV. But the service engineer of Jeeves presented a fine brief about the ...READ MORE,5.0
"the TV is just awesome to say.some of the guys said that the tv is LCD and they cheated me by selling the TV as led, yes it is LCD TV with led backlight and all other led TV by other brands also the same as like.they never say their TV as LCD and selling them as led, mi only shows what is exactly used in their  TV panel rather than other brands. there are two types of led TV panels one is direct backlight and other one is edge backlight.edge type is used in slimmest TV such as mi TV 4 and di...READ MORE",5.0
Superb performance and awesome picture and sound quality I like Mi TV and thank to flipkart for provide best service 👍READ MORE,5.0
"This TV is undoubtedly one of the finest products in the market... ~ Excellent picture quality (brings out the best of Full HD)~ Lots of surprising smart features in this Android Smart TV~ Powerful sound (some says it isn't good if wall-mounted, but I have got it wall-mounted, and it's awesome, trust me!)~ Super intuitive User Interface (Patchwall OS)~ Great content on offer~ Pretty decent build quality, considering the price point~ Immersive experienceI would say I am more than sat...READ MORE",5.0
"Great product and it has fulfilled all the requirements of the smart LED TV. Lack of sufficient support from the installation staff on the features of this TV is a major disappointment. Mostly i have mastered the features of this TV through online support. Also, the cost of Rs 500  given as installation fee is too much and the buyers have to add up this price with the total cost paid.READ MORE",4.0
"After going through all the reviews and pros and cons and hours of consideration i finally decided to purchase the TV but getting a hand on this product is very challenging it took me 2 weeks to place order for this MI LED TV 4A.The TV is excellent  viewing angles , color quality , color reproduction everything is great (as opposed to what is mentioned in some of the reviews).To get the most out of the TV kindly use a HD connection even though non HD content also plays seamlessly and Pixel...READ MORE",5.0
"Writing review after 2 months of purchase. I upgraded from an old Sony Trinitron, was also in much doubt as to whether I am taking the right decision or not. Went to local stores checked out branded Tv's, read countless reviews an MI Tv and saw you tube videos countless times and then decided, that my basic purposes get fullfilled a full hd smart tv with you tube and so much content. Seriously how many of us watch so much Tv the entire day. Sound is loud and clear, sometimes I get a few effec...READ MORE",5.0
"Wonderful Smart LED TV, High Quality HD Picture, Excellent Sound Quality , MI Very Nice Quality Smart TV, I am Very happy.READ MORE",5.0
I was able to side-load quite a lot of useful apps.1. Jio TV works flawless2.  Hotstar works great3. Terrarium 4. Do not use default YouTube. Side load YouTube for Android TV5. Browser can be used using a mouse attached.READ MORE,5.0
Thanks for the timely delivery. The product was good as expected. Good for the price range which has also a smart tv. go for it. Enjoy. A budget tv that is worth for the penny.READ MORE,4.0
"Goodjob flipkart for safe and fast delivery...Received the tv, so far so good.... great job Mi...sound is osum...display is great as well...awww look at the price guys!!!! Best in this range and afterall its smart tv.. what can be more merrier...All i wish is long life of tv... tested all features,wireless sharing is pretty decent... totally loved the product and will see rest over the days... go for it at this price range, kudos!!!!!!!! And good luck xiaomi,on bringing new techs for us in th...READ MORE",5.0
"Installation and demo for the TV was good and on time as per my schedule, but I am facing speaker and screen quality issue. Speaker is not perfectly balanced left side speaker has more volume compare to right side speaker and this hurts. About the screen quality MI says it is Full HD but I don't agree, my CRT had good screen quality. Screen quality it is white and grey and color are not perfect black is not that deep.READ MORE",1.0
"hot star is not being installed......I don't know why....Better if it's 4k.....I don't like it's remote as it has no digit bcoz when you pair set top box with it, all channel to be operated by its remote and it's too difficult to switch channels....A qwerty key board for better search and digit is all I want.....READ MORE",3.0
"I have received an LCD TV instead of LET TV which itself is written on TV screen. Its simply cheating the customer . When I asked for refund flipkart itself is saying it cannot be done. They only refund when product is damaged ,even the exchange is not possible.flipkart should stop promoting this product as LED TV as it is LCD screen. Customer care executive is simply saying something inside the TV is LED which makes LCD TV as LED TVREAD MORE",1.0
product is excellent....mindblowing but jeeves installation is very very very bad....its better that one should call any carpenter to drill 4 holes in wall and do wall mounting by self but if you call jeeves they will behave like they are doing favour for as if they come for installation and demo.....no need for demonstration.....everyone is smart enough to understand all features.....I rated 1 star because at the end of the day due to jeeves I was upset...but tv is 5*READ MORE,1.0
Flipkart delivery is very delay but installation is very quick if you used HD setup box the TV picture quality is very super but you are using normal cable TV the picture quality is very low overall value for your money connecting devices is very quick to access sound quality is to be improved inbuilt software not a good if you need it Play Store go to another TV overall money suggestion is if you needed low cost good TV go to purchase this t vREAD MORE,4.0
THIS is my first big buy from online. i'm satisfied with this product completely all features working very good. sound and picture quality is excellent. but i'm facing only one problem when iam connected my mobile wifi to system to use internet screen is blinking several times. thats it and no proper inbuilt apps install via usb available... finally my opinion is best buy in this price range. And also u can play 2k videos in mx player...READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome delivery and installation service from Flipkart. Delivery was done on scheduled date and installation was also completed on the same day.MI TV 4A produces good quality picture. Color saturation, contrast ratio is as good as Samsung/LG IPS LCD panel. The sound output is okay, not bad,  however I expect better  sound as it has 20W speaker.  The PatchWall interface is good. However having Google play store would have been better. As this is android, you can sideload other app store lik...READ MORE",5.0
Its better one smart tv ever.. All are good.. Pictures quality. And sound is also.. .... But installation or demo service is poor or late... Otherwise all flipkart is better place for online shopping experience.. Thank you...READ MORE,5.0
"Git it for 21, 250 with sbi card offer.. Value for money.. Sound is also good bt i would advise not using the tv speakers too much.. Picture clarity is superb.. The only thing small drawback is with the miracast... Thers  a small lag while connecting to my honor 9n... Also play store is not available so you might wanna download apk files to a usb drive and plug in and install... Overall a really good product... Worth every bit at 23kREAD MORE",5.0
"I have ordered mi TV 43"" with in two days it has been delivered in a good condition,  Note: it's not a full led display it is a LCD panel and LED backlit it's mentioned in box it self,  on this range it's a good TV, picture clarity is perfect and sounds goodREAD MORE",4.0
"Mindblowing Product... Worst service by Flipkart. Customer support is a nightmare. Support would be useful only if u dont have patience to read a product page. They would just share a link of ur product searched and THATS ALL they know. I asked them who will be doing the post sale service, would it be Flipkart or MI ...They asked me to contact the brand or a week to answer the question. So funny irritating dumbs. Dont think its with just one support guy...All are like that. Just check it for ...READ MORE",5.0
"This TV is actually Best Deal for The Price.But There are 3 cons,First 2 of them You will find on any other TV too at this Price Range.They are:1)NO Bluetooth:I cannot connect BLUETOOTH Earphones & Watch my favourite TV series without disturbing others.Though You can buy BLUETOOTH Transmitter & Get This con fixed But Expensive affair.2)Sound Quality: Sound Quality is OK If You are watching Set TOP Box content or Play Some Music Video Online. BUT BUT BUT, If You want to watch Movies or On...READ MORE",4.0
• #TerriFic Purchase - MinD BloWing Piece for this Cost..!!*•# Picture Quality is GuD - SounD is AweSome(LouD)..!!*•# Have Few Issues with InstalleD Apps which can Be IGnoreD..!!*•# Connectivity Ports Are GuD anD Easy to rEacH whEn Wall-MounteD..!!*•# Tv Offers A Very GooD n Rich  LooK - Looks Best for the Hall..!!*•# Delivery and Installation is Very Quick anD AweSome..!!*•# SuRely a Must Buy ProDuct at This Cost - Nothing Less than Sony or Samsung and other top BranDs..!!*• MI...READ MORE,4.0
"I am ordered Mi LED SMART TV 4A  (43""inch) through flash sale in flipkart on 24th april. It doesn't delivered 28th april and today (30th april) received the package after my complaint.. Thanks for your support flipkart,.. TV looks awsome... THANKS MI and THANKS FLIPKARTREAD MORE",4.0
"Delivery - great and on time by Flipkart quality - No doubt 5 star coz of its picture quality and clarity within this price.Don't compare it with any ther brand and just go for it, might be difficult to order but worth wait and buy this than going for high end TV's like Sony and Samsung ( commenting based on my personal experience )check out the pictures !!Goodluck for your descision !READ MORE",5.0
"Nice product! Worth for money!. As part of Patchwall OS, need the update to auto install Youtube and couldnt play Hot star videos even via Mobile casting.READ MORE",4.0
"things to be remembered before buying this tv.    1) lcd panel instead of led as company tell to its costomers 2) mirror cast not so smooth 3) if remote is lost no alternate is given in tv 4) if you often gets transfer from one place to another i do not recommed tis because its body is made of low quality fibre as chinese quality expected 5) mi tv remote app does not works in all mobile,6) no app store like googke play etc I personally feel that go for pure led in 4k hd in some higher range t...READ MORE",1.0
"It's no where Smart TV!!! just whatever pre installed app and online content is there that all it has. No app store nothing, even Netflix is not there only YouTube which doesn't work properly and hotstart. If you are looking for a smart TV, this not the one.READ MORE",1.0
Big tv in affordable price range... It can b viewed from 178 degree angle... Good sound and nice quality display... But flipkart took 11 days to deliver the product... And good service demo and installation from jeeves services...READ MORE,4.0
"finally waiting is over, it's a excellent product nice sound quality, graphics, user interface, content feature are too good I recommend to buy this product is value for money. it's. my 5 th product from mi I am using bt speaker and mobile but this product is awesome..I give it to 5*rating..thanks mi.READ MORE",5.0
"Please don’t make fool of people by saying it a smart TV when we can’t even play our favourite app like Netflix and amazon prime. Some how I did manage to play Netflix but for that you need a wireless mouse, but you can’t play prime videos buy any method. Next thing is that if you have an iPhone then never go for it as you can’t mirror your iPhone screen to mi tv. There is some app which can help you mirror the screen but they are all paid( can’t even buy it as they need google play store w...READ MORE",1.0
Not a good Internet TV... Didn't get Android update yet.. They promised it will be auto updated in 2019 but nothing yet. YouTube doesn't work well with their remote. Specially going back. I had to buy a wireless mouse to operate youtube. Netflix and prime doesn't work. Too many complications to install them or any app for that matter. Better look for other Internet tvs. Its good to watch on statllite channels.READ MORE,2.0
"compare to BPl vivid LED TV, MI TV picture quality is very low. only advantage is MI is smart TV. but worth for 12500rs...but I am not satisfied with MI TV..READ MORE",3.0
"LED TV is good but not the best, i bought this in 12,599/- by online payment offer but today i was shoked when i saw price was cut off, now the price is 12,499/-😢Overall in this price segment its very good choice.READ MORE",4.0
"Received Shipment after 2Days of order; Next day Person came for installation, In short Flipkart delivered and installed as agreedWriting Review after 1Month of use and below are my observations1) It has option to update PatchWall and Android Version as and when available2) Screen Cast works perfectly with my MI Phone and iBall Tab as well, let me know if any one is facing issues ;)3) Any App can be installed through USB; After installing Apptoide, any app from Apptoide can also be insta...READ MORE",3.0
thank you Flipkart very nice product thank you MI products smart TV very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product from MI. Bought this during sale on flipkart for 19800 (inclusive offer on debit card). The delivery date was fixed 8 days from order and installation the next day of delivery. Both were executed on the promised dates. No issues. Installation by jeeves was excellent without any delay. Coming to the mi tv 4a 43 inch, it is a marvellous product at best price. No compromise on quality for cutting the cost. Picture quality is awesome. I am using a sd videocon setup box only but ...READ MORE",5.0
"Few days back, I bought this TV(43” mi) and have been using the same. There is no wow factor in this tv,, I thought there would be some after seeing so much reviews and comments, here as well as at YouTube. If you can afford Sony/LG/Samsung... don’t even think of saving money and take this. M not saying it’s bad product but it can’t compete with old brands quality.Picture Quality:-I had Micromax 32” HD ready.. the HD channel quality was better in that or i don’t see anything better in it. I...READ MORE",3.0
"awesome service of Flipkart team & jevees technician .excellent performance Mi 4 smart TV sound, picture , connectivity ; 5 out of 5love u 2 me much Mi India thanks a lot of entire team of Flipkartexcellent smart TV 4 a in only 12.2 k bumper discounts 1800 rs with No Cost EMI Diwali offerREAD MORE",5.0
A smart TV start with smart person....  real super 🌟 star uppendra.....  excellent TV under 15k..  I'm happy with this product..  thanks Flipcart team and installation team....READ MORE,5.0
"WORTH EVERY PENNYDon't expect SONY TV Quality. Able to side load Hotstar, YouTube, Netflix, Jio TV, Jio cinimas, Aptoide TV App Store. Amazon prime and HOOQ doesn't work.Looks like Screen mirroring works only with MI phones. Was not able to cast my Pixel XL phone. MI remote comes handy for typing.Major Con is missing play store and voice search option.READ MORE",5.0
"Very good tv at this price range . Got it for 12600/- 😊 Pros - Light weight , Good display , Great sound quality Cons - No bluetooth connectivity for headphones , No appstore availableREAD MORE",5.0
"Pros:Good Sound quality (9/10)Easy access to ports (9/10)easy connectivity to phone & internet (8/10)Good Built Quality, design & look at this price (8/10)Cons:Poor picture quality and very poor color saturation (5/10)OS (Patch wall) is very complex (7/10)No app store to download genuine apps (4/10)No pre-install apps like netflix, youtube, etc. (4/10)Remote is no good for smart TV (although the shape and size is purfect)You have to keep a wireless mouse to properly operate the sm...READ MORE",3.0
"I bought it for 12999 with rs1000 discount as 10% on HDFC card.  so, if your budget is below Rs15000, and still you want very diligent outstanding Smart TV worth more than that like 20k smart TV, value for every penny you spent...on Mi TV.go ahead and buy, I'm a techy guy recommending you.READ MORE",5.0
"i hv purchased 43 inch mi tv and its a value for money. Picture quality is avg considering d price and not excellent. sound quality is best at its price n clearity in sound is also excellent.connectivity provided are also best and smoothly working. however additionally i would like to suggest to buy stabilizer along wid this Tv and extend 2 year warranty on it. its electronic equipment so Atleast we can safeguard for 3 years. installation done fastly. i order on Friday, recived delivery on Sa...READ MORE",5.0
5 stars for tv best in class with very good features.  0 stars for services provided by flipkart.Gati is the worst courier partner and installation by jeeves my installation delayed because they do not have wall mount bracket from 20 days then I purchased a after market wall bracket to get it install earlyBecause im fed up with Ordered my tv on 12 june in a flash sale. Got it on 28 jun no updates from courier partner. No out for delivery status nothhing provided please change gati. Ekar...READ MORE,2.0
great television  i loved the sound of the tv its great in this price range i would suggest to buy it .READ MORE,4.0
great tv in this range . worth every penny . if you are looking for Android smart tv in this range I'd definitely recommend it. haven't tested everything yet but basic functions are working good . like screen mirroring and internet through wifi and apps . will update the revised review after some days . ask me questions if you have anything regarding this product . nice service by Flipkart never doubted it..READ MORE,4.0
Please don't buy this product. Picture quality is very low. It's not LED TV. It's a LCD display. Also we need to select HDMI port to enter into our set top box. Every time you power on you need to on through remote or direct button press. What I am trying to say is if you switch off the TV screen while running it will off. When you on again it will directly on and goes to set-top box and display the channel. But here even if you off the screen while screen running and next time you on the TV ...READ MORE,4.0
The amazing smart tv in budget rate. wooomp!!!!!  This tv is excellent. I loved this tv. Only thing is that i had to wait for 5 days thats a too much time for a delivery of any tv.READ MORE,5.0
"TV is very good, best you can get at this price.Flipkart service is poor. Specially the extended warranty they are selling by false marketing claiming it to be 2 years extended.Before purchasing i contacted flipkart 2 times to get details of extended warranty and to clear my doubts. As it is mentioned in the product details they gave me same information that it will extend warranty by two years. As per their words total warranty including Manufacturer warranty will be 3 years on product (1...READ MORE",3.0
color is not suitable . not good to buy. better but any local TV then mi.READ MORE,2.0
"At 14k price it is good tv but not very good, I am writing this review after using 1 month this tv.STRENGTHS--low price-Smart tv-Good sound quality-light weight-Pre loaded contents providers-wifi- Miracasting-2 USB, 3HDMI portsCONCERNS--Picture quality average, Some colours looks different.-play store not available-Inbuilt Youtube app is not very good.-without playstore difficult to install reqired apss -Manual buttons are not provided in the tv-Without MI tv remote we can't o...READ MORE",4.0
"Best you get for what you paid. Took about 1 week for delivery from flipkart. But installation was done Jeeves the very next day and it was really good. Picture clarity is not that good when sit too close to the TV. But, when sit 10ft. away from to watch it ,then you can see the brilliance of the display. Aswesome bright displays. But, black levels are not that good. You won't see the real black instead you see faded like black. Miracast works so fine also most of the video formats are suppor...READ MORE",4.0
Fast on delivery I like very much mi TV awesome clarity good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"wow amazing this tv vary slim and nice  at this price this tv best picture quality is good , sound quality also good . one thing i say this tv is best at this range of price look is perfect.READ MORE",5.0
"All is good so far, TV delivered on time, 43 inches makes my living room perfect. I am a little annoyed with  patchwall OS, hopefully I will be use to it soon. Installation and demo is pending and is scheduled for tomorrow, will surely share my feedback once it is done. MAJOR THING I HAVE NOTICED IN THE TV IS - you will feel more yellow mixed color, white is not so clear its kind of yellow but rest is awesome.IR cable isnt working with setup box. Let the demo person check if i am doing it w...READ MORE",4.0
"One-liner - An excellent 43"" TV to own at 23K!Delivered the very next day to Chennai and installed on same day by Jeeves.Small bezels, 3 star power rating and it would not need a stabilizer I suppose.FHD display looks nice and color reproduction is good. Sound quality/loudness is much better than many LED TVs. After a 5-min update, Hotstar is available in the apps list. Hoping to see many more apps. Play store not available in this TV, but many useful apps can be side-loaded easily. I...READ MORE",5.0
A Great Experience and worth purchase!! Best in class & in this price segment and I am Happy with Mi Service also.READ MORE,5.0
"I waiting for a long time to get this tv for a new TV.I always believed that buying a good TV is worth eventhough if it is costlier. so my thought is always on buying Sony or LG TV. But after seeing many reviews from friends and Flipkart reviews. I was decided to buy this. But everyday thinking that how the life time and quality will be after two years. because the reality comes after 2 years. since I am using MI mobiles , by keeping that trust I purchased this tv.thanks Flipkart for safe ...READ MORE",4.0
i love this tv ... very fast delivery from flipkart and quick installation from the team Jeeves? sound quality is very nice and picture quality  super? what y the tv box named product as LCD not as LED?READ MORE,5.0
Product is awsome quality of panel nice .installation is on time . Please use Vlc player that all format support properly. Sound quality is awsome grate price worthable product for this price segment . Compared to Thomson mi TVs are quite good and interface ui looks pretty cool to use the tv i am happy with this tv .mi product are allways ahead. Product quality is awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money. In 23K you can't expect more than this. Got delivery on the next day and installation was quick. We need to pay Rs500 for wall mounting and once  wall mounting is done,it's not easy to plug any hdmi cable or pendrive to tv, So plug all the cables before you mount the TV and buy usb extension for pendrive. I did not get IR cable from the installation guy as it was out of stock and they asked me to buy from MI :( . My Sony HT RT3 is not working properly with HDMI ARC PORT. I am...READ MORE",4.0
"Tv is having very good picture and sound quality provided being connected with HD channel mode. The software need to be upgraded  in future to enable using facebook , netfix etc. The TV has given decent idea about the ideal pricing of LCD TV which has been overpriced by the branded company like Sony, samsung etc  I am preety sure that the branded co will start bringing down their price in coming day.READ MORE",5.0
Tv is a Good Not best viewing angle not good front picture quality price range is the best I am so happyREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice LED TV .,1. For those who have doubt if it is led or lcd, all led TV are lcd backlit led or lcd-sidelit led. Mi LCD backlit LED.2. Sound is awesome.3. Picture quality very good for HD channels(as claimed Full HD). (Ok for SD),4. Youtube working but back button sometimes do not work for this app. Hotstar & Sony Liv working perfectly.5. Wifi working flawlessly also, miracast working(tried with j7 prime).6. discover laptop on network( wifi) and can play videos from laptop. Simply nic...READ MORE",5.0
"Fast delivery and fast installation, easy to understandSound quality is very good, picture quality is also good enough.Only prime is not install-able for now, other all applications are working with install via APKREAD MORE",4.0
awesome tv display was not ips its a+grade panel so much black and so much wihte sound good connectivity good in this price average TVsound 10=7 display 10=4connectivity 10=10smart pathwall goodcolour 10=6READ MORE,3.0
SUPER PRODUCT .. BUY IT BLINDY . VALUE OF MONEY AND ESPECIALLY EKART SUPER FAST DELIVERY I ORDERED ON 23 MARCH AND GOT THE PRODUCT AT 24 MARCH GREAT JOB EKARTREAD MORE,5.0
"Very much worth it when compared to the prices of other brands available in the market. The User Interface is smooth. If you are looking to update your old tv, this is the best choice.READ MORE",5.0
"LCD Panel with LED backlight. But the picture quality is still fine enough. TV Speakers Sound decent too. Can use HDMI output for speakers. Patchwall isn't that impressive. Doesn't have any app or browser. Was very disappointed initially. With an update, it got Hotstar and YouTube apps which is a little relief. Hopeful of much more from further updates. Nonetheless, it is a fine fine deal for 23k, hands down.READ MORE",4.0
"For all those who bought this TV (Mi TV 43 4a) during the Big Billion sale (which advertised that Android update will be available in Jan 2019), got a confirmation from flipkart that the android update will not be available for the older  TV as they had advertised during the sale, it was just #Cheap Marketing by flipkart to just get the older versions sold. I asked for a replacement for which they denied. so i guess it's bye bye to the old Reliable and Accountable Flipkart and welcome to the ...READ MORE",1.0
wow i am very happy flipcart delivery and mi tv is led tv is best or installation demo very fast so happy me thanks  flipcart or mi led tv all the bestREAD MORE,5.0
"Tv is awesome n value for money.... but Flipkart services needs to improve... on top of the box they mentioned ""do not lay flat while shipping"" bt at the time of door delivery they lay flat on vehicle and that delivery persons dealing the Tv very roughly... the outer box has 2 dents one is heavy bt Tv is goodREAD MORE",5.0
"worth for money, really amazing product from mi , polite demo service super fixing it angleREAD MORE",5.0
product delivered could be installed after 3 days after lot of follow ups. after installation there is no connection with setup box. 4-5 hour trial by installation engineering TV could not work and I have requested for replacement. Flipkart again given site visit of technician after 3-4 days and now again extending the date for visit.horrible after 10 days of placement of order TV is laid pack at home. don't know when it will be replaced and can see TV.I will recommend never buy electroni...READ MORE,1.0
"This is a absolute true review of this TV.Build Quality : Very Good. Looks & Feels very Premium. (4/5)Picture Quality : Very Good. But you need to tweak the picture settings & calibrate with proper images. I have done so and will provide the best settings that brings out the best picture quality of this TV.It is not IPS panel. But viewing angle is decent. You will not see degradation of colour , contrast, brightness inside 90 degree angle of view. (3.5/5). Sound  : Decent. Pretty clear...READ MORE",4.0
it was very good tv. all function of  this smart led is very easy to use. wall mount cost extra that is 499 but in this price good quality MI wall mount. and infrared remote reciver price 199 and it was use full assasery.READ MORE,5.0
The Tv is as good as its price. The video clarity is not good at all. The colours are weird and its patchy. Dont buy this tv. Rather put some money more and buy a decent tv atleast you will get a good experience. The great reviews you see are just because of the features you get for such a cheap price.READ MORE,1.0
"Booked my mi tv 4a 43 last week after tried for a month and the tv is excellent. What can I say about Flipkart servicessimply awesome. Delevery very fast and installation by jeeves smooth.About mi tv 4a 43 inchpicture quality - Excellent with hd content but Decent with sd content.sound - Decent. Patchwall - exciting, easy to use.Lots of free content mainly boring content.Just two things missing bluetooth and play store app.Must buy product from flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Best quality of mi tv● best sound ● best quality picture ● best led display ● all r things very spectacular.READ MORE,5.0
Looks great within 2days of usage.  Not sure if 1Gb ram will be sufficient enough after a year or later as the Tv is like a bigger version of smartphone who goes obsolate and slows up with timeREAD MORE,4.0
"Slim and sleek as advertised, connects to home wifi and jiofi easily.In case of online contents (Hungama, Sony Liv) are not streaming in HD even if we select HD as preferred quality. I thought it is reducing quality depending on connection speed, but it is prevailing even with high speed data. Contents are not available in Tamil or any south Indian languages.Sound is clear and louder. Colors are sharp but this is next only to Vu. Vu tv's are master in color.Overall it is best fitting for ...READ MORE",4.0
Day 1 great product by mi... YouTube works perfectly but searching videos is a bit tough task... Great speaker only problem i faced is that IR cable is not working properly with my local siti cable operator?... Other than that everything is good.. Thanxz MI for a wonderful budgeted TvREAD MORE,4.0
"I have 43"" mi tv.Cons- 1. There is no Power On/Off light. (Only red light blinks while On/Off)2. Mi remote with IR cable doesn't work smoothly (I'v SITI Cable set top box). Press  channel Up key one time it's changing two channels same with channel Back key.3. WiFi's range limit is not good.4. Sound, I don't find it very good rather avarage-5. You need HD set top box to enjoy its full potential or else you cannot watch your programmes.READ MORE",3.0
"Got delivery of 43 inch mi tv4A. Average product. Will tell the cons only.1. Longer time to boot. It takes at least 10 seconds once u switch on. 2. No option to select default input. You have to select input AV / HDMI every time u switch on. It is really irritating, because we will use tv mainly for this purpose. Occasionally only we use online content or USB input3. No Bluetooth remote (only available with 55 inch it seems) which means u cant use air mouse features. 4. IR cable accessor...READ MORE",3.0
"Overall features are good. The 20W speakers are pretty good, Patchwall is really impressive and all most all apps runs on this device except some high graphics games but the SD picture quality creates a blurry effect you have to upgrade to HD for better experience...Honest ReviewSound 9/10Picture Quality 7/10Patchwall 10/10Os 9/10Built Quality 8/10All over 8/10Overall this tv is avg good at 14K price...ThanksREAD MORE",3.0
"It's rightly said that you get what you pay.Cons:*It's not a LED panel, but LCD one. Clearly written on the BEE rating.*Display isn't as good as big brands' (viz. Samsung, LG and Sony) LED TVs in terms of color reproduction, brightness, contrast etc. Colors look unnatural even in the HD channels.*Sometimes display flickers, and there is also frame skipping too. Has to be rebooted to fix.*Viewing angles are really poor.*Smart TV is a goofy thing. Nothing much of use. No apps are ins...READ MORE",3.0
"Awesome product from Mi. Worth every penny. Picture quality is good n sound quality is awesome. 1st TV which I received was faulty and the technician said it had some software issue. But, service from flipkart and jeeves was exceptionally good. Didn't hv any hassle in getting a replacement. A big thumbs up to Mi and flipkart for bringing such a good product to india.READ MORE",5.0
"Just in simple words this is ""Biggest cheating "" by xiaomi to indian consumers.The most Biggest cheating: This TV has HD panel not a full HD panel as Xiaomi claims. Anybody can find out this very easily through install app like CPU-Z or Droid info.This TV has a B grade panel instead a+ or a grade but Xiaomi claims there is no quality compromise  LOLThe pachwall OS lookwise a great OS but there are so much restrictions, so anybody can't use this as a android TV (90% side loaded apps & games...READ MORE",2.0
"Pre-Req before buying this TV> Ensure your living room is medium to big size, with atleast having 6-8 feet sitting distance from TV> Ensure you have a HD setup box, with your favorite HD channels in your custom pack> Wall Point is always preffered against TV mount> if you need more additional features apart from just TV experienceComparison with Other Brands, what this TV offers better, > Price : 4-5k less for same screen size compared to other brands> Smart Features : its basically...READ MORE",4.0
I knew that it will be an amazing experience..you will not get a better deal than this at 23 k.i was thinking that the user interface will be typical but believe me its not and its very easy and simple. some people were complaining about sound.i dont know why..the sound is awesome.Mirror casting is very very nice. Dont look for other brands.Without hesitation just buy this tv.READ MORE,5.0
"One of the best Led TV in market, refresh rate is great, but Bluetooth should be there, Thanks MI, I started Android with redmi 1s in 2014, that working today with best quality, mi change mobile market, it's time for led TV. Service will be the Game changer.READ MORE",5.0
Picture quality sucksBlacks are not good Watching full hd movies feels like watching hallprint movie captured from mobile cam (white pixelated on black area  which ruins the whole movie)Tv restarting automaticallyUnable to play 4k videoNo playsstore Apps are crashing (needs google play services)Panel is not good (3rd party apps showing 720p display)Movies are not good But animation movies are just amazing its crisp sharp and good colour reproductionNot a good dealDisappointedREAD MORE,2.0
"It is value for money. Good picture quality and sound quality is excellent. But I saw on the tv top right corner , they said it is an LCD Tv. Im still confused is it LCD tv or LED tv?  See images attached for details.READ MORE",5.0
awesome product nd full valueable for expected money  gud connectivity nd good sound qaulity nd vry gud picture quality nd in this range 23k is vary perfect product i am vry satisfied with the facility of flipkart nd quality of product mi 43 inc led  thank youREAD MORE,5.0
"For those who are looking for a short review:                           Overall, it's great value for money.                                          Here's the detailed review:                                                         - Good build quality for the price? Check                                I don't know why many people complain about the display of the TV but I felt the display of this TV excellent for the price                                                               - So...READ MORE",4.0
"Good tv with decent sound output. Got to watch HD channels only. Non HD channels, picture clairty is very average. Sufficient for a medium sized hallREAD MORE",5.0
"Patch wall works fine.UI is easy to use and understand.Screen mirroring is good, however it does not support some jio apps and lag a bit when you play youtube through screen mirroring which i believe would be sorted out in the upcoming updates.A value for money TV with Great picture quality with Bright colours and utility.Go for it.READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent TV with really smart features like youtube, hotstar, screen casting decent clearity for price worth it. Only disavantage is that the voice is not clear to understand.READ MORE",4.0
Specially thanks for Flipkart MI LED superb quality awesome features amazing picture quality inbuilt many function apps many More Worth Buying.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent Product at low Price - Very good clarity and sound is clear...Thanks to MIBetter than all Branded Products like Sony/LG/Samsung.READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent Tv in this price range. Running excellent fast and smoothly without any lag. Best things is This is a smart Tv and YouTube, Jio Tv, Jio Cinema, Chrome, LiveNetTv is worked superbly. Everyone should buy this this Tv if his budget is uder Rs. 20k.READ MORE",5.0
"👌👌👌 this is one of the awesome product as per the price point of view this is my first flat screen TV that too a 43inch. I felt the remote features, absence of app store to download MI TV compatible apps and dolby sound are some of the draw backs but never the less at this price I hav received the best TV and hope this TV would stay at least for 5years without any issues.READ MORE",4.0
"awesome TV👌👌great picture, great clearity..sound not dts but loud..but ir blaster cable not works with Videocon d2h HD set top box..need help so I will enjoy the all function of tv..READ MORE",5.0
"Got the TV delivered and installed as expected. No high drama there.Few frank opnions on the TV itself:a. Speaker sound clarity is very good for a ""TV speaker"".b. HD picture quality is good but many channels i watched had lot of whiteness which washed away color depth.c. While patchwall is talked so much, i felt patchwall makes life complicated since ull have to search for ur program and a scroll search doesnt help much. The otherthing is that most of the content are to be subscribed, so ...READ MORE",3.0
"Mi TV is superb and hotstar n YouTube update received immediately during the demo and the viewing angles are pretty good for the price and patchwall OS has a good interface, there is also a option to sideload the apps and overall it's a steal deal and amazing packing n quick delivery by flipkart. Installation is handled well by Jeeves.P.S. Wall mount and IR Cable can be purchased from Jeeves representative.READ MORE",5.0
1. Worth for Money2. Cable connection is not required since it is a smart TV3. picture clarity is amazing 4. found no bugs since we bought(March -2019)READ MORE,4.0
"I purchased the TV hoping that the OS will improve and they will give an option to install other Android TV apps but I was wrong. The apps like YouTube that came with the TV have stopped working so I tried to install the YouTube TV manually by searching from the internet but the app does not work as expected.To be honest, now I think all the 4A users were just guinea pigs for them. We purchased it by paying more price compared to Pro ones which got Android TV. Time to say goodbye to Mi brand.READ MORE",1.0
"What you pay is what you get. There are few options in budget Smart TVs and that's where you choose MI TV. The TV is basic with decent picture quality, albeit a little lacking in color. The sound is fine and audible. I don't think it was ever created to compete with bigger brands. I knew what I was paying for so have no complaints for these shortcomings. The only challenge worth complaining is about the startup time. It takes 2-3 minutes everytime you turn on the TV, even when you start from ...READ MORE",1.0
If you are planning to buy this tv just because u want smart TV then it's useless. Most of the apps are not compatible with this TV. Only hotstar works properly. It doesn't even have inbuilt app store. There are some third party app store which u can install but those are not friendly to use. I bought this TV just because I wanted smart TV at cheaper price. but it' doesn't worth it. Go for normal led tv and buy fire stick.READ MORE,3.0
so happy to buy this and it's a good deal. only improvement they can make is add Bluetooth connectivity which other competitors have provided for the same or similar price range.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent Television and awesome picture quality with A++ sound and connectivity just need inbuilt apps development Android Apk softwares didn't worked properly when I installed through usb pendrive so plz do something about thatguys u need to connect your WiFi lan connection wire if you want proper connectionREAD MORE,5.0
Good product for this price range u can not compare it with sony...samsung picture quality but yes u can enjoy the same by using HD SET Top box on this panel.READ MORE,4.0
tv is good but i purchased it because Flipkart says that it will update in Google play store in 2019. but there is no update still.without Google I faced so many problem like my apps not run without login. like gaana appsony love app and many other will not work without login... flipkart is layerREAD MORE,5.0
"Sorry but i can't review the product as it is still in the box , as i am following to get it installed for last one week. I have Purchased MI LED TV from Flipkart, as i thought it is prompt in installation service and Shipment of products. After ordering MI Led TV on 18th Feb 2019. It was promised to be delivered on Wednesday 20th , The delivery was delayed by one day and was received on Thursday 21st Feb . We were told that Installation will be done on Friday 22nd Feb and we are still waiti...READ MORE",1.0
"its a very good product as mentioned on  Flipkart,.good picture and sound  good connectivity, easy functioning, overall its worth buying. Price is very reasonable.we gets lots of features in reasonable prives. initially i was in doubt about MI, but after using i can say its good.READ MORE",5.0
"if u go by brand name Mi you will be disappointed, don't expect this TV will be like their phones . colors are not natural. SD channels are bad even with airtel HD stb. I purchased in October  2018 and reviewing after 3 months of usage. earlier i was using LG 32 inch LCD TV for the past 10 years which was far better in picture and audio quality than MI. YouTube and screen mirroring works with out any issues so 2 stars. have seen VU TV and it has good picture quality. so not recommending this ...READ MORE",2.0
LED is good as usual.. but highly disappointed with the exchange service as my LED fulfill all the terms & condition of exchange policy but at the time of delivery they denied & ask us to cancel the order else pay extra amount. I think exchange policy is just to make fools... Poor & don't trust on this offer.Also there support team during installation forced to install stabilizer (1650/-) otherwise they said LED will not work any longer.READ MORE,3.0
fantastic TV money for value and f c fast delivery super good work thankuREAD MORE,5.0
picture clarity is very very poor when compared with other brand tvs... should be improve display panel quality... if u connect hd settopbox picture quality is just ok... not so good. if anyone want to buy this.. pls see the tv directly.. and then buy... basically i am very very much fan of mi products... but iam not satisfied in tv segment.READ MORE,3.0
The mi 4A TV is indeed value for the money television. For its price it has numerous features which will amaze the consumer. But if you want Android apps then go for the PRO version because it has additional features and the shocking thing is that it is available at the same price. I was not able to search in depth before. But now I found out that there's a pro version at the same price. So kindly don't make the same mistake as I did. Hehehe. Go for the android version and enjoy the amazing f...READ MORE,5.0
much better than sony and other tv like colour and feature and specially sound quality uffff nice very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nizamabad vinayak nagar delivery service is very good excellence service they are respectfully service thank  you so muchREAD MORE,5.0
"Best budget TV under 20+ thousand..TV build quality is good, sound is good, but Picture quality is average.Pros :1. TV build quality is good2. Sound quality is also good3. Nice Remote4. Patchwall is something new on top of android, which is okay 5. USB or HDD usage is fastCons: 1. I can't compromise on Picture Quality guys, If you play 1080 pixel then only you will be satisfied...else the quality will be waste.2. No way that you can compare this tv with Samsung, LG and Sony...etc....READ MORE",3.0
picture quality is very poor. Until I adjusted contrast to 35 I can't able to see the faces. If the picture quality got improved it's really awesome product in that price range. And sound is not so niceREAD MORE,3.0
it's a very good TV for the price I paid in the offer for about 22-23k. the only drawback I have noticed is that the TV comes with patchwall OS which is built on Android - which I had thought would allow me access to google play store to download official apps for TV etc.. but that is not the case you have to use Aptoid to download apps which isn't that great. but that's also fine if all the apps downloaded worked. only a few apps work without mouse usage. Prime video obviously does not work ...READ MORE,4.0
Good Value for Money...sound quality I like the best... Picture quality felt little let down.. Colour seems to be over exposed some times....But you can't expect much at this price point. But if you are on a tight budget than this is a great buy...READ MORE,4.0
"Hi Friends,The original manufacturer (Mi) is already providing 1+1 year warranty. Additionally i purchased 2 years Extended Warranty (EW) from Jeeves for Rs. 1499/- As per the ""Flipkart Extended Warranty T&C"" , it states on point :F. Terms of coverage111,The EW is applicable for a period of 12 months (1 year EW) or for a period of 24 months (2 year EW) FROM THE DATE OF EXPIRY OF THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY.......(which means i'm supposed to receive Original Warranty 2 Years + 2 Years Ex...READ MORE",1.0
"Well firstly, the delivery guy didn't delivered it to my home, my brother has to go out nd collect it from him.Secondly, initially was facing little bit screen flickering issue so asked for replacement, it said engineer will come nd have a look. The engineer who came was very rude nd was not willing to explain nor take any action.Installation was awesome, the installation guy came on the same day.As my issue was solved later on, coming to the review -Xiaomi has not yet rolled out Android ...READ MORE",3.0
MI has really changed the world of Smart TV'S after launching Smart TV'S in a very affordable price always a beginner for any good productREAD MORE,5.0
"All smart tv functions work very well. effortlessly connects to wifi and wifi direct to connect phone to mirror screen.  Value for money product though do not expect Sony or Samsung like quality . Still for 20,000 what else you would ask. Immense value for money.Prompt installation by Flipkart Jeevs service.READ MORE",5.0
Everything is similar to the reviews given before I bought this product and to be frank all the positive reviews can be placed exactly. But I don't feel like the pitcure quality is too good it's just okie in my view and the full HD doesn't meet the criteria to set par the excellence. If something needs to be improved that takes the priority with Pitcure quality.READ MORE,4.0
very good product in this price range.confidently recommend for the buying if plan for smart TV.fully satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice TV. I am fully satisfied with the product delivery and installation. TV has many good features. All pros are there, not any cons. Jeeves demo and installation also very good and fast. Display, sounds, apps, wifi internet all is running well. Just go for it, worth each penny spend on it.READ MORE",5.0
"Great timing by flipkart absolutely fantastic...     For TV it's good value for money picture quality nice, sound quality not bed... Overall great television and absolutely fantastic timing by flipkart...READ MORE",5.0
very very good product at affordable price very interesting.sound is superb picture quality is best than other tv.it has a been a year so best TV by Xiaomi.excellentREAD MORE,5.0
similar products available at the same price provides best option then this and it is not that valuable production like their mobiles with best option and features.it doesn't even as the playstore and remote is hard to use.READ MORE,4.0
"Reviewing after 1 month use...Bought the TV during big billion day. Got it for 20k.Pros..1) Size of the TV is comparatively bigger than other big company's at this price.2) Amazing picture quality with full HD viewing3) Sound is the biggest plus. Don't need additional speakers with it. If you like loud stuff you can add speakers though.4) Wify connectivity is superb5) 3 HDMI and 3 USB ports providedCons1) Its a smart tv , not an Android tv. Therefore, no google play store and Chrome...READ MORE",5.0
Let me give a brief but complete overview of TVTv is really good and can be bought with no doubts.Picture quality is good but when it comes to sound... it ok ok. With this price expecting some very high quality audio will something demanding.With regards to connectivity- no Bluetooth and that’s ok. External Bluetooth can be connected as an when needed.Use a JBL or Sony sound bar and it will became a home theatre.Picture is good and with this price... it’s just wow..Patch wall give...READ MORE,4.0
Tv is too good in this price range. Clear pic.. good volume..it’s niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent product indeed. Never think off to buy a smart led tv less than the price of a mobile set before. If someone have the energy and wish to compare this Mi tv with Sony Bravia, let them do waste their energy. Its as different as Redmi phone with Iphone. But you see Redmi phones are the largest selling phone in India. The difference you can find between Biriyani and plain rice. The first one is luxury and the second one is necessity. If you are thinking to buy it, go for , you will be m...READ MORE",5.0
"One of the best (if not the best) TV in this price range. Superb sound quality, packaging was astonishing delivery was very swift. This is a very fascinating smart TV specially in this price segment. The only thing which needs to be work on is ""screen mirroring"" while we are connected to our mobile it is hanging its not working swift apart from that WiFi connectivity is awesome so does picture quality   overall if u want smart TV under such price segment then don't think even for a while just...READ MORE",4.0
"sound quality is comparable to Dolby audios....man what a sound quality just superb .. video quality is also good . supports 1080p videos that I have tried. don't go with the price, it is a competitor for most of the brands.READ MORE",5.0
"I got it in 18900 in flipkart sale...its best in this price rangeJust one thing,it is an android based TV not actual android TVBut Patchwall OS works fantastically,it doesn't feel like drawback.Most likable feature is screen cast aka miracast.READ MORE",5.0
"No built in apps like Netflix or prime.. wen these apps r installed using Aptoide, it does not work smoothly.. YouTube is the only app I use on tv which is preinstalled .. but for the price- cannot expect much.. takes time to switch on and switch off.. tatasky universal remote power button does not work for this tv.. on the software front- MI can do many more things to improve.. overall 3 stars but for the price a full 5..READ MORE",5.0
"it's not Android TV. we can't install many of the applications like jio tv (old version can be, but not fully)no blue tooth, moreover no updates yet now from redmivery low sound for headset n outspeakernow it's waste u will get some other good tv at a cheaper price. irritating patchwall. not at all user friendly pic and sound clarity is very nice.we can't even delete files. Go for some other andriod tv. iREAD MORE",3.0
First of all sound quality is very nice. Display is good. Remote is very simple and handy controls all with very few buttons. Usb keyboard and mouse works perfectly. We can side load any app. Expecting for Oreo update with google play store in 2019. Over all  best TV in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
"price is so high...12,000 is a best deal...tv is good ...slim and lite weight...Picture quality is ok OK.. just likesound quality is avareagesoftware is very impressiveREAD MORE",4.0
mi led tv is very good but delivery time  is not good i got this tv 15 days later i go his warehouse than i collect my productREAD MORE,5.0
"almost 2 months old user : I was never a tv addict so I thought not to put my money in TV. My wife also agreed. Movies and TV shows i used to watch on laptop or phone. but just so if parents come we should have a tv for them. I bought this, just because next smart tv was called costing me around 30k. i went for MI. Since it has been installed. We are glued to it. YouTube and Netflix and Movies from pendrive are the only thing i use on tv. And i am totally satisfied so far. performance wise, u...READ MORE",5.0
awesome is what suit this LeD. Excellent quality in each aspect. I have used earlier LeDs but this is the best one.READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV Not the sharpest image but good enoughREAD MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is good in this budget but can't compare with Sony, LG and other market leaders. Sounds is Nice. Connectivity is easy and smooth but with few phones we are not able to re-connect if disconnected once. You have to restart the TV.READ MORE",5.0
"Writing this Review after 1 month usage.  Nice TV,  Good sound,  good connectivity,  picture quality is also good but I can only rate 4 picture quality,  but value for money.  easy to operate.  I recommend to buy extended 2 years warranty also.READ MORE",5.0
"Pros :1. Smart features and app support is very good.  2. Patchwall OS is nice. 3. Connectivity is good. Cons:- 1. Picture quality is not up to the mark. Even if you get all sorts of adjustments, the colors are unnatural. 2. Picture sharpness is not good. You get a little noisy blur picture. If the viewing distance is less than 6ft this TV is not recommended. 3. This not being the IPS pannel if the viewing angle is more than 100 degrees, you will see different colors and contrast and sharpnes...READ MORE",3.0
Superb ...really awesome product with all the features less cost .Iam really very happy with this..thanks for Flipkart with offer I hot this by 18700.Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Ideal TV for your homeI have been searching for TV since very long but was confused about the brand and features. After lot of research I finally thought to buy this MI TV over VU for many reasons- Great Picture quality in this segment 1920x1080 FHD with 60Hz makes it blurfree picture quality- 20w Dolby surround 🔊 enough to wake up neighbors in the morning 😉 (Well balanced high and mid tones with little bit of bass)- Easy UI with all the SmartTV features that you MAY want- Screen Mir...READ MORE,3.0
woo thats great am very happy to going for this product.and jeeves installation and demo service is done by Harjodh Singh( batala)  his way of speaking is very impressive. thanks alot mi  companyREAD MORE,5.0
"Has all latest features that a Smart TV should have. Value for money - 5/5. Professional Installation.However, the delivery time requires improvement. 10 days for delivery is long time given the current competitive market promising 3-5 days delivery.  Something to look at.READ MORE",3.0
super product mi tv 43inch and great price and beautiful display and full HD mode andgood installation by jeeves thank uREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing picture quality and good sound system.connectivity is best with MI mobiles and connect from other brands takes little bit more time. sometimes response is very bad.if anyone want to buy this product.just do it fast. compare than other brands this is best in this segment.READ MORE,4.0
"Reviewing after a week's use & I'm pretty happy with the experience. Picture quality is good & sharp (Took a while to get that perfect setting). Sound is a bit of a let down but not too bad for the price, (Definitely needs external speakers for better HD viewing). Internet connectivity is satisfactory. Delivery & installation went smoothly. I've also bought the extended 2 years warranty so that the next 3 years is tension free. On the whole, an excellent value for money TV.READ MORE",4.0
"It was mentioned in box and TV as LCD.  We called MI customer care and flipkart customer care, no one gave us proper answer.   Finally the service engineer told that is LED only the equipment type is LCD so it's mentioned there like that.To tell about TV it's very good. We can easily connect with any brand mobile.READ MORE",3.0
posting the review after a week's usage. best smart TV in this budget. I already had a Sony smart TV of same size but mi TV has more options when compared. service engineer informed me that no YouTube will be there and you cannot install apps but after connecting to net we can see YouTube app is auto installed after 3 or 4 hours. also setting has been given that we can install apps via USB. just need to see how it runs in long term (post a year)READ MORE,4.0
"Best smart led TV  in this price segment, But MI doesn't give wall mount stand. If you want to wall mount your TV u have to pay extra charge of Rs 399READ MORE",5.0
Picture quality is good but image processing is not so fast like Samsung and Sony but at this price range it's great... Go for it... Everything is well but if there is a fast typing option then it's so helpful for search and surfing...READ MORE,4.0
"Dilivered on time and installation done on the same day. Good job guys.TV is working great.HD content is marvellous. SD content also looks good. Optimum viewing distance is around 8 feet and best angle about 120 degrees.Sound is clear and loud.Inbuilt media player plays all major formats.At this price, this is the best TV.READ MORE",5.0
Best product with best price. Now want to see durability as its China product well known as chala to chand tak varna raat tak.READ MORE,5.0
Luved The Picture Quality Awesome UI User Friendly Sound Is Crystal Clear Overall A Best Beast In Segment.READ MORE,5.0
"Using it for 15 or more days.It has been a great buy at Rs13999 only. Installation was provided by Flipkart and was on the same day of delivery. Overall picture quality superb, connectivity awesome and the sound quality is also very good. Easy to use and good to look at. A must buy if you don't want to spend a lot of money.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice TV in this price range. I bought it in Big billion offer, Good picture quality & sound & casting feature.Service engineer installed it in next day of the delivery. Awesome picture quality in HD, Online video surfing. In SD no at all bad.those who are complaining about picture quality, i request all of you go to Settings -- Display -- Turn off Adaptive backlightif you want to adjust color options, adjust them thereit was worked for me.READ MORE",5.0
sry guys Hdr not supported not worth but super fast delivery by e kart and installation done in specified time thanks for that budget tvREAD MORE,2.0
the quality is astounding...i love the big screen... could not have asked more with this TV .. best part is the clarity... i immediately got a HD set top box and the quality of tv channel is amazing.... the tv is full hd and you should get and view hd channels only..... sounds is really good.. like a mini theatre.. infinite scrolling is beautiful.... I bought a stabilizer immediately from the installation guys to protect my TV from fluctuating voltages.... i also bought a ir cable which takes...READ MORE,5.0
I m  using from five days... Awesome TV and good sound quality and superior colours enhance....  Super budget TV for all people's.  just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
after seeing many reviews I've bought this onealready having sony kdl 43 inch tvcomparing to that clarity is slightly lowhowever after adjusting sharpness an other setting I've reached the optimum screen image which gives videos on par with sony tvI've connected 1 tb HDD and played moviesdefault player doesn't support audio in most of the formats hence installed mx player and played movies flawlessly.I'm satisfied for what I paidworth the moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"ITs great for 23k ...  but there are very minute things which need to be improved. The only main feature which is missing a according to me is the free cursor for navigation , as that is absent you need to manage every thing with the keys only. its very important and useful while browsing and typing. if thats not your priority ... you can go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Great TV and value for money. MI is really transforming the consumer durable space by launching beautiful products at affordable pricing. Feature wise TV is at par with any other smart TV in market.READ MORE,5.0
Superb MI & Flipkart really I am Happy Thanks MI & Flipkart Smart LED Net Online connection superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Really worth for this amount. Very good clarity and sound... Initially I afraid with some of bad comments about this TV in online.. but its an amazing performance ans smart looking. If you think to buy it means don't think and hit the buynow at Flipkart... Installation service given by jeevs solutions, it's very nice and supportable. Thanks to FLIPKART for decroat my living room with dis big size TV in low price.READ MORE",5.0
"with this price I think u couldn't get better than this, very slim and cool look. love to have mi.READ MORE",5.0
i give 3 star Because of installation process was too poor.But led is good .my led installed after 10 days so Frustrated 😡. Think urself u received ur led and u cant open it for 10 days.after many times of call l Finally attempt to fix appointment for installation.And  the installer jeeves.com cancel my first appointment without calling me even i call technician last day.that was hard time .also mi should be think about their term and condition about not opening box by buyer etc.READ MORE,3.0
Over all OK. Delivery and Demo are pretty good by Flipkart. Don't expect the clarity of any branded Tv's like Samsung /LG of Full HD version... Sound clarity needs to increase a lot... It won't get connect sometimes with any Samsung smart phone for smart screen... Over all Good for the price point...READ MORE,3.0
"Let's bifurcate this review-                                                  1) 5 stars for flipkart, as it delivered the product in just 1 day.                                                                                      2) 5 star for Jeeves team as they done installation just a day after delivery in a very good manner.                    3) Now finally 3 stars for Mi since they are saying this is a LED TV but its just a 32 inch LCD tv, so Mi please just don't promote your product w...READ MORE",4.0
"Great product at an amazing price ! Picture is good. - ofcourse you cannot expect resolution like UHD and 4K but if you are happy with a HD crisp and clear image, this is the right purchase. Loud and good quality sound. No problems with Wi-Fi connectivity - ofcourse a high speed internet is needed. I would say anything above 6 to 10 mbps should be fine. I am using an internet which runs at 45 mbps so no lag at all. You can install YouTube- just watch the how to install YouTube on MI4 smart tv...READ MORE",5.0
"This is a great TV from Mi. It has been 1 week since I am using this product and I am extremely impressed by it. Mi is providing so much in such a small amount, it is really impressive. But I am just a little bit disappointed with the audio output. The flipkart service is good but the delivery service ""Gati Courier Serivice"" is very very bad. They do not deliver the package instead we have to go and recieve it ourselves.READ MORE",5.0
Once Again Flipkart delivered it 2nd day. No questions on that. Pros: -The clarity of this TV is awesome (It again depends on your input device). The primary reason is what TV reception you are giving as input to the TV. I had a 4K Tata sky Recorder box and the Channels are getting experienced never before. The Clarity is superb. Don't use if you dont have a good internet speed as well as a HDTV set top box. Some of the review it was said that application can't be downloaded. Its false. ...READ MORE,5.0
"THE TV IS PERFECT IN THIS BUDGET SEGMENT.IF YOU GONE THROUGH ALL PREVIOUS REVIES_IT IS MENTIONED THAT PICTURE QUALITY IS NOT GOOD BUT SEE IF YOU ARE USING TV BY CONNECTING HOTSPOT TO WIFI OF TV THEN AND THEN ONLY PICTURE CLARITY IS NOT PERFECT IT IS OBVIOUS , BUT WHEN YOU WILL PLAY HOTSTAR,SONY LIV,YOUTUBE,PENDRIVE WITH HD VIDEOS,PLAYING GOOD QUALITY VIDEO IN MOBILE AND CASTING IT ON TV,HD SET TOP BOX CONNECTION,ETC. IT GIVES PERFECT QUALITY. SO THIS IS NOT TRUE THAT THIS TV IS NOT HAVING G...READ MORE",4.0
"Very nice product and timely delivery by Flipkart and also same day wallmount installation.Awesome also we can do so much things from this TV you can use this TV for watching TV also you can use this as Desktop with wireless mouse and keyboard.I am using this TV from last 2 months and I am enjoying it.Good part is that hardware quality is very good of this TVGo for it if you are looking for 32"" smart TV.ThanksREAD MORE",5.0
"It's good product in this price range, good quality, good picture & good sound all are good. One thing is that the installation person is not so prompt to pass on the operating system of TV to the customer. ThanksREAD MORE",5.0
Its been good experience with MI..but only thing screen mirroring is not available with IOS  to watch any movies..Rest everything is satisfied..Best pick on right time..tanq u flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV. Work Nice . Tv sound very Good . 43 size Rate Super.  But Life Not ConformeREAD MORE,4.0
"Flipkart is deliverd TV on time but installation taking too long time. As per their service provider said we cant open box to check your product. They will come and check it. Lets say if they take long time, in mean time if you get problem in your product, you cant even return it. Second thing 499/- is wall mount stand price. Its fine but its not available at their office. We need to wait more 5 days. Better to buy tv from MI official website. Price is same.. edited on 12/09/2019 (almost...READ MORE",3.0
"I purchased this TV for 23K with 2000 cashback offer applied on Citi bank card, so effectively the price would be 21K. I am using this tv from a week now. Picture quality, Sound quality and Connectivity with wi-fi everything justifies the purchase price. I am using my tv with wi-fi connection with JioTV, Netflix, Amazon Prime, TVF by having .apk file installed. YouTube was pre-installed in the tv. I must say that TV works perfectly fine and exactly match my expectations. I don't have cable/se...READ MORE",5.0
"excellent product and very good value for money. happy and satisfied with the picture quality and sound output.my only suggestion, there is no HDMI cable along with the TV, so I was initially using the AVG lead and the picture was somewhat blurred, especially the words. but once I changed the AVG lead to HDMI cable, the quality improved drastically and sharpness is amazing.hope MI team reads it and considers it.READ MORE",5.0
"I face many problems- first instalation, second  softwares don't installed easy because all software do not support. Third  to smart TV requires more data at least 8 to 10 gb per day which is not possible. Forth we can't data transfer from mobile to TV. We can use only pen drive. Tv look and sound is good in this bought.READ MORE",4.0
What an amazing TV . Wonderful product by MI . 5* for this TV ...5* for timely delivery and 5* for person who has installed TV .READ MORE,5.0
Firstly  it is worth for the price being charged .Sound quality is good but not excellent connectivity is ok not even good.picture quality is quiet good but again not excellent .most concerning is viewing angle ....not to the satisfaction at all .light weight easy to handle good service (till this moment )are really plus pointsREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall it is a good smart tv compare to other tv's. It also with in the budget. Sounds Good. But, not able to connect home theatre (5.1 speakers) with the set-top box. There is no additional audio output for 5.1 speakers.  I can't get the audio output from miTv and Home theatre at the same time. Either we can get audio output only Tv or Home theatre. It is a very big minus for this tv.READ MORE",3.0
"when I plan to buy a led TV , my criterias r ..cost effective, durability, pictures clarity, connectivity etc. friends I'm honestly saying, u cannot compare this TV to major brand like sony, LG, Samsung etc.. they have better specifications, top notch picture clarity and advanced in built technologies. remember they cost Tripple compare to this one.  pros:  best picture clarity (u cannot compare the dynamic range and black levels produced by Sony even though u did not disappointed )Great ...READ MORE",5.0
I booked my mi TV on 31st sale ..they promised to deliver me on 6th August as per their promise they did and installation was too done on the same day talking about first impression i would definitely give 4 stars till now everything works fine only faced problems in screen casting but works fine chrome cast.READ MORE,4.0
"MI TV 4A 43"" inch is Great Products And Good Fast Delivery and installation.Great Pictures Quality and Great Fast Working.I love Mi and Flipkart 😍✌✌👍READ MORE",5.0
"Good Performance, no lag. Seamless setup. Sound quality is really good. Table top set up is better for down firing speakers.3 HDMI with one ARC and 3 USB is wonderful. Full wired/wireless Keyboard and mouse support. Lot of online content available with Aptoide TV and Most of the movies in HD are available. Hotstar is installed by default. Rest can be installed directly or added via Chromecast/FireTV.People with android phone(with Google Assistant) and Chromecast plugged in, can use voice ...READ MORE",5.0
Best smart TV within low budget...it's having YouTube n hotstar app to enjoy unlimited access... Support wireless display only with Mi Mobile n not with my Lenovo mobile..pls note it is LED backlit LCD display but overall display is good..go for it if you have tight budget option...READ MORE,5.0
"Got the TV on very next day and installation was done in the promised time, Gotta give it to Flipkart for always efficient service.  Coming back to review:: MI is killing it with their cost friendly and quality products, I was very skeptical before purchase, however this put my mind at ease.  this is a great product.  if you wanna a large TV and do not want to spend 40k.  this is for you.  It gives all the features of smartTV. Picture and sound quality HD awesome..  I ran some 4K videos and i...READ MORE",5.0
"Tried out all color setting nothing works to look vivid, the picture quality is disappointing. You can't justify the picture quality by showing how affordable it is, audio quality is decent and loud. Smart TV it is but the picture quality is what makes it the worse. If you are buying this just for the sake of having a smart TV then it is fine just to show off ??? I feel should have opted for some other TV. Everything is decent not excellent at the price point, but seriously the quality of pic...READ MORE",3.0
The delivery and installation was on time. Good service. But TV doens't support Google play store so apps can be installed using APK through usb. Remote doesn't work with many apps use a wireless mouse. Picture quality is good.READ MORE,4.0
"Literally the best in budget.Picture quality is good,could be better but cannot ask for more in this budget.If you can pay a bit more then go for vu tvs for better picture quality.Sound output is great.READ MORE",5.0
"Update after 10 daysAnts inside the TV!! They are visible on the screen but inside. The build quality is questionable. At time of Installation Edges have an extra light. So black is not uniform across the tv. iPhone is not directly compatible for casting. The installer couldnt recommend an apk for iPhone mirroring.  For 23k, I was willing to compromise certain aspects and hence value for money.Be ready to spend 200 for a special sensor for using tv remote to change channels on cable bo...READ MORE",2.0
Awsum TV made by MI.The Tv is very light weight. Also well packed by Flipkart. Sound quality is best hence no need to take home theater or external speakers. Bluetooth is not inbuilt. All apps are working properly. I am trying to install Jio TV app. bt it not working properly.Overall Best quality of all.READ MORE,5.0
Unhappy  with this product because all time the product advertise as LED TV but actually it's a LCD TV. Flipkart is well known for its reliable costumer support & trust for there loyal costumers but it doesn't mention reality on own online shopping portal. After buying the product costumer knows the reality seeing the Package.READ MORE,1.0
"Received my MI smart LED before time, thanks flipkart for the prompt service.MI --- as the name suggest its for ""ME"" who loves great picture quality, for ""ME"" who loves listening to songs in extra volume without speakers, its for ""ME"" who is price conscious and always search for best valu for money deals........so MI is for all those ""ME"" guys who loves their decision of getting a great deal with their allocated budget.......go get your MI TV.....there is no right time to buy a TV,if you lik...READ MORE",5.0
"best Smart TV in budget and everything about this TV is good Sound, HD picture quality, connectivity.and guy came for installation within 24 hr very good service.READ MORE",5.0
nice gud TV value for money worth with all features I like it a lot picture and sound clarity is gudREAD MORE,5.0
"For 23k, I think this is the best product in the market. Picture quality is good, it may not be as sharp as the costly ones. But almost all LED TVs are getting damaged after 4-5 years now a days, so in my opinion there is no point in buying costly ones. Wi-Fi connectivity is good. Casting from mobile worked better than I expected. I was even able to play graphics heavy Need for Speed game in mobile with casting to TV without any lag. In the sound department also I think this TV performs bette...READ MORE",5.0
"simply awesome and screen quality is super , audio also good and my experience is very goodREAD MORE",5.0
"After 7 days using this Mi 4A TV is so nice . All are working fine , flipkart delivery is good , installation also cool .READ MORE",5.0
"For the price, you probably couldn't ask for more. Apart from the built quality, everything is simply perfect, good picture quality, amazing sound and nice user interface. At this price, this TV is an easy recommendation.READ MORE",5.0
picture quality super sound quality super valuable for money I am very very happy thank you for the Flipkart and ekart super delivery super thank you for the supportREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is worth as a 14000/ rupees product. Sound is very nice, display is not up to sony smart tv but remember it costs 30-35000/ rupees. It is LED tv not LCD, delivery is superb and the installation team call at time. Remember that while you watching ordinary channel its display is disappointing, every large screen tv's are like that, if you watch ordinary channel in sony 40 inch tv, you never buy it. like that MI, but the HD channels are fantastic, 1.8 gb file in pen drive is work nicely. forw...READ MORE",5.0
"Picture quality is good but can be advanced little more, Sound quality is average, patchwall is good but don't contain any browsing app, Google play store is absent but App can be added with external USB devices , remote doesn't contain all the buttons that are necessary like mute button and tv also don't have any buttons to control,  except only power button, but above all,  price worth device .👍😁 $₹READ MORE",3.0
value for money. I like this smart tv... little difficult to handle remote but the smart tv looks so great to use...READ MORE,4.0
very good TV. screen to body ratio is very good. so u feel this TV small when compared to the old LCD 32 inch. so better prefer 40+ inch TV if you are looking for a big TV for your home.pros: smart TVyou can connect a wireless keyboard .lots of TV channel applicationsYouTube availableNetflix availablescreen casting availablesound quality is great.often OS update available from MIcons: the only cons I found is there is no mute switch in TV  remote and full HD is also not available...READ MORE,5.0
I like product but this product is not LED TV this is LCD TV So I'm not happy to purchasing this productREAD MORE,4.0
"best tv .if it last 5 year then it will be best deal in my life.i m using it for 1 month.picture awesome.sound very loud and clear,no need to attach any woofer.miracast very smooth.use as a android is silk smooth too.picture quality in my sd cable also too clear.i m thinking to subscrive hd cable but sd is sufficient.remote is very smooth.i m order in wednesday.deliver friday morning and instal same day at 7 pm.flipkart service is nice.READ MORE",5.0
"pros:1. premium look2. excellent sound for this price range3. display is good with brilliant color levels4. just 6ms response delay, so gaming will be good in this TV.cons:1. You can't enjoy full android experience because of patchwall is2. Most of the apps should be side loaded.READ MORE",5.0
"Good at this price but picture is not that good contrast level poor.... you can't get pure black screen, everywhere is whitish. An intex hd ready tv quality is better than this. But smart tv in this range is rare....READ MORE",4.0
"Superb Smart Tv and budget Tv .. Good picture clarity,Super sound.. Everything is good ...READ MORE",5.0
first of all thanks to flipcart to deliver tv on time . flipcart also help me on my request to install tv before the due date. so i give 5 stars to flipcart. now come to the tv look wise it is nice made of good quality plastic.* i sugess pepole to buy this tv if they have hd set top box. hd channels look great but i am not impress with sd channels. not expect much more for picture quality.*sound is loud and clear .*miracast works fine.* over all value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
very nice good mi led smart tv in this prizeREAD MORE,5.0
"It's an awesome tv with an competitive video and audio quality with Sony it's a THUMBS UP for this perfect match for my living room  thanks a lot  mi flip kart Always remember“A Clear Vision, Backed By Definite Plans, Gives You A Tremendous Feeling Of Confidence And Personal Power.READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome Value for money. Picture Quality : 4/5, Sound Quality : 5/5, Connectivity : 4/5, Feel & look : 4/5, Material : 4/5, Delivery : 5/5 (within 24hrs), Demo and Installation : 5/5 (within 48hrs of delivery). Buy it with extended warranty of 2yrs and be rest assured for 3yrs. Saved me a lot of money. Please let the Installation and Demo guy open the packaging of the product as the product shall not be returned if required too if it's already opened before installation and demo. No need to b...READ MORE",5.0
"PRODUCT IS VERY NICE.INSTALLATION GUY WAS NOT UP TO THE MARK.INSTALLATION GUY WAS INTERESTED IN SELLING TV STAND, INSTEAD OF GIVING PROPER DEMO.HE HAS NOT DEMONSTRATED ANYTHING WHICH WAS COMMITTED BY FLIPKART.""The authorized service engineer will be providing detailed demo that includes a. Physical check of all ports, including power and USB ports. HE SAID YOU HAVE ONE MORE WEEK TO RETURN, IF IT IS NOT WORKING, YOU CAN REPLACE IT. AND EVEN HE DON'T HAVE ANY PEN DRIVE TO ATTACH""b...READ MORE",1.0
"Awesome Product. Value for money. Excellent service by Flipkart. On time delivery & installation. Before buying this product we were very much cofused that whether it will be the right choice or not as we found some negetive Reviews but after buying our experience is awesome. Quite good product for this range of price. Picture quality, sound, Screen mirroring everything is very good.... Thanks to MI & FLIPKART for offering a such type of product best of luck to them & my best wishes to entire...READ MORE",5.0
"I'm writing only pros and cons so that future buyers can be benefitted.PROs:1. PatchWell is friendly and you will find it easy to watch contents online. In some cases, PatchWell is really helpful in automation.2. If internet speed is good and have plenty of bandwidth then it can save some money.3. Performance is great considering the price tag.4. Brightness and sound is best in class.5. Last but not least bang for the buck. You will find no LED TV better than this in this proce range.C...READ MORE",5.0
"Ordered on 22nd June and got product 24th june thanks to flipkart, comes to the TV TV looks Good and sound is pretty loud and picture quality is too good I'm using this TV through mobile and pendrive only still not buying dth. the screen cast and YouTube works very well... meri taraf se HAA hai..READ MORE",4.0
Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm..... fantastic TV by MI and equally fantastic-quick service by Flipkart.. Gr8.But...... Screen Mirroring / Miracast is not working properly so plz solve this problem.ThanxDr Milind MokashiREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tv super sound and clear picture it's worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Happy with TV (3 Stars)Disappointed with the TV installation terms (1 Star) - Service engineer will not install it on wall if you have your own wall mount. You should purchase a wall mount from them to get it installed (it doesn't satisfy the free installation claim by flipkart).Flipkart customer care told that it will be chargeable if we use our own wall mount..  but service engineer didn't accept to fix it when I was ready to pay for service charges.I don't understand, whether flipkart i...READ MORE",2.0
Very Convincing debut.. will fail eventually wit their poor after sales service..  Poor quality of Speakers.. but better than other new debuts in market.. without playstore support TV is not much useful.. sideloading apks are poor choice bcoz most good apps need google playstore.. only a big screen is useful for watching youtube and casting..  user interface is average.. TV hangs sometimes and very slow during operation.. response to remote is also poor.. screen resolution and pic quality is ...READ MORE,2.0
"flipkart delievery and jeeves installation on time...product packaging could have been better(there was no extra packaging from flipkart, mi box pack only)..TV picture quality is good in SD as well as HD channels..In many reviews i read sound is not good but its not true, sound quality is great..Few movie formats in default media player may not work, but install vlc player and all work fine..screen mirroring with samsung j7 max does not work properly, but work very well with red mi note 5 pro...READ MORE",5.0
Delivery and installation from Flipkart was right on time and smooth.After 10 days of usage this is what I feel.1) Display is average. Red is pinkish and black is not black. Not even close to Samsung or Sony. If u play HD content only then it looks ok.2) Smart featu or ok. I have side loaded apps and they work.3) Miracast is bogus. It lags and lags and lags. Needs serious improvement if you want customers like me. I am really disappointed with it.Overall so far performance has been o...READ MORE,3.0
In this price range this is a super tv. Youtube netflix some other apps are working smoothly.  also bought extended warranty. With a high speed net connection and with a hd set top box this tv 🎉🎉. My previous tv was sony bravia (36k)but damaged its led strip with in 3. 5 years. so if you are going to purchase this then buy that extended warranty too.READ MORE,5.0
step by step every followup through Flipkart was soo nice.from the purchase till installing.thankyou Flipkart .and TV is jst just amazing with every feature in a soo good pocket friendly price.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product. Worth the money.  Would have given 5 star if mirroring of other devices is supported other than Mi Android smart phones. Good display, good quality of sound,.Very fast delivery. Received the product in 2 days. Installation and Demo in another 2 days. Guys were very helpful. Happy with both product and service.READ MORE",4.0
"the product(MI TV) is very nice and for its price,it is excellent.two stars are less for flipkart.delivery was very prompt and i received the product within 48 hours, however the installation was not done for 6 days even after raising a complaint with flipkart, there was no action taken so i had to call Jevees directly and got them to install the product directly.jevees told me that flipkart had not given them the delivery details so they never contacted me to install.commint to product,...READ MORE",3.0
"A very nice product. Don't get the default mi wall mount its difficult to attach usb in that as I can't get my hand between tv and wall. Get a adjustable 3rd party wall mount. Don't open by yourself, wait for the technician. doesn't need to buy any keyboard or mouse, you easily use keyboard and mouse by mi remote app. IR cable doesn't work with set top box most of the time so think before buying the cable.READ MORE",4.0
Great for this price but it should be mentioned in specifications that it is not LED TV. IT IS LED BACKLIT LCD PANEL. IT IS DIFFERENT FROM LED TV. It is on box but not in specs.READ MORE,3.0
value for moneysound is so good *****picture is also good ****but connectivity is poor ***butas per price so good i m happy for thisREAD MORE,4.0
The Product is nice Light weight and the delivery package was also very good.Delivered the item ryt om time and date The Delivery Team E Kart are doing  a  pretty good job.T v Has not been installed the team will be coming soon .Waiting For The  performance of this beast.Heavy Waiting .......READ MORE,5.0
"Ordered on 08 June, delivered on 09 June, Installation done on10 June...Well done both Flipkart and Jeeves...Great Product, fantastic display, there were many reviews of display not good, dont go by that... display is just awesome.. you will not get any TV in this price range with the options this tv have... Patch wall just works seamlessly without any lag,  you can side load any apps you need... Youtube works perfectly fine...Of course if you watch SD channels from cable connection, it...READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent service from Flipkart and it's logistics team. About the product, 100% worth the cost. For:Budget lovers.First time LED buyers. As a TV for guest rooms or any display purposes. Smart TV works great and response is good ad well. Not for:Replacement of a Sony /Samsung TV, as you would be used to the vivid display quality and color contrast ratio and this product is a budgeted. You can't expect much from a product which is almost 1/3 cost of the premium brands.READ MORE",5.0
awesome product 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍best smart tv .working is very good .image quality is very fine and sound is too good .sach a lovely product to mi .fully hd smart tv 😍😍😍🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗READ MORE,5.0
"No playstore to download apps you need to insert a USB drive to install apps which is really very. disappointing.Screen mirroring is not supported for Jio TV, Jio Movies & Hotstar, which is again a big trouble.All the existing content is sponsored through Hungama, Voot, SonyLiv or other app which gives you only 3 months of free subscription. If you want to watch further be ready to spend money on subscription.Good Picture & Sound quality. overall I would say the TV has good hardware quali...READ MORE",2.0
Tv is just awesome doing its job great vert good packaging of Flipkart appreciate there efforts and i got a bit installation issue but Flipkart did there job great my problem is now totally resolved..very good response from the Flipkart.. so those who are reading my review ..from my experience i can suggest you that if at all any problem arises Flipkart will resolve it in a very good manner so you just don't worry about it .Firstly i gave only one star rating but after seeing the efforts Fl...READ MORE,4.0
very good product in this price .iam impress this product .fast delivary in flipkart ovearall very good best in miREAD MORE,4.0
"Delivered TV within 20hrs,that was great.But installation happened after 2 days which is fine.Coming to TV, picture quality is above average, cannot be compared with sony or samsung. But color reproduction is very nice. It pleasant to watch.The only issue is with refresh rate. While playing motion videos, we can feel a bit laggy.And while playing huge files via usb, sometimes it lags.Speakers are pretty good. No need of additional speakers.It is not IPS panel, but thats not a big issue....READ MORE",4.0
Really one of the great product by Xiaomi...if you want to buy a better qualified TV in a low budget then definitely go ahead...just cool...🙂READ MORE,5.0
"Writing this after a use of 5 days.This is the best TV in budget. YouTube, Hotstar and other apps already installed. Mira Cast lags minorly initially but after a minute or so it work properly. Good sound quality. Auto backlight is there which adjust brightness of screen according to room light automatically. Patchwall is great. Easily connected to hotspot. There should be bluetooth to connect headphones as no one will connect the headphone in the jack and stand Infront of TV like an idiot. ...READ MORE",4.0
"TV is ok for the price. Not great, not bad as well. I got my TV replaced as the initial tv, the quality was not  good...had color issues and flickering. They replaced it after inspection.  I am still not very much satisifed with new TV due to color, bright settings but fine due to the pricing.SD channels doesn't display good since it is FHD tv.(As per Technician). However in India, most of the tv channels are of SD quality,  this is a disappointment.  Customer care called me to know the qua...READ MORE",3.0
Good enough .not grate display since it is LCD  not led . We can conform this by the lable on tv . Remaing is good. Sound ok . Wireless display is good .for better of this connection we need to off data and on wifi only then we can get it this feature is best usable for mi phone users . Nice net connection .we you want cheap and best go for mi. Filpcart delivered with in 2 days installation delay by 1 or 2 day Thank u flipcat and Jeeves for best tv............go for this tv .....if u prefer l...READ MORE,5.0
After using for more than 8 days... It is simply awesome picture quality is also too good.. SD channels look decent not that bad as claimed by many people. Sound 🔊 quality is better than any TV in this price range.. I installed TV by me itself and trust me setting up TV is very easy not a big deal. Now only the point is its durability.READ MORE,5.0
"NICE TV IN BUDGET PRICE HAVING ALL THE EXPECTED FEATURES. WOULD BE MORE APPRECIATED IF IT HAD FACILITY OF INSTALLING OTHER APPS LIKE YOU-TUBE, HOT-STAR, ETC. IN ADDITION TO AVAILABLE APPS.READ MORE",4.0
"I have used this product from 1week, really this is amazing smart tv I could say, the sound is really great but the display is not that much good. Overall performance is goodREAD MORE",4.0
"Good picture clarity for HD channels. slightly pixelated on normal channels. Sound clarity is awesome. Default media player didnt support some of the audio codec. however it is solved by installing MX player pro, were it support all file formats. (better than Vlc player). Sonetimes smart TV functions lags in performance during multiple switch between video files. IR remote looks good, but typing and searching youtube channels by operating in remote. Also I bought a IR receiver to map single r...READ MORE",4.0
Mi LED Smart tv Nice Experiance with that All are good nice sound nice picture quality but not good with local cable its work great with tata sky very clear picture quality but i have problam in my led the screen blinking anytime i think i got faulty led so i initiate return request.READ MORE,4.0
Supporb....TV.....I love this product.......wireless skrin ....is perfectly work....picture and colour combination is perfectly.....there is no issues...is colour..really nice TV.....under 14000 tho..ts best product....one isu...is TV remot..no Bluetooth....that's a very bad...and..Internet speed is very good...some Android app is installed and workd...good awesome....nice... supporb....I love it.....READ MORE,5.0
Good TV at this price. Quality is good. Am playing all channels using online only. You can sideload apps using pen drive or best way to install app to TV is using share it app. Any questions you can ask me. Am satisfied with this TV.READ MORE,5.0
sometimes wonderful things Happen. Truely marvelous product. More than fast delivery as I aspect. a humble and kind conversation with engineer. Absolutely lovely experience. Thank-you so much flipcart.READ MORE,5.0
"Picture Quality is just sweet for the price we are paying. Its marginally better than my Rs 40k 32 inch LG TV that I bought a month before the 2016 Olympics and I loved the Picture on that one. So if you can grab one dont think twice, Xiaomi is doing wonders for consumer grade electronics just like Jio is doing in the Telecom sector.READ MORE",5.0
Super smart tv and fast delivery fast fitting technician and dts hd super sound and super priceREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best product in budget range.Delivered & installed on the same day. & been using since last 40 days.Picture clarity is also good.Just its Voice is slightly low during Speech(Audio).but its better in music & with home theater system.Connected with WiFi-All system & apps are working perfectly especially Miracast.So in Short One of the best smart tv in budget range.READ MORE,4.0
"Just a awesome product at awesome price at awesome shopping site!!Lightning fast delivery and installation, just in 1 day of ordering. Totally impressed #onlyatflipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"Good picture quality,Sd channels are not good,use only hd channels on settop box,Sound quality is ok,Installation was done after two days of delivery,Miracast is good but there is a noticeable delay,Wifi connectivity is good,YouTube and hotstar work flawlessly,Overall it is a good tv,hope there will be a playstore updateREAD MORE",4.0
Really a Great buy at this Price range...And Prompt delivery on Time and Installment ...Kudos Flipkart.... First Impression is Great about the Tv... Sound Quality is Awesome.....Patch Wall has a Good GUI....Many Complaint about the Start up time to Load the OS BUT it is faster than ONIDA AND HAIER WHICH IS 15K costlier than MI 4A.... Great Buy go for it... Will update my in-depth Experience after a week use......READ MORE,5.0
"Daddy of all LED TVs. Smart buyer doesn't pay for just for brand name. Xiaomi leading budget cell phone segment purely basis quality product, best price & good after sale service. MI TVs are the best in the market right now, amazing quality and pocket friendly price. Go for it with extended warranty and enjoy tension free and best TV viewing for at least 3 yearsREAD MORE",5.0
"* Full HD - Tested the display with EDID (Extended Display Identification data) and have native resolution of 1920*1080.* Good Sound quality. 10W * 2 Speakers* Patchwall OS is good. Hope, they will add more apps/ playstore support in future updates.* LED TV - They have mentioned it as LCD Panel with LED backlight and that is the actual description of LED TV.* 3 HDMI Ports and 3 USB Ports* Good Build qualityREAD MORE",5.0
"My installation was done by Rep Alexandar. Emp id:IPJCCH0017, the was well trained and knowledgeable how to install things. He helped me with all navigation on my tv. So kind to get this job done on time. Also he kept his promise on showing up on right time for installation.. thanks for ur help sirREAD MORE",5.0
"A great tv for this price range. The picture clarity is great. Colors are not that vibrant. The only problem i have with this TV is that if you want to install apps like Terrarium TV or Youtube,you have to do that by a pendrive. You have to buy a pendrive,install the apps on the pendrive then connect it to the tv and install those apps on the Tv. Overall my experience has been excellent with the TV. Jeeves technician came within 1 Day after delivery! and set the TV up.READ MORE",5.0
The tv is just awesome smarter than all others and better easier than any other TVs and the clarity is just awesome... Sound quality is perfect.. and screen casting is also superb... Just go for it....READ MORE,5.0
"Overall, I found the Mi LED Smart TV 4A delivers good picture quality and costs just Rs 13,999. This a less-expensive option for those looking for a true HD LED TV. If you’re looking for a new TV that doesn’t break the bank, this one from Xiaomi is definitely worth your attention and time. 😍😎READ MORE",5.0
"Good Tv .... Go For it. don't know about durability but it works great .... Super clarity.... almost all good.. no need to compare with any other TV's in 43 inches, this tv is great in this price range ....sound quality is also greatREAD MORE",4.0
Great smart led in this range nd Ekrt delivery also goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice picture quality . Digital sound but customer support is not well .Other wise TV is perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Best tv in this range... Picture quality not good. I used Tata sky  HD set top box and also views HD channels but not shows look like HD contains...BUT on seeing online contains looks great...I Suggest used LIve Tv HD app for viewing TV program.its quality is good as on seeing The offline Tata sky HD channels...If any know the what is change in display parameter to seeing the good picture and also how many per range for backlight..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome picture quality and great deal this product is super thank you flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
It's Worth more than what you paid. Very bright FHD display. Sound quality also good. But some Internet techies or reviewers are telling that its not a FHD display. They using some cpuz software and showing the same. So my request to MI support please check n confirm the same. overall its a good TV u can buy it blindly.READ MORE,5.0
"Very good TV in this Price, IR cable is good but not sure it is not behaving correct with Tata sky.happy with TV.READ MORE",5.0
"UI must be upgraded..it is not user friendly,you will need to buy (wireless) keyboard and mouse to get most of thing work1) Hotstar is inbuilt bt don't update as after update is doesn't work properly2)No playstore 3) Xiaomi says 80% contents are free bt in reality they're not,for everything you need to pay for eg Hotstar needs premium, Alt balaji etc you can only watch outdated contents for free no live contents...Waiting for updates.....READ MORE",3.0
Got installed today. I see some line on the display . looks some display issue. will see for few more days and return it. My TV got replaced and looks good now. TV performance is good so far but not good compared to VU Tv.I feel VU TV is better than this. and now got MI updated software and YouTube and hotstar is in place. overall good for the price and u can go for it considering lower price.READ MORE,3.0
"Mi LED TV product is built with good quality of material, screen quality, voice quality is fantastic. Fast delivery with 1 day and demo and installation is done properly. It has totally worth of money. I don't know why hd images i am not able to upload of tv on flipkart app for rating this product. I will give ratting this tv is 4.5/5. I am happy after buying this product.READ MORE",5.0
Simply perfect for the price...Quick and safe delivery of the product...i didn't face any kind of issues...patchwall os is so simple to intract with the TV ( smart TV) If u have a SetupBox then purchase the MI IR cable the interface between the patchwall OS and the setupbox is made brilliant by Sensy app (TV Guide)Plug the Pendrive and install your favorite apk.. In my case i installed hotstar and jio Tv which works like a pro with good Internet connection..watch upto (1080p resolution).READ MORE,5.0
"Nice, Worth for money spent.Had a clear HD picture clarity & surround sound system feels like a mini theatre in your living room.READ MORE",5.0
"Very nice tv but not 4k picture clarity is ok sound quality ok not yet you tube and not chrome browser,hd quality is ok polimer hd set-up. Box is good picture clarity totally low budget tv good product thank youREAD MORE",4.0
It's really pretty good 1080p works perfectly previously bought 33k Panasonic TV but mi 43a is better then Panasonic budget tv 23k thanks to MIREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product worth moneyProsCost worthy, slim sizeCasting is good with mira castPre loaded apps - youtube, hotstarStreaming by sonyliv, hungma, alt balaji, vootCan install apk from usb (*tried prime videos not working -wait for patchwall to update)Connectivity is good thru ethernet/wifi - over ethernet works really goodConsSound equalizer could have been betterNot much option for setting in picture-soundSometimes video stopped playing due to unknow errorsBuild Remote for TV shoul...READ MORE",4.0
After use of 3 weeks Picture quality average Sound superb Miror cast superb Over all good smart tvin like itREAD MORE,4.0
"The best TV at this rate, you'll get complete function. Smart remot is another advantage of this TV.  If you are a beginner in the smart TV you will be so happy in terms of quality, budget etc. it will be your dream to get a smart TV at this rate. Thanks to redmi.READ MORE",5.0
"Display: 43-inch LED Display, Full-HD resolution (1920 x 1080 pixels), 178-degree viewing angle, 60 Hz frequency, 6.5 ms response timeSoftware: PatchWall OS (Android-based)CPU: Up to 1.5 GHz quad-core Cortex-A53 processor, Amlogic T962GPU: Mali-T450 MP3 (750 MHz)Memory: 1 GB RAM, DDR4Storage: 8 GB eMMC 5.0 onboard, no microSD card supportConnectivity: 3x USB 2.0 (Type-A), Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Wireless Display (Miracast), 3x HDMI (1x ARC support), 3.5 mm headphones out, S/PDIF port, RJ-...READ MORE",5.0
Best TV in the price range.Pros:Smart in true sense.Youtube works fine and without lag. (need to sideload youtube apk from aptoid)Picture clarity is very good. Supports 1080p easily.Cons:Had to sideload app.Sometime movie hangs on hungama app.Difficult to switch from STB and Smart TV content.You have to use TV remote even after using IR cable.READ MORE,5.0
"Thanks mi company, TV sounds and quality super and nice display quality and thanks for Flipkart correct time delivery and Flipkart delivery men active worker and tv demo and quick installation and very good and thanks Flipkart and all the bestREAD MORE",4.0
Just Go For ItPeople who are saying its a hd display and not full hdi dont think they even have the tvThe Display Is Gorgeous .It Wont Have Vibrant Colours Like A Samsung One(Same diff btwn Samsung Amoled and other Displays)I like this one more Bcz We Get to See true coloursThe Display Is Amazing..Patchwall works FlawlesslyDoesnt LagYouTube works Flawlesslyfor 23kits a stealtrust me i am playing around with this from the last weekand now im gonna install chromecast too so it will ...READ MORE,5.0
"mi tv 43inch is very good beautiful pictures and sound quality nice and YouTube play very fast no problem totally super this is best thanks mi, delivery is a fine very fast but installation is bad I waiting 7day this is very bad please care .READ MORE",4.0
Superb Smart Tv By Mi . It's Very Low Price But It Can Compper All big Brand . I Like it So Much. Must Buy Everyone Who Want To Buy A new Smart Tv.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice packing, delivered within a day, smooth installation at the time you want. Could have added the IR cable along with tv, instead of getting it separately.Coming to the TV itself, nice sturdy build, mostly fluent UI. Tested with 1080 content from hard disc no jitters whatsoever, the media player is also to be applauded dint need VLC or an MX player. You can get YouTube from playstore once there is an upgrade or via usb or via 3rd party app store. Content coning with the TV is mostly hi...READ MORE",4.0
"Delivered on time... Flawless Flipkart...Mi TV 43"" quality performance in a budget price ..inbuild speakers are so good.. Sound quality is superb... Awesome picture performance .. one of the highlight is favourite channel selection from the tv menu, designed in compatible with DTH providers in india... Showing recent activity.... this is the real example for ""worth for the money""READ MORE",5.0
"This is a superb TV. I am using it from last one week. Picture quality and sound are up to mark. Only low point i observed is the quality when you watch tennis game. Ball leaves behind trail, that could be because of the refresh rate of 60 Hz. No complains about the SMART TV which is available at such a low price. No other branded TV is available at this price.READ MORE",5.0
At this price - Perfect display- Clear Sound quality- Speedy browsing- Smooth patchwall software Or kya bache ki jaan loge.. .READ MORE,5.0
very good product picture quality is also good sound quality also good everything is perfect in this incredible priceREAD MORE,5.0
"So by luck, I was able to order this television on 23rd of March 2018, got delivered to me on 27th March 2018. Installation from Jeeves was scheduled to be done by the next day i.e. 28th of March but I called Jeeves Customer Support and they gave me the contact number for the executive assigned to me for the installation of the LED TV. I reached out to him and he was at my place in an hour. The television was installed on the same day it was delivered. Wall mount is not included in the packag...READ MORE",5.0
Good service by flipkart. About Mi Tv 4a  display is good. best user interface and superb sound quality. demo and installation done is also satisfying.READ MORE,4.0
For this price this Full HD Smart TV is an awesome package and more than worth. Overall quality and performance is too good. Very happy with this Smart TV.READ MORE,5.0
superb mi tv  budget tv  32 ich looking so cool and sound quality stero is best of bestREAD MORE,5.0
"Ordered on Tuesday, Delivered on Wednesday and Installation 9n Thrusday.. Good Service by Flipkart.Now abouts TV : Picture Quality is good FOR HD channels, sound is also good enough and with Smart features it makes it more awesome at the price of 23k.. highly recommendedREAD MORE",5.0
Really it's so smart so slim & good looking  & thank you flipcart for giving timely delivery & installation .READ MORE,5.0
"great value for money product,  I was trying since day one of flash sale to get my hands on this product, luckily I was able to purchase it last Friday and Flipkart did a great job delivering it the next day along with demo and installationregarding the TV, the clarity and sound is good no issues there, the inbuilt apps work great and recently they have given hotstar and YouTube apps , and I think there are a few bugs but xiaomi should be handling that in upcoming patchesWiFi works great,...READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome buy, picture quality is ok ok in the non HD channels. Sound is also ok. Color and all are good so in total worth to buy....Go for it....READ MORE",5.0
"Good Tv in this price range.......if you are on tight budget and want a TV then you should go for it....... sound is excellent, picture quality is good (as it is a 720 p hd ready also no one offers Full hd screen in such a price range but display is bright enough) also we can play 1080 p resolution video , function are excellent as it is a smart TV so overall ratings 8.5 out of 10.......READ MORE",5.0
"Tv is great! But deliver was super late. Ordered the tv on 16th but received the tv on24th installation was done on the same day.PROS: Video and audio is awesome CONS: no youtube, browser, Netflix it would be better if they add these apps and also some features like air mouse, etcREAD MORE",4.0
Well this is my first non Sony non  samsung non LG TV.Though it is feature loaded but is far behind in viewing quality from any 32 inch TV from premium brands!Viewing angles are not upto the mark as well as the backlight quality is a bit on the lower side!I loved the remote provided.overall-Its better to buy a 32 inch TV from Samsung Sony or LG the price of which is around 18000...you would get a better viewing  experience ..buy a Chromecast @2700 to make you tv more smarter.READ MORE,3.0
"tv is just awesome not just for price, its just awesome freat colour hdr10 ready which gives you colour and picture quality of bravia like panel sound is superb and has great clarity but bass is okok and tv looks bigger than 32inch there is a little colour shift. Colours look a little washed out when you see it from sideways but you have to see from far sideways BDW: ITS a great buy go for itREAD MORE",5.0
Best led by mi in quailty  in good price Full jabardast hai If any body want to buy must go for it  don't thing  for else No other brand gives you such quailty And fast delivery and installtion by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good product . because when my family was saw on first time they couldn't believe that was amusing actually I gave suggestions to my other friends regarding about your TV .try to do fix other features . thank you mi teamREAD MORE,5.0
"It's just waw..Got today, Picture quality is good, sound output is great,overall  best TV, and I got AAA  battery  smart remote, and thanks for flipkart great service...READ MORE",5.0
Patch Wall Awesome !!Display Awesome !!Sound Awesome !!Love the cute TV Remote !!Love MI For This Awesome TV !!ALWAYS BELIEVE THAT SOMETHING WONDERFUL IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN !!READ MORE,5.0
"Over all good product in this price range, they are saying smart tv, but the bad thing was no play store, some softwares not installing, mainly youtube... I hope in future updates they fix all bugs, other wise video quality ok, sound quality awosome and providing a guy for installation and demo was good...  thank you....READ MORE",5.0
I really appreciate this TV super smart TV worth moneyFlipkart amazing same Day delivery installation demo service super I give five starREAD MORE,5.0
"Received the product today and installed it and had it running for few hours. I would not rate this as a great TV, but it would be unfair not to consider the price tag. Considering that factor this is TV exceeds expectation. Decent or very good sound quality. Since I had not made any arrangements for cable/dish, I had it playing via screen mirroring. Screen mirroring did not produce best quality but played a 1080p video on flash drive and the results were up to expectations. Remote control un...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent fantastic Tv I Loved it Sooo much. Its amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Best.picture and all the features ... everything is best ..sound is unbelievable ... You don't need any sound box .... I hope that it will live long ... for atleast 5 year ...Thanks MI FOR THIS DEAL ... WE ARE ENJOYING SMART TV ....READ MORE,5.0
"Reviewing after using for some days.Great value for money, Picture quality is good,sound is average,build quality is poor plastic material,but managable.viewing angle is good.Panel is LCD with led backlight.Miracast is lagging.All ports are approachable after wall mount.Flipkart delivery os excellent,the delivery boy checked for any external damage.Installation was on the same day and jeeves service was quick.Patch wall interface is awesome,but with limitations,you have to subscribe after the...READ MORE",5.0
"Ordered a mi TV and the delivery was quick and easy and believe it or not I had thr installation done on the same day, very prompt and courteous installation by jeeves person, he installed it in less than 15 mins and gave a good demo of the operation of the TV. Am very happy with the delivery of flipkart as well as the service from jeeves.. A proud mi ownerREAD MORE",5.0
"All things are ok, but the main problems is connectivity issue. VGA port are missing so you can not connect your cpu to mi tv directly, you need to buy vga to HDMI converter. Can't connect your home theater with it,  sound quality is not good bass are too low. Google play store are missing.Over all the tv was good, I bought this tv worth rs 21250/-Picture quality not so good compare to vu tv.READ MORE",3.0
"It is the best you can get for the price. In terms of built quality and experience, I am extremely satisfied. Viewing angles are not so great. May be because the panel is not LED. Its been a week but still I did get used to the Patch Wall OS. So bought Google Chromecast to meet my samrt tv experience. Screen Mirroring is not supporting all moible devices. So, you may have to install apps like ALL CAST to cast the content on your mobile device to TV. I hope this will be fixed in future Pat...READ MORE",4.0
Don't buy this tv. Doesn't support any android apps. Can't sideload any apps. The apps that are already in there disappears because they can't be updated.  The cast screen is miracast which is not supported by latest andeoid phones. Better buy cloudwalker tv which comes at 29k with android and 4k support as oppozed to 1080p in mi tv. This tv hardly deserves title of smart tv.READ MORE,1.0
pros 1. 43 inch panel 2. small bezels 3 small remote .cons are no bluetooth .. not a full hd panel .not vibrant colors like lg or samsung . dull sound . a old hd ready lcd panal that cost 16000 10 years ago .. not worthy to buyREAD MORE,1.0
being a smart tv below 30k for a 43 inch TV you would surely not get the picture quality like Sony or LG...buy this TV only as a stop gap arrangement or hv a budget constraints and still want a smart TV....the TV does not produce real feel like color reproduction...white color is more and black is subdued....color contrast also not great...also google play service is not enable as of now...so you cannot download app through play store...but MI has promised to bring it in future update but sti...READ MORE,2.0
quality is  not good ..specification is LED but it's LCD tv ...video stuck on screen mirroring.....HD video Also dnt have much clarity....just satisfied for product for this prize  but this tv is full china design....READ MORE,5.0
"using since 3 weeks, everything is cool, view angles, sound are exceptionally good but only thing is as its runs on Android addition of playstore would be super awesome and the smart remote is quite well but while using youtube  its helpless u can't go for back and totally exists the app with one Revere click, and while playing hungama u need to always select particular song one after other there is no auto play option hope this fix in next uodate,picture quality is exceptionally well at pric...READ MORE",4.0
"This TV is great for people in this budget. Patchwall is the best thing in the TV that I loved. Sound quality is great, you don't need to attach a speaker.The picture quality is good and even SD channels are fine and don't blur too much.P.S.- Don't compare the picture quality of MiTV4a with Sony or Samsung of same specs(they are better anyday). This is good in its own way, because of amount of money you're paying.Delivery was good and installation done same day.And I am a happy customer, ...READ MORE",4.0
As a TV everything is good but operating software and apps are not comfortable is this tv no browser app and play store also not available. My expectations in this tv Android OS and CPU connection facility needful apps. In this Smart TV screen share working good picture quality and sound quality good as per my knowledge 14k is good price.Mentioned LED TV but its not LED and no updatesIn this TV no YouTube it's not a smart TV waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
"Nice product from redmi.. Delivery upto date by Flipkart.. Nice display.. Nice sound,bass slightly less but enough loud..READ MORE",5.0
"Pros-this is the best led smart tv at this price segment and it couldn't have been better.now about the performance- the patchwall  os is really great and easy to use and wifi connectivity is really fast and handy, the screen mirroring is really a great addition to it.Now the quality- though it comes with 720p display, the clarity is satisfactory and no issues with it.Audio- the dolby surround sound is really awesome and the bass is great too.Cons-The buttons in the remote needs to be ...READ MORE",5.0
"Edit : TV suddenly stopped working after a small blast inside it. I expected more lifetime from this product instead of mere 6 months. I will change/update my review after customer services response.EDIT : TV got repaired free of cost via MI within a week , but it could have been faster . Keep it going but try to improve services at the same time for small towns...Fantastic product also you can play and run most of the Android apps...just download mi tv remote app on your phone connect it t...READ MORE",4.0
Product 2star power saving . Picture quality good not batter. 🔊 good value for worth. Connectivity good. Light weight. Overall good as compared to cost 11249.READ MORE,3.0
"I was using 28"" TV from different company With normal set top box (without HD) and when i Saw this just after installation i just shocked! Picture quality was looks like poor than my old TV but the person who provided the installation service said that it is due to set top box. You should have HD set top box to get more clarity.  I felt bad really by thinking that more expenses needed but Today is my 3rd day and I've now no such problems like first day. Things are now cleared. Picture quality...READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent so good nice picture quality, sound or everything is perfect. I love it miREAD MORE",5.0
"Amazing picture quality. Good sound.. Am using firetv stick...youtube stunning picture quality in 1080p..Even 4k can play via usb. Confused to buy vu,thomson or mi.After seeing quality of the product and os..my decision was correct am very happy..thanks MI an Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
good product good sound quality best reasonable price .  bestREAD MORE,3.0
nice tv in this price quality good sound good every thing is so goodREAD MORE,5.0
A large (43inch) Smart LED is what every one of us now is looking for and MI has done good job in satisfying the customer needs. Practically it has everything. You just need a HD set top box to tune in and enjoy the HD experience. PROS : FullHD display with little edges. Just a 11 button remote...which makes it simple. And lastly the UI is really good.CONS : I had some issue with the audio format not recognized while playing movies through Pen-drive. Need to check on that from my end.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, the TV is very good covering almost all the features required, with a very reasonable price. Product received 10 days before schedule in a very good condition. Installation and demo was done the very next day and happy with the TV performance.READ MORE",5.0
one of the best led tv in budget.... Go for itSound was so good u dont need home theatre and picture quality is too good in this budget.READ MORE,4.0
Very poor quality of your mi led smart tv clearity and android patch wall systemmiracast not supported to my android smart phoneall over not satisfied your coustmerREAD MORE,1.0
"I bought 32 inch mi tv. It is built good, sound, connect ivity everything is fine  but the only con is its picture quality. Its made for hd set top box or hd video programs. Picture quality shown not good with normal set top box.READ MORE",1.0
"TV connection with local cable STB is very poor visibility in mi TV.one should have an active HD setup box or a decent WiFi connection to view the preloaded content for better viewing experience. sound is extremely awesome and remote is not too good to use but looks beautiful.remote doesn't work like a cursor on TV, it was just a button remote like everything.READ MORE",4.0
The mi tv 43 inch good in this price rate and it was value of money. The picture was full HD and quality good. The sound was also good.my rating on tv 4 out of 5 but the service of jeeves very very bad. It was call and appointment to fix my tv on wall mount i say i already purchased wall mount so i don't need your wall mount then it was say then i am not done your TV installation. Then i install my tv local dealer and it was take 100 rupees.  I say Flipkart please provide good service of tv i...READ MORE,4.0
"LCD or LED tv? .....,.........Hi All, i ordered 32 inch TV on 29th May but they delivered only on June 7. This is disappoint for me from Flipkart as well as the courier service.  Still installation and demo is Pending with jeeves.                        This review is mainly for the people who raise concern as LCD and not LED tv. This is for them to make u derstand the difference between lcd and led tv.            In LCD the illumination is done usin CFL lamps i.e. Bulb like thing. Whereas LE...READ MORE",4.0
Nice tv good luck all advance tv beautiful picture quality nice sound effect all for goodREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is super all is well but it got 3 star bee rating.. totally niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Not recommended to purchase the TV.I was excited when the TV arrived and it worked flawlessly for a day. Though the picture quality was very medicore , I was satisfied for this quality at this price range. But my excitement turned into disaster when after a day my TV started developing ""greenish display and blurred images"". I have asked for a replacement. Is anyone is facing the same issue please let me know by a placing a reply.READ MORE",1.0
Best deal for this price..!! Simply go ahead for this..!!! U will never get such deal for this price.. Awesome quality... Best sound quality ever.. Simply go for it..!!READ MORE,5.0
Excellent TV for price... But i bought it before the new Thompson smart TVs launch which are purely android TVs and much more convinient than MI TVs. Biggest con is MI TV is installing third party apps. Android TVs are much more flexible in terms customisation and operation.Here is my suggestion... Buy good quality non-smart TV and then buy Airtel Internet (Android STB) Set Top box at 6000 Rs. which alao gives 1 year free subscription of all HD and SD channels... and you are All Set!READ MORE,4.0
"good things:soundunique features like screen mirror ,install play store app like jio tv, YouTube ,crome ,but for easy play use mouse and keyboardnormal picture quality.more than big screen.READ MORE",4.0
"First of all thank you Mi and Flipkart to sale like this type of product.Awesome Tv with Good quality picture, Sound effect is good, overall performance is good but remote cells was not given in the box.Need to check before packing the product.READ MORE",4.0
"Good TV, Need explanation y they wrote LCD TV,on screen sticker...If it's LED, If It's Android TV .... Where is okay Store... How can v download apps....??? Clarity ,Sound is Good...For this price.... Enjoying Watching Movies on it.   User Friendly TV... MI need to update for Apps...READ MORE",5.0
Flipkart and mi Rocks...  product delivered and intallation done within 1 day. super service by jeeves team. after 1 week of use my opinion .... picture quality is awsm... sound is good ..almost every video format supported via usb. patchwall is simple and clean... only appstore in not there. but i install apps via  pen drive. some apps supporting some not. At this price you cannot get this type of product.. so dont think twice .. just grab it.READ MORE,5.0
awesome  its very good price and picture quality is good colour also clearly nice flipkart insulation is very fast i feel very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"* Picture quality is average, it didn't seem like full HD.* It does not have play store, all apps need to be sideloaded.* Sound quality is ok ok.* Screencast will not work with moto phones and laptops* Conclusion , I am giving good just because of price segment.READ MORE",3.0
MIND blowing flipkart u r the best u know first time i am very disappoint from u but now iam very glad to say that i am at that time now i  hope u r never give up i want one more mi 32 4a tv so plz help this time plz dont disapoint me thank u.READ MORE,5.0
"You might have heard the word bang for the buck. Jus experience it with this product. Everything from the sound to picture clarity is good. But purchase an additional sound bar to get a theatre like experience. What can u expect from a smart tv- full hd resolution, 20 w speakers, 6.5 ms response time, hdmi arc connectivity, smart features, dts hd out, bluetooth, wifi, miracast. It has everything. Too good a product at this price range. Way to go MI. Special thumbs up for flipkart for the next...READ MORE",5.0
"First of all flash sale was a mess! Secondly, the order placed didn't get dispatched as per the first timeline but only after the next sale! Yes, it happens .. you place your order pay for it & then just keep your fingers crossed for it to be delivered.Thirdly, product delivered after 8 days & 3 days prior to that the installation & demo was provided after a few follow ups. The process was hassle free on the installation part and the guy was very decent & quick with his work.Fourth, the...READ MORE",3.0
"Nice display clarity. Everything's ok cheapest price range. Very good mi aur flipkart deal, mirror share, WiFi, you tube is also working fine....... Good GoodREAD MORE",5.0
"Not compatible for this TV function Mi TV not satisfied, vu TV better than TV and multiple support for vu TV audio & vedio format this TV (Mi TV)  720p vedio format supported but audio codec ac3 not supportedREAD MORE",5.0
"I was one of the lucky people to have been able to order the Mi TV 4A(32).Its a good TV, the patchwall is great and I was only able to sideload YouTube, which works fine.The resolution is not very high, at 720p, it manages to do the work.Bit anxious about the Mi IR cable. It comes after your TV.The sound is the best feature. Its great, lacks bass though.I don't know if my unit is only facing this problem, but i am unable to screen cast.I tried with two Mi smartphones. It just connects, ...READ MORE",5.0
"It is a nice product in coat vise but features are not so good particularly YouTube , play games are not to be supported in this TV .But it works fastly and supports hugs storages like hard disk,pen drive etc..  Really it is not so a smart ......Thank youREAD MORE",3.0
"I got this TV yesterday although i will say this is an awesome TV in Rs.13999/-  so far, even though Smart TV, sound quality is excellent, picture quality is excellent, Connectivity is Good. There's only lack in this Specific TV is Web browser & YouTube hope MI TV next update will recover all requirements soon. It's Worth buying 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
"TV is amazing for its price, also supports many Android apps and games. Miui is also superb and needs some improvements in miui like gallery appREAD MORE",5.0
awesome picture clarity awesome sound bought in just 12149 on big billion day best buy everREAD MORE,5.0
"First things first, this TV takes around 25 seconds to turn on which is absolutely disappointing. The display specs and sound quality is quite good but the support for applications is very poor. Any app you need requires to be loaded via USB, there is no in-built playstore. The interface(PatchWall) is also not very elegant and slightly complicated.It also requires to 2 clicks to turn-off, this is supposed to be the most basic function of any TV, Mi has spoilt basic user experience due to th...READ MORE",3.0
First it is not LED display. They mentioned with label on screen as LCD display. This is like cheating. I feel like this.READ MORE,2.0
"Nice Tv worth  Price . Sound system is good . Only draw back is we have to side load apps what we want using Apk file by downloading in pen drive  App Store not available by default , Mi if you could enable it would be great Smart Tv.READ MORE",4.0
It's worth buying this TV. When you compare other brands in same price range this one is good. Delivery and demo service was great by flipkart. I am totally satisfied with this product and recommend this one.READ MORE,4.0
"Don't Buy Mi Tv it's not Support Google play store u need to install another software Mi  Led Smart TV 4A 80 cm 32 Doesn't Support Google play store YouTube, Google Brower ....  pls update and fix this issues.READ MORE",1.0
I got it delivered today and the services both by flipkart and installation team was very good                            conditional usage is ok i feel good for money connectivity to wifi is stable and good we have you tube and hotstar reinstalled  today is good i will comeback after 1 monthREAD MORE,4.0
"Tv is not full HD 1080p, it's picture quality is 720p,,display colours are looks like washed. The view angle of the tv looks bad. It's before I've vu led tv when I compare all these features vu too better than mi, but the built quality of mi is good, sound is good & flipkart service is good, other Internet feature is running ok. Only you can watch hd channels that is adjustable, so I'm very disappointed this type of picture quality & colour.READ MORE",2.0
Review after 2 years of use. Worth buying this product since it has the best sound and picture quality with the budget friendly price.READ MORE,5.0
"The specs of this product are really good. The picture quality is good but sound quality is not so good, the sound is not balanced and base is low too. The connectivity is satisfactoryREAD MORE",3.0
I love it and full awesome clearly light tv solid sound full clearREAD MORE,5.0
"I have used this TV for 1.5 years now. Excellent product for the given price. Built quality is ok and the remote is very sleek. Screen is perfect, bright and clear pictures, i would not say excellent though, for this price it is cool. Sound is great. I am using Set Top box with the TV, SD channel videos are average, I don't think this TV has enhanced upscaling, however HD videos are superb. Mi offers lot of contents which keeps you always engaged (if u have a good internet speed).I thought ...READ MORE",4.0
Worst OS Update. Its no longer a smart tv. Just LED box. Dont buy unless OS is not changed. World's worst UI and OS features. Apps not available on app store and APK not working.Any simple TV is better than this.READ MORE,1.0
Full pocket friendly with awesome quality.1. Nice picture quality2. Good sharpness 3. Awesome remote with google assistant4. Good wifi connectivity5. Regular updates for android 6. Fast service7. Fast installation serviceREAD MORE,5.0
I loving it.. super led super sound & picture quality..READ MORE,5.0
Okay I an writing this review after using the tv for 1 year and Alhamdulillah it is working absolutely fine. The quality of MI tv is much better in terms of picture and sound in this price but you feel disappointed if you compare it with Sony Bravia.It connects well with wifi and also support third party apk apps. You can download any app and can install it via USB.Overall i will give 9/10 to this product.READ MORE,5.0
Even basic app like YouTube is not working and no promised update of google play store delivered. Not smart enough tv.READ MORE,3.0
"They promised on the product page to give a proper new update on 1st quarter of 2019, here we are still waiting in November 2019 like  poor souls  but no patch or updates Yet. The panel quality is also very poor , blacks are PATHETIC. Xiomi/Mi is becoming like Micromax...stay away from their productsREAD MORE",1.0
it is really a great product smart LED tv. and is more than the money u pay. i gave 4 star because when u on the tv every time it takes time of 30-60 sec.otherwise after that it is a 5* productREAD MORE,4.0
THE TV WAS AWESOME ... ALMOST ONE YEAR GOT OVER  THE PRODUCT WAS AMAZING.. STILL WORKING WITH GOOD CONDITION WITH GREAT QUALITY.READ MORE,5.0
"My  Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43) panel already changed 04 Times with in 01 Yr & now warranty is finished, motherboard is damaged. Worst Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43) .....Please don’t go with Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43).... facing lots of problem.READ MORE",1.0
"In the name of Android it doesn't support 99.9% of apps coz it's not have Google play, only YouTube and hotstar was supporting for some days and now YouTube also not supporting and hotstar for same days shows not support and reinstalled it let see how many days it will work, even after Wi-Fi it's buffer frequently, it's doesn't have crome cast and screen mirror is work worst, other frnd buy TCL smart tv little cheaper price and have Google play service crome cast inbuilt excellent clearity an...READ MORE",2.0
"An Excellent value for money product. Now a days where the life of LED TVs have gone short with limited scope of repair, this TV fills the GAP by offering excellent specification at very low price.I am using the tv for the last one year and would say ... it was a sound decision i made.READ MORE",5.0
"I am giving this feedback after 9 months from the date of purchase. I m very much happy with this product, value for money, good quality, overall this is worth of money.READ MORE",4.0
"Great turning point in the indian TV market by one & only MI, thanks to xiomi great futures LED TV with low price.READ MORE",5.0
"After Using 1 yr I m writing this review. Screen mirroring has issue with connectivity. YouTube app updated and stopped working a month ago, since then not found any compatible YouTube app yet. Good for watching HD channels and content in memry card. But I don't find any free apps like you tube. Anyway It's value for money and Money paid less so get less.READ MORE",3.0
"I purchased when this product is released intially, while taking mentioned like it is going to be upgraded to Android version in future but not yet upgraded. over all satisfied with this product with reasonable price and big screen.READ MORE",4.0
"Pros:Connectivity for the priceDesignCons:Picture qualityYou would need a very robust WiFi signal for it to work seamless.works reasonably well with set top boxes or external media like pendrives, hard disc...READ MORE",3.0
"This is the worse product i have ever seen. It does not have app store to download applications. Moreover with the new update now it is not supporting Youtube app as well which was the only app installed in it.Now this is just a normal TV, please don’t make people fool by calling it Smart TV.I would prefer to set my money on fire rather than buying this kind of product.Customer care is never reachable...Pathetic experience...READ MORE",2.0
I ordered Mi LED TV on 24-Oct-18.Got the product well in time and good packing. I am happy with the quality for the paid price. Certainly you CANNOT compare the picture & sound quality with Sony/Samsung/LG. Go for it. I compared it with VU. VU picture & sound quality is little better.C h e t a nREAD MORE,4.0
TV take 1..2 min to start ...does not have any options to update like YouTube other wise TV is good in this price range .READ MORE,5.0
Mi led. smart TV 4A is very economical and less price. Good quality and free home delivery and installation. I like this very much. Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth not available. Voice search not available like the latest models of the same brand. Playstore not available. Other than that. It's a good tv.READ MORE,4.0
"i bought it for 19500/- in last big billion day sale 2018 , since an year it is running satisfactorily . worth for single penny spent on it .but use hd setup box to enhance experience since sd setup box images gets compromised in big screen due to low resolution of sd setup box picture quality. installation was ok , technician charged nominal amount for wall mounting . at this price segment mi is good also u can opt for vu as it is also nice ,i hve bought both and both are mind-blowingREAD MORE",4.0
vy nice  tv becouse  sound quality vy nice really and picture  quality also good so i m vy happy  from side of my tv.READ MORE,5.0
at this rate product is best and value for money but u cant use netflix on it cz android is of third party and ders no playstore u can install apps from pendrive all other apps runs fine happy with productREAD MORE,4.0
"MI TV Run smoothly.Pic quality is good.sound good.wifi connectivity is also good.Mi tv remote doesn't support some app in tv like xender, share it. Mi should give some update for this tv..like it doesn't support playstore also.haven't bluetooth connectivity.READ MORE",4.0
very nice....thanks MI and flipkart . timely delivery followed by free demo and installation except the wall mounted stand as previously told by flipkart will be charged for rs 499. nice clearity ....READ MORE,5.0
"All is good and as I write every mi products review. Is a good price from the product. But not inbuilt app store from our os like Google play store, MI store, and other frequently application.READ MORE",4.0
"After using 1 and half year  I came for review.........Intro part : I have one S*ny Bravia LED for my living room and purchased this for my bed room (S*ny Bravia mentioned to compare sound)I have connected the TV with wifi (both my phone wifi & home wifi connection), HDMI cable (amazon basics)Pros : Full HD display, However some times it may appear dark, just increase the brightness little bit may be 60 to 75. Then its superb quality.Youtube, Patchwall, Google music everything works su...READ MORE",5.0
"Big tv at good price, comes with remote and small stand too. Wall hanging will cost you more 1500 approx.  sound is decent. pathwall is good feature with lot of songs and couple movies some free some chargrable. YouTube is best as it's connects well to wifi.READ MORE",5.0
"this is the best tv in the world and i recommend everyone to buy it and its best thing is its price,its length is 43 inch and it is a smart tv with fhd only in 25,000READ MORE",5.0
Nice TV. Overall a very good TV at this price. However I would recommend to go for Pro TV with voice control. That will ease your efforts to use TV smartly.READ MORE,4.0
Overall awesome but the wifi speed we get on this tv is very slow ......and everything is superb install thop tv and enjoy every content freeREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this TV to enjoy World Cup 2018. And was really enjoying it till now. Picture quality is really good even the sound is good. At times I had trouble connecting it with Wi-Fi, it would just deny to connect with it. Bought this in April 2018 and as we step in August 2019, all we heard was a sound and the screen turned off. It was not working since then. So I went to Mi store and asked for a repairman. Their service is really good as the repairman came by the very next day. And all he ha...READ MORE",3.0
Value for money but not as good as reputed brands. Picture quality is not so crisp as LG or Samsung or Panasonic or Sony. overall experience is good but if compared side by side with other costly brand or if u have used them previously u can notice the picture quality difference. But if you are shifting from CRT this is best. Disappoints only if compared to costly brands but does well with similar price range TVs.This review is based on my personal use because i have a Panasonic TV and LG TV...READ MORE,4.0
"As budget product you cannot compare the quality with Sony LED or OLED.Picture quality compared with sony is no match.Picture quality as per price is good.I think within 20k 43 inches LED with decent picture quality is appreciated.Hence I gave3 star- picture and built quality2 star- For UI , it could have been better.5 Star- For PriceOverall- 4 starREAD MORE",4.0
very good tv and bcoz of it all the tv makers will give the honest price . so buy only mi product as it give honest price as compare to other companyREAD MORE,5.0
"I got the tv delivered very next day of my order while it was installed within half an hour thanks to jeeves and Flipkart for this lovely experience.Coming to the TV, It sounds amazing loud and clear.Picture quality is great based on pricing while Bluetooth connectivity option could have enhanced the experience of using with other speakers and smart devicesREAD MORE",5.0
I have used this TV for more than a year now and i can say every penny has been totally worth it . 1. the picture quality is good.2. the sound is good.3. sometimes when u run an oustside app it lags but it has happened with me only for 3 times .4. no google play store so u have to install app from outside  by pendrive . There are youtube video's about it so check it out.overall the product has worked nicely and is worth buying.READ MORE,5.0
"Mi LED Smart TV 4A 80 cm (32)I have purchased on Sept 2018 - very good performanceVery good TV.Still no problem (30 May 2020) , super TVREAD MORE",4.0
"I am writing this review after one year of usage of this TV.1-it's picture quality is good..(recommend only Hd set top box) u can see other channels but picture clarity in HD is superb.2-Sound is surprisingly very good (Don't require seperate Home theatre )3-connectivity via WiFi or even mobile hotspot is good.4-Has patchwall software which has inbuilt may options of regional channels,movie,music etc.u can download apps via using pendrive.5- they should have given the option of android ...READ MORE",5.0
"Great picture quality best in the range. UI is very smooth, but to install new software first you have to install a appstore with the help of pendrive. 20W speakers give you enough to boom your house.READ MORE",5.0
After use of 1year.... This tv is best at this price range  best quality.... Best sound system..best picture quality... no any fault... i fully recommend it.READ MORE,5.0
Really very Awesome TV... Sound quality is Too Good.... picture quality is ok......connectivity is very good and also this one is better than mi 4A pro...... Finally satisfied with this product...... delivery and installation is also better....delivered within time...Thnku flipkart and Xiaomi.READ MORE,5.0
"A Very Nice Product Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108cm, Clear vision, sharp quality., Thanks MiREAD MORE",5.0
"Excellent product. Timely and safe delivery with No any damage, Timely installed and demo by MI. Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Nice TV but some vedio formats are not supported. Some apps also not working. Overall good & nice at this budget.READ MORE,5.0
Its good led TV nice picture quality with great sound. This is very good....READ MORE,5.0
TV is awesome and picture quality is mind blowing. connectivity is also fine and you will be able to connect with your mobile also and  will be able to access all the mobile applications. delivery from Flipkart is also very fine. order reached on time and it was in very good condition. installment taken place on scheduled time and the concerned mechanic was very good and professional. overall it is a great product with nice features and price is very reasonable and getting a smart TV on this ...READ MORE,5.0
this product is fine as per the price not so much good and can not be compared with branded tv however this best you can get at this price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
best tv under 25k excellent display yeah sound is not that great but can be considered seeing the 22k price tag . 2 months have passed its working great no problems & soon i'll be getting an update making it Android tvREAD MORE,5.0
"It seems to be really a good TV after 6 months of usage...  internet wifi connection is good.. It fulfills our basic requirements as we use you tube and hot star..picture quality is good as well.. but sound quality is ok..overall for its price segment, this smart TV is good..READ MORE",5.0
"I am purchase MI TV is a excellent budget TV for good clarity, and i thank you very much to flipkat because his order taken from tv delivery at home and fixing TV with in Hours my option MI is TV Value for money,  gooooooood TVVVVVREAD MORE",5.0
Great TV and best in this price range.. screen quality is good . sound is good. overall a good Smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
"Good TV and as per my expectation all features are really good and convenient to use, really nice TV.READ MORE",5.0
Amazing Product Love This Mi LED TV with Amazing new Experience Maza aa gya ekdamREAD MORE,5.0
"i have used this TV for more than a yeari would certainly not recommend it to anyone, as there is no updates are available that would fix the problem of NET_FLIX or Amazon_Prime buying an affordable TV AND ONE CANNOT USE OTHER AFFORDABLE STREAMING SERVICES FOR ONESELF.WHAT AN INNOVATIVE WAY TO SELL A SMART TV . AS USEFUL AS MY OLDER CRT TV.0/5 for the software if you are buying it for the purpose of an LCD monitor then only its useful otherwise you are just buying a so called smart tv in ...READ MORE",1.0
I am reviewing it after using it more than 10 months. So many brands and models of LED TV available in Indian market but MI provides best budget SMART TV. Sound quality is good but picture quality is little bit low. MI can improve picture quality but in this price it's good. Patchwall and overall interface is good. Remote is quite different. It has affordable price and value for money LED TV.READ MORE,5.0
I don't have any word to say about this product amazing we prefer every one to buy this lovely mi led smart tv😘READ MORE,5.0
"The patchwall user interface is just not up to the mark. All the popular apps don't work on this TV e.g. Netflix, Prime Video and other streaming apps. Only hotstar works fine. Even YouTube is resolution limited to 720p you can't play Full HD videos in YouTube. However workarounds are available but they're not stable enough. connectivity wise there are some issues with screencast ,it is not seamless with all the devices.Technical support on applications is minimal from Xiaomi. They should'v...READ MORE",3.0
Nice tv for my office sound qulity very good picture quality full HD and remote of TV very easy to use & installation service very excellentREAD MORE,5.0
l am giving review after 10 months of using this TV . This LED is really good product. But it take more time in installation than delivery. The delivery was very fast .READ MORE,1.0
excellent product and very very good and smart TV MI TV is is  LovelyREAD MORE,5.0
good and options is very good i like this tv. go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Brothers please never by MI TV ... it doesn't have proper connectivity like HDMI ARC/ OPTICAL OUTPUT. after using one year the sound varies picture clarity varies and even remote stops working . my humble request to u guys to stop purchase this productREAD MORE,1.0
Best picture and sound quality. Great product in reasonable price compare to other companies. Good packing and timely delivery by Flipkart. Just love it.READ MORE,5.0
"05.06.2019, Hi, I have purchased Mi TV 43'' in the month of Nov'18. TV is working in good condition, compared to others Mi is best price, good quality.READ MORE",5.0
Very Nice budget Mi LED smart TV 4A 80cm(32)@fter use 1year. 1. Good connectivity 2. Awesome sound quality 3. Picture quality very good.Thanks for Mi LED smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
"Dear friends, I would like to tell you this is a very good TV. It does not make your money best. You can see this TV with a very nice HD channel. This is a very good TV. Its connecting is very fast that reality is very good.  Friends, if you have to take a TV, then think about this TV once a very good TVThe feature of this TV is that in this you can see the full channel by loading the My Gio TV app from Google Apps. You do not have to put DTH or cable because I am doing thisREAD MORE",5.0
my review after three monthpositive:1. looks stylish.2. light weight.3  connect easily with wifinegative:1. takes time to open.2. picture quality is not good even in HD. doesn't seem s HD to me.3. gets pixelate in fast motion.4. Screen is made of plastic. I don't know hot to clean the screen.5. it was 2 star not 3 star as shown in the image.everything else is ok.READ MORE,3.0
"not so good compared to regular top brand, better purchase good one from top BrandREAD MORE",1.0
Very good product packing was good and I'm satisfied this LED TV 👌READ MORE,4.0
"REVIEW AFTER 2 Months OF USErating: 4/5PROS:1.Value of money. You cant even think about a smart TV at this price.   Good sound quality , initially i thought 20 watt speakers are not enough    but they are enough for our small living room.  Patch wall is good and user friendly. You can use it like your phone.   Two USB ports. you can use keyboard or mouse along with HD or Pen drive.   Internet Connectivity is good. once you sign in with a WiFi. it will automatically dectect and connec...READ MORE",4.0
I'm very happy because the picture and sound quality are very good at such a low price . AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Writing this review after several months of use.Pros:- The TV is good considering the price range. - The main thing I like is the Android OS. - Sound is loud and clear.- Viewing angle is also good.- Patchwall UI is on top Android. Patchwall UI is good.- The remote control is small and compact. Cons:- The remote control does not have a mute button which is very much in need. - Xiaomi promised to update the Android OS to version 8.1 but still no update.- Sometimes it gets hang when ...READ MORE,4.0
adding review after 2 weeks of use . good picture quality and sound startup time is little more Everytime you switch on the TV you need to select av input as this tv starts with main interface . connectivity is good even cast with phone is working fine. buillt quality is average tv stands looks okay Jeeves technician brings with him rotatable stand which he charges at around 1800 rs so no need to opt for it even normal wall mount stand is around 400 rs with this guy. no need to wall mount the...READ MORE,5.0
using it for 4 months.so far so good.some of the apps dont work properly or crashes.if you could manage that overall good buy for 11500reREAD MORE,3.0
"This TV is ok.. Connectivity option including WIFI, Screen mirroring from phone, HDMI ports are good. Sound output is also loud if not very clear.But coming to important factor, picture quality thats where this phone struggles. This has LCD display, viewing angles are bad.. colour accuracy is also not that great. screen looks pixelated as compare to my LG TV 32 inches.If picture quality is important better buy VU TV or Sony TV.. If connectivity is important that you can consider this TV.READ MORE",3.0
mi tv is good but not better than micromaxmicromax picture quality is bettr than mi picture quality also sound micromax hve frount sound and surrounding sound in this range micromax is better than miREAD MORE,5.0
it's very awesome selection for purchase this item......I am very glad to purchase it........actually I did purchase 5 pieces of m.i. t.v (32inch-3piece) and (43 inches - 2 pieces) one smart and one android both r best for us.......so if u think to purchase it then go for it........READ MORE,5.0
i buy it in big billion days for 19000 and it is awesome product just go for buy it totally worth to buy such an awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Its been 6 months I am using this tv set and I am extremely satisfied. Picture quality is best and very clear.Sound is ok and not as great but with this price it is good.So I had my own 5.1 channel speakers attached.Connectivity is good. App installed are working fine.To summarize it is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"overall good smart tvit supports Netflix, hotstar, YouTube, and many other apps which is very good,you'll need high speed internet connection approx 2mbps to run all internet videos smoothly, sound quality is decent, so I recommend you to use home theatre picture quality is good according to priceoverall good WiFi connection good mobile cast goodREAD MORE",5.0
Positives: Value for money. Good picture and sound quality. Youtube is available which does the job of having bigger screen playback.Cons : No play store yet so mis leading information given by manufacturer that by 2019 play store should be available.Wifi reception is weak as tv can't capture wifi easily for smooth streaming experience.READ MORE,3.0
Best quality and the wifi connection is best you can also add ur Android lite apps like angry bird and perfect TVREAD MORE,4.0
super smart TV  MI brand  great sound quality  and picture quality good   cheap and BestREAD MORE,5.0
I am writing this after 6 months. I don't want to compare with Sony or other brands as every brand has own unique features. Don't expect everything at this price. Picture and sound quality is very good. Remote control could have been better as this does not have voice control. Wifi connectivity is okay. Patch wall OS needs updates. As promised update for chrome cast is not yet released. Minor update on sound bar was released. Overall I would still say this would be a decent purchase. I don't ...READ MORE,4.0
"tv is best for the price. picture quality is not so good. sound projection is good enough for living room. performance is very decent. compare to cable TV, dish has more picture quality. even at 25k Sony Samsung and lg you can't get these no of options.READ MORE",4.0
Average work value for 11k through pendrive yes good clarity and sound quality OK for 20 + 20 feet room working good for 1080p movies and videos over all good as expectedREAD MORE,4.0
"its excellent Led TV in this price, its smart TV good sound only don't have bluetooth. but good oneREAD MORE",5.0
"Worth cost, it's realty Good vision and HD display. very portable to fix it up House. I really feel very happy to watch mi TV.really amazing prize and product.who ever buy don't worry it's really amazing mi 32inch smart TV.READ MORE",5.0
wow what a tv best tv with in this price range firsrt of all I planned lg 32 tv finally after lot of survey jst tried for this but no words after using this smart TV conctivity is also goosREAD MORE,4.0
i have bought it for sister...she loved it.. firstly it's under budget with great features... .. picture quality is good nd wifi connectivity also goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Amazing product , worth every penny. Must buy product. The clarity is awesome,sound,etc.....................  Thank you Flipkart..READ MORE",5.0
great TV in this price loved it... specially the sound system very good over all nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
"Rubish tv, it’s not that smart as it does not have android so can’t install any apps from play store. It does not even have a external volume or menu control button on the tv.. audio is average.. clarity and colours is good.. I regret buying this.. now I am using amazon fire stick on this tv which makes any tv smart  tvREAD MORE",2.0
Smart TV with good features & very affordable price... perfect buy for middle class budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Its a very worst experience in the name of smart TV.. You couldn't able to play YouTube even without any interruption. The term as smart TV in not a right word for such TV's which cant even engage a minor things.. I am highly disappointed and this is just a TV with little added hard ware units not a smart TV... Pls dont go for this if you seriously looking for a smart TV.READ MORE,2.0
Best TV available in market under this price range u get almost everything what u can think of should be in a tv picture quality is just awesome can be compared with highly recognised brands sound is also great had some issues in connectivity but leaving that apart it is just awesome “JUST GO FOR IT”READ MORE,5.0
"This TV is perfect if u r looking fora decent TV below 25k range.Very much satisfied with performance, great sound and ultimate picture quality.Recommended for purchaseREAD MORE",5.0
"it's simply good,  iam giving review after usage of 5 months,it is good budget breaker and the display quality is not so good but it's ok, i prefer to watch this tv with Hd settop box then sd box and the  volume is very loud?..nice quality sound and one thing that when that time Iam buying this tv flipkart shows all mi tv 4a will get Android 8.1 and also google services in an update but still i didnt get any of these updates very disappointed.... overall it's a good tv ?READ MORE",5.0
Overall a good product. If I'll talk about picture then it is more than average but not upto the mark. Sound quality is very good and colours are sometimes good and sometimes it seems unnatural. The red will not look exactly red black will not look exactly black sometimes. But at this range it's a good buy.READ MORE,4.0
"Althought it's a very good deal for the price but when you ask for a smart TV it has to perform efficiently and needs to be more reliable for example when I plug in my pen drive and start switching between high res. pictures this TV would take at least 3-5 minutes to process the image and display, well 5 minutes would sound very less but in actual state when you and your family are staring at a screen on the wall it becomes awkward. secondly the app limitations life would've been so much easi...READ MORE",3.0
"I bought this TV two months ago my experience is great , viewing angle is good and controls are easy it's great sound and picture quality.READ MORE",5.0
"good product in given price but have to see how long it lasts as generally my old tv lasted for more than 10 years.. I don't think this mi TV will long last... screen brightness always looks very dull... and on normal sd channel it's picture clarity is very bad.,..READ MORE",4.0
IAM using this TV from past 8 months best TV value of money BT this not a complete android TV  it does not support playstore chrome Google play services have to install apps via USB and no Bluetooth connectivity other than this it's awesome TV.READ MORE,3.0
This is a gem in it's price range. Worth buying. Literally I have become a huge fan of MI. Best in class. I don't require a dish TV set-up only to watch. I can simply mirror my mobile screen on my smart TV and watch anything that I can access on my phone. Sound quality excellent. Hassle free and user friendly. But it's not always available in MI official store. Thanks Flipkart who made me own this smart deviceREAD MORE,5.0
"I got this product Delivered on Fri, Mar 15th '19Till now i am using and satisfied in this price ranges it's a good product and I thought no brand would give this price range Experiencing as of now:What i liked :-Remote interaction great Operated very easy for usecolours goodpatchwall nice, working great.multiple ports for required useDTH support fully fast and smoothThere wouldn't be any lag, heating etcsound clarity is nice loudgreat build quality loved itWhat i dn't liked:-...READ MORE",4.0
wow this is awesome 🤙 i recommend everyone for go for this one this one is the best in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"picture clarity is very good ,sound is very good,all function is good , finally its very good productREAD MORE",5.0
"After almost 3months of usage, providing this Review... Picture quality is goodAudio Quality is worst... If you play any Videos from Pendrive, audio lag is happening...If you watch videos from DTH or using in-built youtube, audio system doesn't work good.....If you are looking for but TV under Budget then you can by this...or if you can afford more cost its better to buy any other TV...READ MORE",2.0
picture quality good. sound quality good and TV is so good and best I have thankful to redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Good display and better sound clarity over all goodREAD MORE,5.0
fast and beautiful smooth work good one.READ MORE,3.0
"Picture quality is good, Sound effective is not good better than other television brand.On line mobile connect not happen (ex: mirror not show in TV) cricket seen in online mobile to TV not connectRemote not working ( I'm purchase 6 month  before)READ MORE",4.0
"Overall good product as per the price. Being using this for more than 6 months. But beware of the reviews of comparing this with Sony or Samsung as the picture quality is no where near to them. I have a Sony Bravia 26 inches HD (NOT FULL HD) TV, bought in 2012 and it's color n contrast is still better than MI TV.The picture quality is not so sharp and the dynamic range is not good (the bright areas get so bright that you cannot see the details there just plan white).The tv has plenty of H...READ MORE",3.0
The product its too good within the cheapest budget. looks is too sexy. picture is good enough. but u can't compare with sony or samsung. sound is also good. weight is not heavy.READ MORE,5.0
"Very nice MI led smart TV, sound super clarity, picture clarity superREAD MORE",5.0
very interesting MI LED smart TV 4A very good picture clarity and more featuresREAD MORE,5.0
"I always love mi, and this smart tv is also very good . but go for mi tv 4a pro becoz 4a pro has bluetooth functionality and voice search.and in the last *Aliens are real*READ MORE",4.0
Well i read all the reviews and i bought this television and my honest review is this is amazing to use i haven’t changed my box to hd im still using SD box and im pretty happy with the product there is one draw back the sound is not that great its very sober and lastly there is a hassalment in installing the apps in the tv if you have an iphone i think tv should be compatible with all the phones not just MI phonesREAD MORE,5.0
when comparing to vu... mi is best. The best video and sound quality. Very fast delivery and installation also. thank u Flipkart. Iam very happy with this product.READ MORE,5.0
"overall decent but please note there's a difference between hd ready and full HD ,with this model @720 screen gets pixelated and thus looks weird if ur watching from short distance ,issues with apps like Airtel TV , overall decent product with an average cost to experience ratio.READ MORE",4.0
"Sony Liv app doesnt work well on this TV. Need less to say, other apps also seems to have many bugs.Poor customer support for such concerns.READ MORE",2.0
I have bought it @ no cost emi option so it is best in this price range if u want to more clear pixels then u have to pay more than 3times than mi price. I am fully satisfied in this price.READ MORE,4.0
A excellent product at a great price.But qireless tv sharing is only available with mi phone.Rest everything is outstandingREAD MORE,5.0
The sound quality isn't as good as expected...for best experience one  would need a pair of external speakers as well. Also it works on patchwall os which bis not as supportive as android os.READ MORE,4.0
"Awsome Smart TV, However as promised Mi should give android update. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"hd ready clarity wise it's k ,,but compare fhd choice is betterREAD MORE",3.0
Very nice product but I got this some more cost compare to latest price with upgrades version flipkart is our first choice in more than 6 years good delivery time and best serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Right now this is the best tv in the Indian market. far better than Samsung Sony lg etc. just see the smart os of this tv. just like a pc. great.🤩READ MORE,5.0
"After using 3 months of this product, i am sharing this review. Guys, if you don't have ample amount to buy a good TV then you can definitely go for this.I have bought this in rs 12,499 after discount. Quality is best, Colors are good in this range, Sound is good in this Range.I know this is a tough decision to buy this product, but trust me this is a very good product in this range.Don't think a lot and buy this.There is NO HEATING NO LAGGING. It works very smoothly.Thanks to mi and Tha...READ MORE",5.0
great tv this Price range but soud is average and som features are missing like bluetooth is not available and google voice surch is not available in the remote so plz  available update software redmi team providREAD MORE,4.0
best smart t v  but company not send proper person to give detail of all Functions of this t v for customer ......READ MORE,4.0
"amazing product in best price worth for money...must buy great picture quality, sound quality.m happpy to buy this product .READ MORE",5.0
"a good budget smart TV at this pricegot a good exchange deal so traded it off.picture quality isn't sharp or digital looking, like other HD TV's but is a good decent plasma looking picture qualitysound output is decent as well. at 50-60% volume  it's really good.miracast connectivity is poor and is phone model specific. my oppo works well but moto doesn't connectsmart TV apps are good and love the ease of use, however typing to search anything is boring n cumbersome.may be a keyboa...READ MORE",4.0
nice product worthable than samsung 32000 and worth able prize i suggest lot of members who want smart tvREAD MORE,4.0
"I in love with MI products not just because of its low price range and variety of products.. But because it delivers more than it's expectation. This TV is just amazing. Nice picture quality, good sound, variety of accessibility option and I personally loved the IR blaster technology.READ MORE",5.0
Writing This Review After Using 6 months...1. USING THIS PRODUCT WITHOUT ANY SETOPBOX.2. VERY EASY TO CONNECT IT WITH MOBILE HOTSPOT.3. ALSO SAME COULD BE USED AS MOBILE MIRRORING.4. AFFORDABLE PRICE5. GREAT COLOURS6. LIGHT WEIGHT.@FLIPKARTTHANKS AGAIN FOR THIS PRODUCT ...READ MORE,4.0
amazing....Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm amazing.HD quality super And support all mobile devices internet connection.READ MORE,5.0
You can by these company TV Mi without any further question I am happy with these product I prefer these product best quality for less price and also excellent delivery by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Clarity and sound not enough  for this product west money of smart TV. my suggestion is buy Full HD tv convert it smart tv connect like Chrome TVsREAD MORE,4.0
I am using it from last 1 year.... product is very good at this price....thanks Flipkart and mi...for wonderful smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
good tv for middle class family cheaper and better worth for money and good service and delivery by Flipkart thank uREAD MORE,5.0
I brought this TV one year back now. It works fine best in the prize love u flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"product is good but not best,, picture quality is not very good as per others LED setts. HD technology is not proper.READ MORE",4.0
product is good but doesn't support google chrome cast and google service and dosent have bluetooth remote is not user friendly typing is wore i suggest to buy pro version available at same price which has all missing featureREAD MORE,3.0
Good product. Best picture quality best sound and looks also awesome it's a very value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
"it is a better product with latest feature. but very disappointed  with your courier parter which in Nowwgong.i call him and he told I am not free , I am not able to deliverd your order on time & he said when I am free then I will delivered it which takes 2 to 5 days.plz take some serious actionREAD MORE",4.0
"Excellent, I am using since last 6 months and its working as smooth as it has too. Quality is very good and patchwall OS is user freindly. I recommend this product to everyone who i planning and looking for range budget LED tvREAD MORE",5.0
Mi led 32 inch TV I purches 9day ago this TV was amazing pictures quality and sound is very sharp and connectivity was so fast.....READ MORE,5.0
"Let's look at good things this TV has,1. Display - Best in Class and vivid, Truly HDR quality colors Visual treat to eyes2. Sound - 16W stereo speaker can't expect much from this, could have been better though.3. 4K - I first 4k experience and it was jaw-dropping, I still 4K videos from my pen drive.4. Connectivity - Set Top box, Laptop, Gaming Consoles, Speaker, External HDD, Pendrives and so on.5. External Device - I play content using most of My Hard Disk and pen drive which by the w...READ MORE",5.0
Great product. Value for money. Good picture quality at HD set top box. Purchased on Nov. Till now 6 month completed with zero complaint. I would recommend it.READ MORE,4.0
Mi Led TV is gOOd Display Clarity But sound system very low.. Installation after 10 days waiting... That Is very long timeREAD MORE,3.0
Mi tv is the best perfect price size good n quality is the bestREAD MORE,5.0
I have been using this for 20 days. it's working properly worth of money. picture quality is awesome. sound is not that much good .READ MORE,5.0
super and good quality very nice product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
really I'm happy with this  product picture quality excellent very fast service Flipkart giving to me value for money... I'm happy 😊😊READ MORE,5.0
"Rating: 4/5.Review after 2months usePROS:* Good sound quality, initially I thought 20-watt speakers are not enough but they are enough for a bedroom.* Patch wall is good and user-friendly. You can use it as your phone. * Two USB ports. you can use keyboard/mouse/PD or HDD.* builtin WiFi. once you sign in with a WiFi. it will automatically detect and connect to it.* Hotstar, Youtube, SonyLiv, Zee5, AltBalaji, ErosNow, Hungama Play Pre-Installed. CONs* PlayStore Not Availab...READ MORE",4.0
"First of all thanks to flipkart for giving the excellent TV at affordable price (10% additional discount for said card payments), TV is running perfectly, Screen and sound quality is great in that price.READ MORE",5.0
good productactually i mistakenly ordered this product.its good at this price range.but if your going to buy this one make sure to look for new mi pro version its available at the same price but has lots of other features.pro's : 1.good picture quality2.screen cast3.free movies4.wifi connectivitycons : 1.no Bluetooth2.lesser storage3.lags in screen cast4.sound quality.5.lesser ram6.no playstore.7.etc.if you're looking for buying one of these go for the pro version.READ MORE,4.0
im writting this review after 1 month of use. exellent tv at this price range and great picture quality.light weight and easy to use.sound quality is jst ozmm and thanks 2 flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"Noteworthy Cons:1. Remote works very slowly. literally you'll have to wait for a second or two for response 99% of the times.2. Miracast though a feature given. expect lot of lags and issues. it's as good as no feature3. Though Android TV update is promised in early 2019, there's no sign of it though we're 3 months through 20194. No stable apps are available for Netflix and prime video. Though there's a way to load Netflix app through Aptiode it often crashes.     prime video can only be...READ MORE",4.0
Awesome smart TV at awesome price. Buy this along with sound bar you will have awesome theatre experience.READ MORE,5.0
Value to Money. Gets all the features of a feature rich TV in an affordable price... An upgrade to Google Play Store could add up a lot more to this Smart TV.READ MORE,5.0
"Well when i purchased this product, i had some doubts in my mind coz i didnt exp6such a great product at this price.. I got it  last month and i suggest everyone to go for this one if u eant to buy a smart tv in budger price.. Value for money has to say!!READ MORE",5.0
I  have purchase this smart led TV for 28 feb 19 and it was a best experience.piture and connectivity is very good sound quality is not for good but as per value for tv like good so I suggest go for head.READ MORE,4.0
"TV was delivered on time and with good packaging. Being an old model, some features like play Store are not there. Can mirror effortlessly with Redmi phones which is a plus. Video and sound quality are goodREAD MORE",4.0
although many companies sell cheaper Tv's like this like vu and all but i still trust mi more for they quality they maintain there quality even with cheaper rate and also after sale support is better than other in this range at least now we. can buy bigger tv in budget .. this is good panel sound even with connectivity 4 star overall just because we are getting good quality product in a budget with good sell support..READ MORE,4.0
Good Quality .. Mi is the best Product. .. And Mi tv is more Best.. but this Installation process not available any locationREAD MORE,5.0
good quality and sound system display was good clarity. nice product this budget.  I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
"i got this tv Rs10600/- TV is good on this rate...i am using HD settop box,picture clarity also good with hd settop box...sound also very good...but nearly i wait for one month for mi 4a pro 32inch in flipkart...but after buying mi 4a flipkart released mi 4a pro...is there any possibility now to exchange mi 4a 32 inch to mi 4a pro 32 inch?READ MORE",4.0
"Review after 6 Months Use. Nice Product By MI. Working fine, As per price of Smart TV Best tv in that range. no online app install feature you have to download and install manually by external source. One more panic thing is that HD channels voice is not working when HDMI cable in operation. You have to select Stereo Mode and Comprise voice quality. No Updates yet after 6 months.READ MORE",5.0
tv is good overall good experience cost wise best optionREAD MORE,5.0
this so good I like this tv so much sounds is good connection is goodREAD MORE,5.0
thought was very good clarity was super but today voice was not coming what happened we don't even know looking for help from flipkart kindly returnREAD MORE,5.0
TV was delivered in a good and unopened package. TV have nice features and was able to connect to WiFi successfully and was able to stream movies and videos easily.READ MORE,5.0
good led smart TV for good price but sound don't like.READ MORE,4.0
"It is a budget smart TV provided by MI. Picture quality is just okay. because viewing angles are bad. if you try to see from side angles, colors look diminished. Its not Full HD but HD ready, accordingly image resolution and pixel density is less. however, at this price you won't get smart TV in any other brand. installing apps is a bit tricky. There's no play store. so initially you will have to install few apps via usb. you can also install aptoideTV app. it does the work of playstore for ...READ MORE",3.0
Thanks MI for this product. I must say this product is best value for money. Special thanks to flipkart for Safe and On-time Delivery..Pros. and Cons.1. Superb picture quality2. The 1080p video is playing very smooth and very clear.3. User Interface is very simple4. Sound quality I may not say the best but on this price range it is good comparing other brands.5. Playback through cast screen is little bit slow for some devices but I can say it's not a big issue because its USB playback...READ MORE,4.0
"First of all very fast delivery by flipkart. So thanks flipkart.Now coming on Mi TV . It is best tv in this range.Picture quality is awesome and sound is too good.Connectivity is also good.One problem with screen sharing, picture is not playing good with other than Mi phones.READ MORE",5.0
very easy to use. colour are very good. multiple ports are given. no lag no hang no heating. sound clarity is good and loud. Great build quality. Awesome smart TV in budget rate. I am happy for that.READ MORE,5.0
"One month and counting since delivery and installation. Decent budget TV. Delivery was fast, packaging satisfactory, installation guy was professional. Picture quality and sound decent as per it's price. Only problem is when screen mirroring and playing fast higher quality videos picture not smooth as in freezes and statics. That may be due to lower screen refresh rate? Not much of a techie person I might be wrong. Also system says requires flash player for playing video files through USB. Ot...READ MORE",4.0
"Does its work well, TV is really worth at this price.  As it is a smart tv, many to do with it.READ MORE",5.0
"The tv is very nice. The picture and sound quality is good but the mi led tv does not have VGA port, so you can not connect your personal computer to led tv with VGA cable. Kindly think before buying. Overall everything is wright.READ MORE",4.0
"Better sound, best picture quality and amazing specs at this unbeatable price range.. It offers good connectivity multiple ports.. And also better  installation service provided..READ MORE",5.0
nice product and very good service and very very good delivery  for e kart delivery boy for product open policy very nice good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Product in budget. Picture quality excellent, Sound quality not so good, Processing is ok not very good not too slow, Videos played by USB is Excellent. Over all Good product which is in budget.READ MORE",5.0
"It's too unreal given the price. All you need is good internet and it's some entertainment, without even having any proper subscriptions. The OS is decent and Android based so no issues there. It was a good buy at anything less than 12500.READ MORE",5.0
"After 4 months of detailed observation., Here is categorised review1. Sound is OK. for total closed environment., it works fine. But little bit of open environment., Unable to hear sound properly unless increasing volume. Dialog clarity is not so good.2. Video Quality is decent. Pretty much detailed what you can expect from this budget TV`s3. Does not support bluetoothBe known before purchasing this productREAD MORE",3.0
"After 4 months of detailed observation., Here is categorised review1. Sound is OK. for total closed environment., it works fine. But little bit of open environment., Unable to hear sound properly unless increasing volume.2. Video Quality is decent. Pretty much detailed what you can expect from this budget TV`s3. Software is the only major concern while buying this TV.     - Even though it is made of Android OREO. Play store is not available       - Even on installing APK files., most of...READ MORE",3.0
nice TV shows in this range ..but picture quality is not such good compared to full HD TV .and mkv video file is not supporting .but value for money you may go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice smart TV at a low price.. Easy to handle, light weight, easy to operate....READ MORE",5.0
This is the best thing you can get at this price range. All the features are quite good as of now. Let's see how it comes out with time. A good Product to buy though.READ MORE,5.0
Good product in budget.But sound system can be still improve.Connecting to smartphone through wireless connectivity is not feasible with all Android's. It working good : only for mi phone.READ MORE,4.0
no bluetooth or sound quality is good but not best and picture quality is good not very goodREAD MORE,3.0
"Best in this price. Sound quality amazing. Picture quality good , but require upgradation. Connectivity is not easy. Connection option should appear as open tv. Then one should choose the available connection what I wish .READ MORE",4.0
Awesome purchase at this price! Easy to use and no complexity. Its simply brilliant. Picture quality is not like  Sony or Panasonic but for the cost it is okay.READ MORE,5.0
Picture clarity is not good and not even like basic portable TV. Please help me if there is any settings to be changed to get better picture clarity.READ MORE,2.0
Very nice TV it looking so glossy and clarity also very good nice sound quality picture quality also very good i like it... thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"prompt delivery and same day installation, one more nice experience with Flipkart. product looks good for the money. overall good experienceREAD MORE",5.0
"jio tv not supporting on 32inch variant. hope tht it will fix soon .otherwise sound quality is upto benchmark screen resolution is better as expected earlier. lookwise topclasa, overall value for money and good one to purchase .READ MORE",5.0
Technician way of approach is not good since fitting of TV is our comfort but he is not accepted and asked to purchase TV stand as his comfort other wise he said that waranter not aplicable . for that we spend almost 1600 additional cost. then what is the use of warranty.READ MORE,2.0
very good product and nice quality pictures best sound quality I love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Outstanding Smart TV on this price, Thks flipkart for selling & serving such TV. I recommend to all of u buy this tv, but in the mean time the picture Quality is in average mode. And I again thks flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
It is a good product a big television 43in with this price of around 17000... better than my old 32in Sony tv which worked for only 14 months which costs 38700READ MORE,5.0
Everything is good bt installation engineer had not provided good T.V Mounting stand Also they had taken more charges Rs400. Even Flipkart is offering Good Quality Stand Of Rs 169.READ MORE,3.0
"Highly recommended to all.After using 3 consecutive month I just loved thisTV and brand MI tv,MI is the leading and well known brand in Smart phone maket in india,same as in TV market its should be lead with in 1 to 2 years.At this price(I bought this only 12,499 INR) range 32 inchi HD 720P picture quality just fab. Both 10w speakers just good and its wifi connectivity its the special features in this price range ....its made with very good plastic . It have screen mirror facilitiesI rate...READ MORE",5.0
It's awesome 😍😍 i love it and it's picture and sound quality is so good and also you can connect it with your mi mobile phone 👈👈💪READ MORE,4.0
"i am overall happy with this tv. good sound quality, good picture, faced some issues while installing an app. otherwise every other features are perfect  within 12500/- that's all u can get. best buyREAD MORE",5.0
"in this price worth it.  but if u r going for very good picture quality like Samsung,Lg its not for you. best part features are very high at this price.READ MORE",3.0
"good but not so much,picture clarity Good,but picture quality is not good it looks like punchy,overall TV is so good but I am not happy with it's picture quality and sound quality.Flipkart delivery service and installation services are very nice.thankyou Flipkart.one thing that playstore is not available.READ MORE",3.0
value for money very good TV MI smart TV the best brand of Smart TV lowest priceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very very superb TV.. With low budget amazing presentation.. Delivered with in one day.. A smart consumer friendly budget.READ MORE,5.0
Very Good Product and worth of the Mi LED smartREAD MORE,4.0
"It's perfect TV with elegant display, effective sound and sleek look. Pricing is just icing on the cake. Overall, an extremely satisfying experience.READ MORE",5.0
Better then any other company's led.Hd ready+Android apps+great price=Mi led 4aunder 12499 this is best that you can buy.In the end I can only say that it is better than you think.READ MORE,5.0
5 out of 5. very reasonable price. best for your bedrooms. like the features just like an android device. ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Great experience. fast installation service. best TV at this price. better than LG or Samsung though you can't compare with Sony. Xiaomi should include battery, IR bluster and TV stand in the package. there are few cons in this TV as well. firstly no Bluetooth so you won't be able to connect Bluetooth headphones. no Bluetooth remote like the 4k version. incomplete OS, must have pre-installed playstore and some useful apps. other than these everything is too good.READ MORE",5.0
"Hi sir, We are order the television become mi led smart tv 4A 108cm. But we were choosen the 4A pro.. so if u please consider my request to change the TV through Mi LED smart Tv  4A pro. Please kindly needful an urgent reply..READ MORE",5.0
"After Using 15 year old onida CRT TV I buy new mi  4a 32 smart led tv , picture quality is good if you use HD settop box I am using free dish TV so quality is average. connect tv to mobile is simple and smooth I buy it with offer it cost me 11049 rs so I m happy with quality.READ MORE",4.0
Fabulous smart TV in this price range.There is no comparison of this MI product to all available products in this price band.It is ULTIMATE smart TV really appreciative and must buy.good sound quality.clear vision HD supported and many more to say for this.READ MORE,5.0
black is black only. I was not able to connect speakers/home theater. To connect you need to buy a separate cable. Remote is not so good and for typing it's not so easier. even though worth buying it at this cost. Am enjoying. Waiting for the new update. inbuilt youtube works fine.READ MORE,4.0
if anyone want a nice smart T V  at an affordable price. this is best choice...... keep it up mi & thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Flipkart good service for installation, great response. good delivery, and I am happy. and it's worth of money.READ MORE",4.0
Best LED and super sound and picture so I am happy MIREAD MORE,4.0
"FAST DELIVERY AND FAST INSTALLATIONFlipkart service is very good.... I ordered MI 32 inches for my home, it's a village... It's a remote area... I thought there is Delivery will not be available... But for my area delivery is available... Delivery was completed before expected date... Demo& Installation also completed within one day... I like flipkart services...Product also good... There is no physical demage... I am writing this review after using one month... TV working fine... No prob...READ MORE",5.0
very good product.. thanks flipcart and mi for the service to my rural village as well .. it was awesome experience with delivery and demo..READ MORE,5.0
Great experience! very very loved it. Satisfied customer given by flipkart. thank you so much. I could have buy more this app. 😍😍😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Well first if your budget is low then this is the best smart tv you can get. Sound is good. Visual quality is kindof okay. Have been using for a few days and so far its goodREAD MORE,4.0
what a great work by MI Company. I just waited for 20 days to make my review and I am fully satisfied with it. If anyone is willing to buy it just don't have any hesitation. Just place ur order and enjoy ur day.READ MORE,5.0
best smart tv under 15k you can extend Warranty 2 year. I i bought this smart tv on flipkart tv days offer. amazing quality from mi. sound is very bedt like a theaterREAD MORE,5.0
"1. Flipkart -Pros - Next day Delivery, Installation within 4 hrs, value for money with good exchange offer.cons - No wall mount provided, meaning partnering with installation service provider and collecting 399/- for wall mount. (indirectly saying free installation)2. TV - Superb sound, picture quality not good as expected.  (executive said only HD connection will work nice). star rating label says 2star energy saving, in old model same Power consumption (66kwh/yr)  given 3 star.READ MORE",5.0
for such a price all good but not proper android play store so app support is less.READ MORE,3.0
"At the price we are paying is really worth. I know that there are other brands which are better but trust me MI tried it's best to deliver the same to the customers. Picture and sound quality is fine as you don't have to compare at the price. You will not regret buying this. I'm using Sony for their TV. I didn't find any major drawback in MI comparing to Sony. Remote is the only part, which needs to be corrected.READ MORE",5.0
Color contrast expecting more.bluetooth not available...sound is awesome...remote not having numbers which v r not able to use in IR sensor very well ...hard disk works fine for 2 TB...andriod update not yet received ....worth for money..READ MORE,3.0
This is the best LED TV in this price. It's picture quality is great but sound quality is good but not great but we can get a smart LED TV in this price it is a great thing.?READ MORE,5.0
Mi TV is good and good value for the money I got this in bbd day with good price and very happy with TV and I will surely recommend everyone within the budget TV with all features except the Bluetooth connectivity and may be the feature present in the other models. I am really satisfied with the TVREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing product by MI and I bought it in 20300 in sales with extra 2 year warranty... could you believe 43"" smart full HD LED TV in this priceREAD MORE",5.0
"5 star for TV, it is worth the price.. Picture quality is awesome and so the sound quality. Easy to connect Wi-Fi and screen mirroring. 0 star for installation, after many follow up they didn't install the ? and I had get it done by ownREAD MORE",5.0
"Nice experience with mi products, so I ordered Mi TV. Now this LED TV make me feel extremely happy. super features. super sound quality, super picture quality, all smart  TV function working superbly. Hats off for MI company..READ MORE",5.0
Nice product. I very happy when received led. I am compare from  other led and found best led in my budget . And received safe condition. But packing received very weak condition.READ MORE,4.0
this product is a great and effective price very good MI thank youREAD MORE,4.0
except picture quality its worth for ur money... der r some other brands like vu provides better picture quality at dis same price range. but if u r concerned about brand name go for MI it will b a great show for ur guest roomREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent service. I received the TV in right time &  the service engineer installed the TV in the same day. So I am really very happy with your service.READ MORE,5.0
"Good Tv @ This price.1. Sound Quality is loud and clear.2. Connectivity - Hot star, You tube works flawlessly. 3. descent HD video quality but not good for SD channels as picture blurds.READ MORE",3.0
The display quality according to the price is very good the sound could have been bit better all over its just an amazing package in this price would recommend this to all people reading this is the best you can get in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound : 10/10 really very loud and crystal clear.Performance : 9/10 lags a bit while multitasking.Display : 6.5/10.Features : 10/10 PROS:1.Value of money. You cant even think about a smart TV at this price.( i am not considering iffalcon, kevin ,vu or any other kind of alternate)2.Good sound quality , initially i thought 20 watt speakers are not enough but they are enough for our small living room.3. Patch wall is good and user friendly. You can use it like your phone. 4. Two US...READ MORE",5.0
Delivery took 10 days. MI used to show disclaimer under this product page that it would get ideal update and chrome cast built in by Jan 2019. leave about chrome cast but they did not even give Oreo update yet. Nor any official news update by them. Which clearly makes me leave my trust in MI Brand.READ MORE,1.0
If HD means good ..for SD not good this TV.. overall very good this TV ..READ MORE,5.0
"This is the best Led tv in this price. Excellent sound & connectivity, picture quality is also good. So go for it...READ MORE",5.0
TV is Soo good ND audio also value for money 12500Jeeves installation team is very supportive...I don't know Tamil but their response was too good above my limitactually I don't have any battery that installation team gone ND purchased 2 batteries ND installed TV really awesome so it's a definitely 5 star for over allREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent pic and sound qualityRates are very reasonable I likes very much this LEDREAD MORE,5.0
good worth for money!!!the best smart TV for the lowest badchet ppl can buyREAD MORE,5.0
Iam writing this review after 3 months of Usage..  it's awesome TV with all compatibilities in lower cost..  Anyone can go for it.. Smart TV at cheaper cost..READ MORE,5.0
"Amazing picture quality is good ,sound very nice totally superREAD MORE",5.0
"It's a very good led smart , I am very very happyREAD MORE",5.0
VERY NICE LED SO VERY HAPPY LOW PRICE LED SMART NICEREAD MORE,5.0
BEST PRODUCT FOR THIS RANGE                                                           PICTURE QUALITY IS ALSO GOOD.SOUND QUALITY IS SUPERB FOR A SINGLE ROOM...                                                                          ALMOST NO ISSUE WITH SOFTWARE MEANS WORKING OF INTERNAL PARTS ARE SMOOTH.....SOMETHING TO BE CLAIM IS REMOTE HAS NO MUTE OPTION AND OTHERWISE IT IS EASY TO USE AS IT HAS NO ANY EXTRA BUTTON LIKE OTHEBUTRS BUT IN MY OPINION MUTE BUTTON SHOULD BE THERE       ..........READ MORE,5.0
good value for money product. it has good wifi connectivity.picture quality is really good when it comes to hd and sound quality is also amazingREAD MORE,5.0
"Getting this product delivered in a professional and safe manner makes me purchase the electronic items from Flipkart. Thank you Flipkart, Courier Service Guys, and the installation Guy. Keep the good work.READ MORE",5.0
"Goods:    Excellent TV and amazing picture quality. Worth every penny.. Now the price has been reduced to 12,400. DTH streaming is very fast. Inbuilt apps like YouTube etc to stream online content... Sound quality is excellent..                                                                                         Cons:   no mute button in remote.. No play store instead you can install Aptoide and install the apps.. No dual screen facility to view contents...now they have released Pro versio...READ MORE",5.0
"1) Screen Mirroring is not working properly 2) MI IR cable is also not supporting properly because  when i switched on TV, set top box configuration needs to be done every time. 3) In built installed You tube app is also not working properly 4) TV remote is not supporting in all externally installed applicationREAD MORE",3.0
"at my point i disliked due to sound and tv doesn't on  automatically when we switch on, we need remote to on tv,  me and my friend buy mi and vu 32(no smart), for sound vu is perfectly best, and mi sound not worthy to hear, mi picture is also  worest of worst at sd cable network , picture good at patchwal home only, if you buy this tv you need Hd connection compulsory, and 400 rs wall mount is a slate like, it doesn't use at least 1% usrs, you have to pay 1800 for wall mount.. better you buy ...READ MORE",2.0
bought this TV from Flipkart before a month and it's really worth for money . The features and the clarity is just awesome.  I like the quick delivery and installation service from Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
MI LED smart TV 80 centimetres of superb just now so nice and connectivity of Miracast also superb recently I updated TV a nice song was literally problem and demo installation also niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice smart Led TV, very good look, great picture & value for money.. Overall Awesome TV..I'm fully satisfied.. Thanks to flipcart time of delivery..READ MORE",5.0
very bad quality Evan sound quality is not good he is saying it is dollly sound but it is not good quality of sound picture quality is very poor I sugguest don't buy 32 and 43 in MI it is fare better on Samsung or vise led TV my suggestion is dont buy this led west of money...READ MORE,1.0
Good luck this dilebri boy and good and good spich fantastic workREAD MORE,5.0
The product is nice. Totally satisfied with the display and it's viewing angles. Totally value for money. I think it would be the best if RAM should be at least 2gb in case of 1gb and it should have good processor. I faced one problem- I did not get any service engineer in my area so I had to open my tv box at my own risk and the tv was perfectly fine.READ MORE,4.0
MI led tv is very good and quality also good and flipkart service is very good.But Google play not available on tv.READ MORE,4.0
Best led with awesome feture...you tube hotstar and more option like a smart phone...thaks xiomi...and thank flipkart for providing me a very good service...READ MORE,5.0
excellent product . i am very happy with thus product. its value of product.i would like to say thanks for flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
"I think there is no comparison of this led with another company ledbecause  value off money ,good picture quality, good sound quality, connectivity is great so think this led is the best led in all companyREAD MORE",5.0
( ONE - POINT PLAY STORE NOT INSTALLED VAI PENDRIVE AND ONLINE )OTHER WISEGOOD QUALITY....GOOD SOUND....GOOD BRAND....AND GOOD PRICE....ONE AND ONE ONLY MI...BUT DEMO IS NOT GOOD....BY ENGINEER...ONLY ONE DROPBACK LED PANNEL KEY NOT AVAILABLE...BUT LED IS VERY GOOD...VALUE FOR MONEY....READ MORE,5.0
"I have seen my friend use this product before. It is a good product to have as a second TV. I have recently purchased the TV and noticed something which I wanted to share. All other reviews on flipkart with pics show that the TV is having 3 stars bee rating. Also in some reviews it's noticeable that the brand name is xiaomi, bee rating is for the period 01/01/2016 to 31/12/2018, TV type is lcd and model is 2019, the label also shows the iec standards under which the product was checked. Now I...READ MORE",4.0
Very fast delivery low valuable price Thx flip kart awesome sound qualitynow playstore also supportREAD MORE,5.0
"Liked the TV, installation service was alright, engineer said the only wall mount option was for 1500 Rs as cheaper ones were not available anymore. Had to settle for table top installation.READ MORE",3.0
Awsome product and worth. The best smart tv ever within this cost. Thank u MI and thank you flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Really Good and worth for money,Good service from Flipkart.we are very happy with the product as well as service.READ MORE",5.0
TV is good but the remote should have all functions like muting etc... just a good TV but not the remote...READ MORE,3.0
"Does not support videos more than 1080px.It’s not android tv it’s a android smart tv only, no feature of play store.Other than this everything is perfect, best smart tv ever seen.READ MORE",4.0
"Review after almost two weeks of usage. Picture quality is average well in this price point i can't complain about it. Sound is good loud and clear. Now comes to smart feature of led. Well interface is pity much flat. Led gets struck on loading data in background if internet connection is slow , remote provided with it stops working completely to avoid such case i disconnected it from wifi. When you turn on the power from electrical socket LED indicator beneath it does not turn on. I got worr...READ MORE",4.0
"Writing review with 7 days of extensive use :)Brought Mi 4A 32inch smart TV (2019) edition.Felt price is decent enough.Display - Felt display appearance and clarity are worth for money. Not sure few reviews about true colours, and backend technology used. So it all matters for durability. But for this price I don’t we can expect anything more than this.Sound - Its clear and loud. Very good for movies/news/videos etc. But not impressed with music as there are no special effect options. Ev...READ MORE",3.0
Best product for middle class family. Excellent led in this price picture quality should be improved. In this I think the best television in Indian market.READ MORE,4.0
"Flipkart delivery timining is Awesome even my account is not plus but still they have delivered 2 day before their delivery date.now Quality of packaging is also good .coming to the built quality I am not so happy with the plastic used,it is a smart tv still selling in such a scallable price range is quite appreciable .Overall if budget is in between 10k to 15k ,we should not think any thing elseREAD MORE",4.0
"One of the best product in Mi tv, good sound and good picture overall good performance. Am happy with this product. Only dissappoint is installation is too lateREAD MORE",4.0
super tv very easy to use good looking very slime super best of coastREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome smart tv in low budget , superb features available in this tv , I am very to this Mi TVREAD MORE",5.0
1. Biggest disadvantage is iPhone is not supporting.2. No idea which pendrive is supporting in this TV technicians told its support 2.0 v pendrive.TV is good screen quality is good resulation picture sounds all are good.I’m not happy because ios is not supportingREAD MORE,3.0
"Good TV not the best but good. Pricture quality is good. But it is LCD panel With LED Backlight. Connectivity with MI products are really fast than other brand products. Delivery packing was not good. Installation was within 2 days according to my time suitability. Sound quality is clear and loud, no need of extra speakers. Internet Connectivity is good. No lag till now. U have to pay ₹499 for wall mount and ₹199 for set top box IR cable (if required). Again at this price range everything is ...READ MORE",5.0
"Delivered the item on 28 January 2019 three days advance as scheduled delivery date. Excellent delivery service. As a new item and trusted brand, its working properly and not finding any technical issues.READ MORE",5.0
best led smart tv with smart budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is not good. It's below Average.But, with respect to price.It is value for money. In Big Billion Sale Oct 2018 , I got 19700, this 43 inch tv.Pretty good rate.  Using it from 3 months. Till now it's good.Total Rating I would rate 3.5/5.  Cons . Only Power Button is on TV. If the remote gets damaged. One will suffer. I took it taking risk. Hope it works for few years.READ MORE",3.0
mi led smart tv 4a 80 cm is very good in this rate and much more experience like android phone. i like itREAD MORE,5.0
awesome mi tv .....and most  attractive.... iam satisfied this led tv ... very good quality very fast delivery.... thanks MI 😘READ MORE,5.0
"An excellent buy, reviewing after using this for 3 months. The price is phenomenal for what you get, the picture quality is good, sound is more than sufficient, HD content plays great.Although the lack of play store and google play services may hinder some apps, but you can use the Aptiode TV playstore for any apps. In case you don't find the necessary apps there simply upload the APK files to the tv. Don't compare this to a Sony or Samsung as they would cost you in multiples of this TV with...READ MORE",5.0
"The Mi smart TV 32 is undoubtedly value for money, given all it's features..however I have yet to explore it more to appreciate its pros and cons!READ MORE",4.0
"The TV set is delivered within 2 days and on the next day the expert team arrived and installed the TV and explained the features of the TV. Picture quality is fine sound system O.K. But there is no android OS  installed. A new PATCHWALL is pre installed.But after giving internet connection you tube and hotstar were installed automatically. if we want to install games it should be done manually. Though there is a option for external speakers, it does not work I couldn't connect my 5.1 home th...READ MORE",4.0
Awesome product 😍 . wireless connection is available .& v can download the apps directly in smart TV..it's just fabulousREAD MORE,5.0
I m very disappointed with TV clearity it's hd ready no worth of money. instead of this TV may b i can buy a full hd mobile in this price range.... my old crt TV is better then this...READ MORE,1.0
It’s really worth and and a  smart tv for higher and clear pictures quality view and it’s looks pretty classy smart tv and I feels it’s awesome 👍mi India 🇮🇳READ MORE,5.0
It's really a good LED in reasonable price. Value for money and a great purchase..READ MORE,5.0
so beautiful TV I am impress so good look smart TV so beautiful picture best sound picture quality thank FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"This is a terrific TV and full value for money. The only thing I say is not upto the mark is that this TV doesn't have Google Playstore built-in for installing apps. Flipkart falsely advertised during the Big Billion Days Sale that this TV will get Android Oreo, Playstore and Chromecast in early 2019. However they have now removed this statement from the specifications. So a lot of customers like me are confused as to what we should expect for this. Even if they don't give Oreo update, it's s...READ MORE",4.0
picture quality is good but this tv realy put stress on your eyes.. i get easily exhausted even after watching 30 minutes straight.. so be careful if your kid is watching it for long period.. another cons is its sound quality.. not good at all so thumbs down for it..connectivity and feature wise this tv is quite good..  so if you are looking for low budget smart tv mis good for you... but if you looking for better experience then go for better brand like sony or samsungREAD MORE,5.0
A great product for the money spent. An ideal television for a space of 10x10 foot room. I've wall mounted the TV and it's perfect enough for the space I have.READ MORE,5.0
"Thanx for introduced me to mi . I like it so much it comes with vry high clear picture quality with HD box nice sound system and nice storage, and internet connectivity, it also work on low voltage n next time plz try to upgrade it with bluethoothREAD MORE",5.0
this tv is the best at this price segment..pros:1. great connectivity.2. Impressive picture and sound quality.3. Build quality is good so it does not feel cheap and4. OS is also upto the mark.cons:  I've noticed only two cons.. 1. bleeding can be observed in the edges when any dark kind of videos play. This can be reduced significantly by adjusting the brightness and contrast.2. does not support playstore..but it has apptoid tv which does the job to some extent.READ MORE,4.0
THIS IS ONLY SMART LED ITS NOT FULLY SMART AND NOT HAVE IN THIS YOUTUBE AND GOOGLE ALSO ONLY HAVE OWN BROSWER OF MI COMAPNY SO WE CAN ONLY SCREEN SHARE. SO HAVE THINK ONCE TIME AFTER PURCHASEING BUT PICTURE AND SOUND IS GOOD / I AM HAPPY WITH THIS MI TV BRAND BUT LITTLE GOT PROBLEMREAD MORE,3.0
it's great quality Television having great sound and picture qaulity I looked upon the reviews and finally purchased the TV and happy after using it has lots of features which makes this TV fabREAD MORE,4.0
"just after 3 months tv has stopped working, and even after registering complaints with Xiaomi 20 days back yet they were not able to repair it...buy from local offline stores and don't buy Chinese company products better prefer samsung or lg or any non chinese brands...thats the lesson i learned after buying a Xiaomi product....hope this review help you to make a better decisionREAD MORE",1.0
"Superb product in price way.. quality way.. & looking very smart in all available of this remaing companies product.. Best wishes to """"*MI - Company """"** .. Thanks to Launch to common man available price to Indian People.. we expect to provide and Make all these like Gud home apliances products in this quality & price .... Once again Thanqu So much.....READ MORE",5.0
Super LEDTV is worth and service from Jeeves and technician  HIS NAME MR KHWAJA SAIT also well and good knowledge technician am fully satisfyREAD MORE,5.0
"It is a good budget Smart TV. It is a Internet Tv but not a Android TV. It does not Support Google Play.Otherwise Display, Sound quality is very good.READ MORE",4.0
"1.Everything is good as Expected 2.value for money 3. some applications won't work as Google play store is not available ,hope that will be Resolved with future updatesREAD MORE",4.0
"Good product under this price..  Only con I found is that during mira cast, sound is not clear when we play media. Otherwise, super product from xiomi.READ MORE",5.0
1 Year over. LED display is Gone. Luckily i have taken 2 years extended warranty from flipkart protect but the third party company i.e. JEEVES is a WASTE. They just keep rescheduling my appointment and are not ready to visit. Dont ever take extended warranty from JEEVES.READ MORE,1.0
super led i love mi product very easy to useREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent fast delivery in two days and customer friendly installation within one day.... awesome.Mi TV is thumbs up! Best value for money. The picture, the viewing Angle all good. Built-in WiFi Rocks! Mi remote works fluently in Note 5 pro. Good sound. Patchwall OS good. UI is speedy. Hotstar, YouTube, Hungama Play, Eros now, Zee 5, etc.Play store needed. Waiting for Oreo Update. More apps needed. No AV Out option.Remote built quality could have been better, feels light plastic. Settle f...READ MORE",4.0
"Pros:1. Good picture quality , one could get better picture quality by spending more.2. good, loud and clear sound quality3. With externally installed media player you can play videos with almost any extensionCons:1. very limited apps available on app stores 2. typing takes too much time as remote does not have keypad3. you cannot cast videos from apps like voot , hotstar etc using Miracast . it just shows a black screen with audio outputREAD MORE",5.0
very excellent product and good sounds videos r excellent totally nice and good prouductREAD MORE,5.0
good TV in this price range. It is 2 months old now and it is perfectly fineREAD MORE,5.0
"Few black patches on display. No service center in howrah west bengal. all the contact numbers, provided by flipkart helpline, are mobile phone  service center.Helpline executives are much more interested in getting the conversation ranked with 4 or 5, rather giving the correct information. Thinking, hadn't made mistake buying mi led smart tv OR VERY SMART TVREAD MORE",1.0
"TV IS GOOD BUT IN PICTURE QUALITY IFFALCON IS BETTER , BUT I CHOOSE THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE IT CONTAIN MORE USB PORT THAN IFFALCON ,SELLER IS NOT GOOD ITS DELIVERY IS ALSO BAD BECAUSE MY TV WHIXH CAME AT MY ADDRESS IS CONFIRMED BY SELLER BUT AFTER THAT SOME DAY IT WAS CANCEL IT AND MI ALSO NOT SERVERS MOST OF CITY WHICH IS COVERED BY OTHER BRANDS THEY DONT INCREASE THEIR MARKETING TO NEE PLACE AND ITS CUSTOMER CARE IS ALSO NOT GOOD JEEVES WHICH WARRENTY IS GIVEN BY AT PRISE 899 IS ALSO...READ MORE",2.0
very good quality and good sound and clarity is very clearREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product value for money... nice video quality and good sound,and connectivity is also very good and cast screen is also working good.overall nice and smart product value for money .Delivery and installation is also nice.🙂🙂👍👍READ MORE",5.0
best song quality best display  best HD channel best price 4.5 starREAD MORE,4.0
43 inches LED awesome good performers in HD quality  sound perfectREAD MORE,4.0
Low budget led smart tv thank you so much mi for such great ptoduct given in marketREAD MORE,3.0
MI smart LED TV is good at an affordable cost.using for the past 1 month. feeling good to visualize in it. flipkart delivered as expected on time and good serviceREAD MORE,4.0
Been using for 1 year... the best Smart TV with the best UI experience available in market! Go for it!READ MORE,4.0
I have purchase MI Led smart tv. I am satisfy with the product. Good picture and sound quality with advance features. Product is just paisa VasoolREAD MORE,5.0
"Using this from Dec18 (almost 7 months)1. Still no Android update or the Google Playstore update.2. While auto-updating, TV attacked with a virus, said said by the technician who came to repair the software in May19.Used for 5 months:1. Remember - No Google Play Store.2. Installation process keeps on delaying from Jeeves Customer Service.3. If picture quality is important to you, do not buy this. Instead go for better brands.4. Decent web content (Patchwall). But many of them need to ...READ MORE",2.0
"Great buy , Value for money .. and excellent service for installation and delievry  .. best among all smart tvsREAD MORE",5.0
"this is very good product at this price,but main thing is we can't say it is fully smart TV why because we can't directly interact with any web site,or you tube directly with WiFi connection.One more thing through Mira cast app we can watch you tube or anything through screen sharing of mobile.Throgh patch wall we could see what ever pre installed stuff and updated stuff is quiet limited.If anyone wants to buy fully loaded smart TV better to go another model in mi or other brands.Picture qual...READ MORE",3.0
"Black colour is not accurate as it should be, you can easily see the difference that the exact black is not available but you'll get habitual of that, not a big issue. The real thing is that, MI TVs are unable to play the .mkv file as well as the wireless is very poor.READ MORE",4.0
"I've been using this tv for last three months ! and it works great for me ! picture quality is decent ! sound quality is good ! viewing angle is also pretty decent ! the only reason i gave 4* is that Google service update is not released yet! at the end i can say that in this budget this tv is best , in terms of quality ! and trustable brandREAD MORE",4.0
awesome products very nice valuable of money I suggest to people for MI Led TV it's a really good product very good picture quality and sound is nice.READ MORE,5.0
Best smart TV at this price range .. Awesome experience .. Wish it was full HD instead of HD ready and would have been perfect if play store was available .. nonetheless there are other options to install apps .. so overall I would recommend this TV to all who have the budget around 12-15K..Thanks RedmiREAD MORE,5.0
Best product super led and best priceREAD MORE,4.0
"As promised by flipkart,  delivered the product on time & service engineer also scheduled on same day.  It's just an awesome to have an cost effective + time consuming service at a time.  Thanks to all who are behind this first moving policy.  Hope further gonna get same kinds of services.READ MORE",5.0
"good clarity & better sound in this price ..But while starting any online app,like YouTube,terrarium,sunnxt,hotsta,JioTV,...Takes too much of time for the the initial loading of video buffer.but after that video runs smoothly with high quality,without a single buffer..its been 1 year,i bought MI TV ,now YouTube hasnt been working says expired..only thing good in MI TV is YouTube and that too not working now..So it mere waste to buy this as smart TV..READ MORE",2.0
The picture quality of  TV is not up to the mark. There is always a whitish background even after setting display features many times. Searched for the display settings on internet and tried but the result is not satisfying. Even the colors don't look lively. I use it for HD channels too but no difference. I am also using a BPL full HD TV 40 inches for last 2 yrs and the performance is better than MI tv.Not satisfied. Other things like sound etc are ok.READ MORE,3.0
"super full budget smart tv, loved it very nice and good average enough sound output, thank you MI & flrpkart loved this tvREAD MORE",5.0
"This led is only compatible with phones which have miracast software inbuilt in your phone, only Mi phones or few phone have this option, this led is not compatible with moto g4+ and few more Motorola phones. Before buy any smart led atleast check on the site of manufacturer.READ MORE",1.0
Visibility is not good as compare to other led tv.And on the screen label as LCD TV instead of LED tv.But in other TV LED labeled.READ MORE,4.0
I am totally happy with this product and I greet thanks Flipkart and Mi LED Smart TV company.Thanks all of youREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV EVER I AM USING IT SINCE 1 WEEK AND NOW I JUST FELT IN LOVE WITH THIS TV AND FLIPKART GREAT SERVICEREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good TV but not having good sound. I connected with external speakers also. even after full sound, not getting full 20 watts output. My earlier TV was giving great sound at volume point 7 (out of 20), where as this MI TV having issue.READ MORE",4.0
i've fallen in love its the perfect product in 15k range i mean you can't beat the amazing picture quality amazing sound everything just perfect fast delievery fast installation thats what else you want in 14kREAD MORE,4.0
"good , better , best  it is 8th form of good !!!READ MORE",5.0
"writing a review after using the TV after 1 monthpurchased it on Dec 11pros 1. Good picture quality2. Good product for this price.3. good sound4.Good exterior designcons1. Facing few connectivity issues with screen casting but still working fine after few multiples tries.2. Not supporting few apps like Prime video etcSo for 23000 smart TV with 40"" screen,In my opinion it's worth.VALUE FOR MONEY.READ MORE",5.0
"Nothing to say more about MI still now. MI is the only brand now a days in India that has shown expertness in technology and nice arrangement of menu configuration UI design.  I wish MI a very nice time and kick off the brands that I hate Sony,Samsung and Apple from the Earth.I thanks to Flipkart for arrangement of zero down payment and zero interest finance arrangement with Bajaj Finance. Also I thanks to Flipkart for arranging timely delivery of the product.I thanks to Bajaj Finance also...READ MORE",5.0
Too good a tv. Really excellent picture quality with awesome sound too. Fully satisfied with the product. 5 Stars....READ MORE,5.0
Great for its price. Th picture and sound quality is satisfactory and the user interface is aslo very feature rich and simple. The only problem is that the remote is not built in with a mic which could have make it easy while typing works.READ MORE,5.0
"Timely delivery. Picture & colour quality is not that sharp. Timely installation on table top as they don't bring wall mount with them. Now I have seperatly ordered a wal mount. You may go for it, if your budget is low.A good budget TV.....READ MORE",4.0
"Awesome and mind blowing product,cheap and best as compared with other brands smart led tvsREAD MORE",5.0
nice smart led tv.. fast delivery from flipkart.. got this one in 12499only...😊READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is good and good sound quality. awesome product super                    I love itREAD MORE,5.0
excellent led tv this price range i suggest buy and enjoy product of mi is great....and wifi range is poor. but okREAD MORE,5.0
I must suggest never purchase electronic item like led TV from Flipkart. I bought mi led from Flipkart & I got remote missing in my box.i got 1 of remote after 10 days. they provide very worst service to give one remote. they promise me to provide within 5-6 days but they provide after 10 days.READ MORE,2.0
awesome TV in budget. Super sound. picture charity  very good. patch wall also good and but one thing power saving is 2star.READ MORE,5.0
product was excellent but Flipkart protect is very late and I had called customer care many times the engineer of jeeves were very good but ok I got delivery on 7 the and installation on 11th while facing problem for installation and demo from Flipkart protectREAD MORE,5.0
"Pictures quality not too good, wireless connectivity works fine (wifi), we can connect mobile easily. Sound is good. We cannot see the pictures in 178 degree angle. Display is not a Ips. I buyed 12749 Rs. after the discount of debit card. I booked on 09th Dec, deliverd and installed free on 10th Dec. But  now the base price is reduced 12500 Rs. This tv is value for money.READ MORE",4.0
"Delivery timing is good. But for the installation engineer call me and said that accessories are not available u have to wait or u can go and search in the market....tv is not full hd it's hd ready. there is no dolby or surround sound available. if u want to play YouTube I suggest for wireless keyboard and mouse. if you have 50 mbps Wi-Fi connection, u will not get good quality screen mirroringREAD MORE",1.0
it is so good smart TV. I love it mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
excellent TV by mi picture quality is excellent all the TV working fine and quick delivery speakers also excellent can play PUBG by screen mirroringREAD MORE,5.0
it's an awesome TV with an competitive audio and video quality with Sony it's a thumbs up for this Perfect Match for my living room.  thanks MI for bring    this range😊😊😊READ MORE,5.0
I have purchased redmi 4a series (43)... I think this is the best led tv with best price.... Now I am planning to purchase mi 4k series tv (55)READ MORE,5.0
best product in this price range main drawback is no store is available to download apps and all type of videos is not playing except these all are good better to with this tv who want big tv with small amountREAD MORE,4.0
"I used Sony Bravia led tv earlier and compared to the picture quality with that, MI led tv has a bit dull display. But for this price, this is good and connectivity is also smooth. If picture quality was also better then this would have been a 5-starREAD MORE",3.0
I brought it to my Friend He is an army Officerwhen he came on leave he stunned to see this budgety and best TVonce again thank u FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Very nice product, value for money. I really liked the remote and features available in it. Good product in low budget and looks very nice in living area.I really appreciate Flipkart for such a nice product and an engineer who came home to set up things. Don’t think too much guys just go for it👌🏻👌🏻READ MORE",4.0
"Its good TV in this price range . Picture quality awesome , sound quality and all other features of tv is good . Overall #valueformoneyREAD MORE",5.0
The product is amazing within this price range. It is totaly worth for money. Good sound quality good picture quality.READ MORE,5.0
Assume tv for my living room... perfect sound quality....thanks flipcart... but delivery side  very worst response... improve ur delivery circle....thanks to  mi once again for giving wonderful product in this price range....... love it😍♥️♥️READ MORE,5.0
"Its an average tv! It is amazing in this price point,but it has some cons,eg. 1)the Amazon prime video and Netflix doesn't play in this tv.2)the Miracast shatters sometime3) the videos is played only in 720p not in 1080p as they've said, this is the full hd tv.but still if you're a not so streaming videos only using DTH cable,then this will be the best choice for you.Thanks.READ MORE",3.0
"You mentioned that it supports 4k format. But why for God sake it is not supporting and rendering an error ""Unable to play resolution more than 1080p. Press ""back"" button to return(Error:-10003, 0)""? Very good marketing. Don't buy this product. Please leave a comment if u guyz face this issue like me. And also a piece of advice. Please don't believe overall rating (4.4). at least try to spend some time to read 1 star review before buying this TV from flipkart (especially from this seller). Or...READ MORE",1.0
"Excellent Product worth for Money, nice picture quality , in built Miracast for cast MI phone to direct Play, In Built wifi Direct streaming videos from Youtube, hungama,etc , Mi phone Remote control app to control the tv from your Mi phone, also 2 USB port plug and Play your USB stored videos Nice WOW....READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Mi 4a Smart tv Look are also awesome i like it.READ MORE,5.0
"This tv is crap...on tv panel it says lcd..when complaint to Flipkart they said it’s LED tv.. I ask refund for money..they said money not refundable as per Flipkart policy... Neither they are replacing tv for better one...Flipkart is no more genuine retailer..please read policy before purchase any product.,.READ MORE",1.0
Excellent nd working very good I loved it u can use everything wireless network youtube nd u can connect mobile also... I loved itREAD MORE,5.0
"Installation & Demo charged us 1930 extra which was to be free. Flipkart will facilitate Installation & Demo at time of your convenience from an brand authorized service engineer Flipkart will communicate the day and time slot of the scheduled Installation & Demo through a SMS The Installation & First Demo service will be provided free of cost. All additional accessories not part of the the package will be charged separately The service engineer will install your new TV, either on wall moun...READ MORE",3.0
Excellent product is this price rangegood quality screen and soundconnectivity wise is better...very reliable and trusted installation service always on time and before time deliveryexcellent service by flipkart and ekart...READ MORE,5.0
"superior quality ,  good look wise and fast delivery by FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"nice TV mi rock,  flipkart offer also awesome overall awesome experience,  my recommendations must try this.READ MORE",5.0
lovely tv as expected good quality good sound good features...😁😁😁value for money ...who would give such features for only 12k smart TV it's good go for itREAD MORE,4.0
"before time delivery and demo by engineer and also quality,e.e., everything is excellent. we got no problem. my family is happy with the product. but a manual should be provided with the product regarding use of smart tv features like use of browsing, use of other android mobile features that are supposed to be in this device.READ MORE",5.0
Picture quality not good but very fast and smooth workREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money.Don't have word to explain how is it good. I just loved it. Only problem with viewing angle that really not good. If I watch from left or right angle then picture looks like with different colour and with more brightness. I think Mi needs to work on viewing from angle. Than Mi and Flipkart for valuable product.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome smart T.V but I buy pervious if I wait for 1 more week I get it at discounted price I  buy it at price of 14000.But I am happy nice T.V.READ MORE,5.0
its very bad joine to phone and not clarity in screen HD ready is not completed its very bad product please not buy now I am not comfortable in TVI am not happy your product thank youREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome led but Installation jeeves by MI worked bad. They make many holes on the wall and hang the new led in one sided up and other in down direction and go without tightening the screws properly. MI led very awesome but installation is not at all good.READ MORE,5.0
"Very good mi led smart TV , thank you flipkart and very good serviceREAD MORE",5.0
so nice super led smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
MI LED smart TV 4A 80 CM awesome sound quality was awesome and the display was very good and many features like third party application also NetflixREAD MORE,5.0
"very nice tv, good picture good sound and worth buying. great product in tv segment by mi. hats offREAD MORE",5.0
Delivery and demo service was great by flipkart. I am totally satisfied with this product and recommend it and delivery person behavior is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
If a smart TV today can not seamlessly play and support amazon prime video and netflix then in my opinion it is really not smart. I am not able to install and watch both of these apps and finally switched to using amazon fire tv stick only on this TV. If anyone really wants to buy a smart TV I believe he/she should look into each and every detail of what their intent is in terms of usage. I guess I assumed that since it's a smart TV then I should be able to seamless watch videos on these plat...READ MORE,3.0
"awesome picture quality..... when you see for first time the tv looks very bright and colors look very bright which we cant bare by watching for better experience change it like thisAdaptive brightness:-    offbacklight                50contrast                 60saturation               65sharpness               50hue                     50in mi tv changes should be done in every screen like patchwall,hdmi 1,hdmi 2,Av...etc.,. for better experience make changes in the one you useREAD MORE",4.0
"22k value for moneybut, NOT CALL PERFECT SAMART TV•There are not google play store.•paid collobaration Zee24, hangama..etc..so, only you can show only that type video.•Youtube support only 720p • no need any account on smart tv...(why?)• you install app from pendrive no other option..READ MORE",3.0
Mi LED 43cm is just Superb .. i just love it. sound is awesome no need to connect extra home theater..picture quality is also good..Thanks Flipkart..thanks Jeevas for Easy installation.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent TV. value for money. need soundbar if you are looking for good sound. Best budget TV at this price.READ MORE,4.0
it is a good product with a good quality picture and sound.ofcourse it is a smart tv.READ MORE,5.0
product has no return policy so before buying this be alert.no worth if you have same budget should have go for other Android TV . or if you want only this brand go for MI 4 C PRO which Flipkart doesn't have . Flipkart promoting old technologies through which buyer can place an order and trapped by the offers by Flipkart. hence I would recommend to do not use Flipkart platform for latest contents and technologies please go for other like Amazon.KINDLY Note:- This tv doesn't support play s...READ MORE,1.0
Value for money and I thank to flipkart next day delivery and excellent service Mi smart TV clearity is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
good product because low budget prefer for this product good quality good sound and paisa vasul product haiREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent value for money. The product performance and features are commendable for the low price. Only issue is that it doesn't have a play store and apk files need to be installed manually via usb. Videos are available on you tube to assist. Flipkart was awesome with timely delivery and installation request schedulingREAD MORE,4.0
honest review after 7days:-sound quality is  good bass is ok ok not soo fgood picture quality is also very good homepage is amazing u will love it interior is also goodconnectivity is also good you tube is inbuilt hotstar is inbuilt come with 2 days of working tv but i suggest you to download you tube with external pendrive works good fine  buy it u loved itREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv clarity is good and music quality is to be great and miracast wireless connect is very very very nice.READ MORE,5.0
very good super product lowest price save to money anyway I am happy I'm watching TV superREAD MORE,5.0
Light weight.Pretty good UI & featuresSupports different video codecsScreen Sharing is possible.  (easy with MI mobiles)ConsNo Battery for the remote ( At  least you can include Rs.20 battery along with it.)No wall mounting stand available at Rs.399 ( Service men asked 600 or more for that )Screen Quality not up to the mark.Detailed review will be given later. At least 3 months of use.READ MORE,3.0
"The screen is good with punchy colours but lack in the black regions not being enough black..The quality of pictures is crisp and clear when you play 1080p movies or HD channels(pic....The interface is quite good with some preinstalled features and 5.41 GB of internal memory....The connectivity could have been better if it had Bluetooth...It has 3 star rating so saves considerable amount of electricity...Sound is awesome , even at high volumes it is clear and doesn't get distortOverall ...READ MORE",4.0
very good t.v for that budget and it looks also nice but i am not satisfied with the delivery they are taking more time whatver t.v is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality average blacks are not pure black looks dark gray but acceptable at this price point (22k) Sound quality awesome Connectivity easy to use Patchwal is great user friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery and Installation done at the day described within 2 days .Hassle Free Delivery was done in the morning itself and Installation was done on the same day based on our suitable timing . Installation and demo was done properly and functions were explained.Very Good Product based on the price and specifications. Hope Android 8.0 update is received as told by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"The television is great the picture quality on HD is perfect but not as full HD.  pros : Connecting device is easy if mirror cast availablesound is amazing.picture on HD is greatcolour combinations are outstandingcons :normal cable picture quality is very low and blurredtook the wall frame also by paying ₹400 and I am satisfied, don't switch on television till the installation engineer comes so as to take benefits of technical damage if anyREAD MORE",4.0
tv is good but only in hd set top box .. not in sd.... color is also average in sd set box....  if some1 want this tv to buy..make sure get hd set top box first... in sd set top box my experience is average with this tv..READ MORE,4.0
Every thing is good but I'm little not satisfied because my Moto g 5 set not support on this device.. when I'm purchasing this is not givenREAD MORE,4.0
"Great product in terms of money. Can't compete with Samsung and Sony LED  experience, but more when it comes to this price it's far better than other options available.READ MORE",4.0
amazing product ..I am very satisfied..at this price it is truly amazing ..pros:picture qualitysoundbuild qualitycons:connectivity..must have Bluetooth connectivityand voice control on remoteotherwise the mi tv 43inch led tv is very good in mid range led tv.READ MORE,5.0
Good Value for Money deal. Happy to buy this. Got the delivery and Installation on time. In this price range this is the best TV in market.READ MORE,5.0
As per price this type of smart tv good but need to improvements in MI features.I expect more advanced featured provide by MI TV but its really very basic features as they provideed.READ MORE,5.0
till now TV is working good and features wise MI is good option. worth of money......READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is not so good but much better according to the point of its price. we can adjust picture quality.sound quality is excellent.screen mirroring does not work properly.miracast runs slowly. but very good led tv at good price as compared to other tvs at the price level. everyone should definitely purchase this tv.READ MORE,4.0
a awesome tv for the value of money.....i know Xiaomi is good at mobiles and leading company but not sure about tv but now im loving it tooREAD MORE,5.0
Great product.... picture is good sound is fantastic but the remote is not good it's slow and not good for work ny typing...but it great product..READ MORE,5.0
very much satisfied and timely delivery...  thanks to flipkart for this excellent support... before this  usually buy products from Amazon... but hereafter i only order through flipkart.... Awesome serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"These days every portable devices  comes with Bluetooth and it would higly appreciated if this feature can be built in to this device as well and typing for searching is a big challenge, needs to be re thought and a good typing and searching options needs to be provided with the device to make people use it with simplicity, Good luck MI.READ MORE",4.0
"Mi is suppose to get Android update early 2019 so getting this TV for 20k is amazing. Prime and Netflix would be available through the online store in 2019, although you can download these app through pen drives.The picture quality is great and having 3 HDMI port and 3 USB port is just cool at this prize. And the best feature I like is the connectivity through your mobile via hotspot for WiFi content.Understand that there is a new updated version of this TV but if you are just going to us...READ MORE",4.0
🌀it's super sale for LED and It is very special for me because all features are available than other company and its price is amazing on the base of quality💖💖💙READ MORE,5.0
Overall Nice & Best In Budget & Classy Feel ❤️👌 Loved IT😍READ MORE,5.0
10 out of 10. Superb delivary smart installation. Overall service was very impressive. I surprised to get this kind of product with affordable price. Thanks to team MI and special thanks to Flipkart for their extreme effort towards customers. Thanks again to the entire team to deliver us delightful services.READ MORE,5.0
nice but bright ness is little bit morebut fully smart and good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
If u looking for a budget smart TV .. This is the best one .. but make sure the size before buying .. make a note of your room or hall where you viewing length should be good for 32' or 43' or 55' inches.. Best low budget smart TV - MiREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV for affordable prices with all major & latest version / timely updates - All big brand this MI company shows u a big Middle (I)Finger / take this gracefully :)READ MORE,5.0
Best product in best price. I bought during festival season sale and got the opportunity to avail some of the great offers and discounts. Thanks to Flipkart team.READ MORE,5.0
Trust me there is nothing as worth the value than this TV.. I bought a TV with similar size with some another (very famous brand) which costed me 25000 after discount.! But.. The picture clarity and sound clarity of MI is more good than the previous one!! Absolutely worth the money! Go for it! Even delivery was on timeInstallation n demo was perfect and on time!READ MORE,5.0
"Worth for money...if you're a normal user with basic smart TV, then this is the best choice!everything is quite good.quality and clarity.Patchwall OS was good (need more updates)you can install 3rd party app's (without Play Store)sound was good (but not okay for me, so I'm using a Home Theatre)viewing angle was awesome (tested 3D movies too, playing smooth)1Gb RAM and 8GB ROM (Available around 5GB for user)over-all gear experience!READ MORE",5.0
"nice smart TV ,best for small living room,I'm talking about 32"" model.some external apps won't work smooth like Netflix,sworkit,Jio cinema that would be slightly disappointment.but overall.READ MORE",4.0
Its value for money... Overal if you talk about picture quality nd sound quality its really good at the this price range... if you budget is around 22 then without any hesitation plz go nd purchase. coz comparing at this price range quality this is bestt. i have purchase this from flipkart it delivered in a day and installled in another day.. installing was also good done.. lets c nd review for one week nd  update more after the regular useREAD MORE,5.0
"Best LED in this range, good features for connecting the leds and in this range we can connect with Wi-Fi also that's a good thing, light weight of LED..... conclusion is that in this range this is BEST.READ MORE",4.0
"hi friends I am fully satisfied about this product,I think I have taken right choice.at this lower price this is the best choice.good picture quality n sound is good n all features are working good,and good looking. but I was little disappointed about installation, they have taken one week , except that all is good.thanq you flip .READ MORE",4.0
Thank you flipkart for making my day..really a great product and service.i got delivery in 2 days and got the installation done at that day... Thank youREAD MORE,5.0
good work mi nice ledREAD MORE,4.0
"I have finished 5 months and writing this review, This is value for money and I also bought Flipkart extend warranty for 2 yrs . This is secured for next three years . You need to see the HD channels ... Awesome pic quality. Sound also good . Not bad . Easy connectivity with wifi and usb . Best in smart phone .READ MORE",5.0
"good hd display. sound below average. if u have a sd set top box, don't buy this. picture looks good on hd stb.READ MORE",5.0
"The picture and sound quality is top notch. However I'm rather dissappointed by the ""Patch wall"" OS of the TV, being on the android platform it doesn't support Chromecast in-built. As a workaround it gives miracast, which  many apps doesn't support, more likely the phone can't be then used for anything else. One can't install apps, as there is no app store by default... The apps can be side loaded but not everyone have the knowledge and patience to do that.READ MORE",4.0
good mi led smart tv 108cm best prise and gret qvolityREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product of mi...i just love it💗bt delivery service is too bad cz i self collected my courier...bt i am satisfied abt the mi led 43 smart tv....just go for it😘READ MORE,5.0
"If you are planning to have HD connection, buy it without second thought. Picture is similar to Sony or Samsung, and in SD connection clarity is OK but after seeing HD channels you will stick with them only. Sound clarity is good, not required home theater. Connectivity of TV is very good, but if your Internet or mobile Internet signal is not good then only it will buffer. But if atleast 3 to 4 towers of mobile signals are there  then no problemREAD MORE",4.0
great budgeted TV ..HD picture quality is dependent on channel/DTH..like &TV HD gives bright n clear picture quality but Star Gold HD gives you same picture quality like SD.. wireless connectivity works good I am watching all my TV series via wireless connectivity. overall good TVREAD MORE,4.0
"Mi TV is value for money TV for the users who just want to see channels by SAT ToP box .It is half smart Tv .provided app with MI TV1)you tube 2)hot staryou tube and hot star working fine .Other app like Netflix , amazon prime vdo , airtel tv  will not work even if you installed by usb (side loading )Its feature of mirror cast is working average for samsung j7 nxt mobile .This mirroring feature is not working well with MI note 5 mobile (vdo blurring many times )so ultimately 1)...READ MORE",1.0
Everything is good about this smart LED TV. But I'm not able to play YouTube videos at 1080p...Can anyone resolve my issue?READ MORE,4.0
The display is crisp and the product is built well for the price. I don't recommend the onboard OS. Get a Chromecast or Apple TV and this price can't beat any TV on the marketREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Budget Android Smart TV, All Application Supported properly, TV sound is very Good no need extra sound system, Looks good.READ MORE",5.0
Ordered it during the big billion day and saved considerable amount. Flipkart's delivery was as always top notch. the packaging of the tv  was good enough and it did not require extra packag This product had free installation as well and I recommend not opening the package by self as it voids the warranty. all these things are done by the installation guy and he is the medium for return of the product if it turns out to be defective. the installation process was smooth and basic functions w...READ MORE,5.0
Super TV. All the functions of TV is awesome and very big and love to watch them.READ MORE,5.0
I have a Sony TV smart as well so purchased this as my second TV. The picture quality and sound is really nice but you cannot compare it with the quality of other premium TVs. However for a second TV it's value for money.READ MORE,5.0
very good led tv in this price range..   Remote is very good and tv functions speed is owesome. I love MIREAD MORE,5.0
"i would recommend everyone should go for this tv. amazing sound,  super connectivity, easy to install software's, amazing viewing angle, vibrant colours. Dissapointment is only with remote however if u have ur own keyboard n mouse all would b fine..READ MORE",5.0
osm product i love it .this is best led tv for ever 😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘 Thanku flipkart i have first time shopping with flipkart and i have so much good exprience shopping .thanks all team and  thanku for the fast delviery 😇😊🤗🤗😘👌👌👍😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
Nice product.. it's the one of the  best smart TV in a small Budget. more options is available.. it can be easy controllable in Mi smart phones... but I have bad experience when talking about customer care about LED TV  or LCD TV. in sticked label written LCD TV but I ordered LED TV.. so I called for clarification.. but no one given clear ans. including installation Team also...READ MORE,3.0
I am very happy this is a good product for me very impressive TV thanks to flipkart and miREAD MORE,5.0
"Update: No Smart features, can use only preloaded apps like zee tv,sun nxt . Google play store not available so cannot install Netflix/Amazon prime videos.Picture Quality:  picture Quality are not good. The installation experience is very bad. though my parents insisted to fix the wall mount at 4 feet, the service engineer installed it in 6 ft, saying it is the usual position engineer will fit.    when I went to home town after a month i saw it placed  middle of the wall. a 6ft person shou...READ MORE",1.0
"Bought it in the BBD offers at a great price, the TV is fantastic for my use. The picture quality and experience is nice overall. But i do have some quirks:1. No Netflix: The holy grail of all internet entertainment is not here which is sad. 2. The remote although quite minimal and easy to use, lacks mute button which is a very important button for me3. Also no Bluetooth was a big bummer for me, but i have workarounds for itAndroid update can fix a lot of things for this TV and Chromeca...READ MORE",4.0
"Design is pretty awsome...very sleek, but picture quality is not that great,,blacks are grayish,,,and color are not punchy...like samsung and LG displays...even companies like Intex and VU are giving good screen quality...but being a brand and with smart tv feature and price....it's ok..as screen qauality like deep blacks and punchy colors...does not matter to every one.READ MORE",4.0
Mi tv 43 inch good service jeeves consumer  sevice technician name girish tv 5 * rating installation and demo is good I am Happy  thanks jeeves good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality  and picture quality of HD channels are simply superb. The schedule delivery is maintained effectively. The thing I must record my pleasure is that before installation of TV from Jeeves is excellent and they have communicated over phone and fix the appointment schedule and the convenience of the customer is given priority which is a matter of praise worthyREAD MORE,5.0
"The TV is just faab If you want a full HD display at an affordable price, I recommend you to go for this smart TVREAD MORE",5.0
"In my home not having dish or any HD channel set box. but normal cable display's like HD. really enjoyed a lot. as well as sound system also. i have a plan for booking home theatre, after hearing the mi sound system i am very much satisfied. its suits to hall(18X10).  service person suggested 1600rs wall fitting stand don't by it. 500rs wall fitting stand is  comfortable,it's better then 1600rs wall fitting stand. 1600rs stand waste of money.READ MORE",5.0
This is not android smart tvMi says all mi tv is ready to orio version but this is not android tvColor setting is very badContrast level is too badAll over this is only tv not a full smart tv Think twice before purchasing this tvREAD MORE,1.0
Good picture quality.. In best price... I love this smart tvREAD MORE,4.0
I bought MI 43 Tv from flipkart and it got repaired with in 30days.Details as follows.Device Name	Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43)Device Model	L43M5-AIDevice Serial Number	16940/380047341.Till now they didnt the resolve the issueworst service even they are not responding properly after so may callsREAD MORE,1.0
Mi 43 inch tv.... Fast delivery by flipkart with some good offers.. I got my tv installed the next day i received.... Picture quality and design are very impressive for the price... Patchwall is ok but if it was updated with Google play services it would make it more easy assessable... Sound from the speakers are good and very loud... Connecting to soundbar or  hometheater gives even more great audio experience... HD channels from the set up box are very good to watch in the tv than normal ch...READ MORE,5.0
Wonderful veey good quality and reasonable prize budget led... Thanks alot MI and flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
my mi led smart tv is running great so far trouble free.I like it.READ MORE,4.0
"Been using the TV from a month now, build quality is decent cant expect too much for the price. Audio quality is superb for the price and display is good as well. Overall I highly recommend.READ MORE",5.0
its value for money product. if you want high definition clarity then avoid it. But if you want a smart TV that touches every aspect then go for it. I have been using it for more than a month now. it's goodREAD MORE,5.0
As expected nice product. No issue regarding installation. Picture quality is really good. Sound is also clear & loud. Mouse & keyboard works just fine. Net connectivity is quite good. Overall a good deal in just 14k buck's. Totally loved it.... Don't think just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
it's not LED TV. ON THE TV SCREEN CLEARLY WRITTEN EQUIPMENT TYPE LCD. AS PER GIVEN SPECIFICATIONSIDE VIEW ANGLE 178 DEGREE ANGLE. BUT WE CAN NOT SEE 120 DEGREE ANGLE ALSO NOT CLEAR VIEW..OTHER FEATURES ARE BEST... AFTER 4 MONTH I WRITTEN REVIEW HERE..READ MORE,4.0
Awesome product. super quality and nice smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
"in 2 months of usage, best TV in overall. Picture quality is excellent, sound is good but could be more better..very good deal on this price rangeREAD MORE",5.0
"This  is very nice and quality product,This  LED is in very resonable price, having anroid featers and CAST screen shairing featers.....share the  screen by any android.......not need to buy  redmi android. i am using this fron september 2018 till now running goodREAD MORE",4.0
"Awesome led with great features,  I love mi productsREAD MORE",4.0
the delivery experience is very bad. the delivery boy was not good. kindly improve your delivery system . else the product is goodREAD MORE,1.0
"No doubt....product is very good based on its price....but customer service support provided for installation  of this product is very bad....and some features like google play Store,chromcast built in, bluetooth connectivity etc.,  are not available but based on its price.... its OK for me..... alternatively one can install aptoide tv which is similar to playstore and download youtube,  jio-cinema,  jio tv etc.,  as per customer's interest.READ MORE",4.0
YouTube did not connect properly I have 20 Mbps internet connection but YouTube videos not played. my opinion on this tv it's good for using as a normal led TV but not as a smart tvREAD MORE,3.0
Well it's a good one but still I don't know why 4k videos are not supported in the TV so that's one issue else the TV is good and it's just a day I have used let's see furtherREAD MORE,3.0
"Nice tv in this rangedelivery and installation was very good and very fast within 24 I got the installation,thanku flipkart for serving a great deal and thanku mi for making such a affordable and advance deviceREAD MORE",5.0
Amazing design and super display and also support 4K video so i am so happy but some None hd channels tack eyes pain when watching it. but overall its perfect.thanks Flipkart for fast delivery.READ MORE,5.0
"wonderful product and qualitative installation/demo. engineer visited second time free of charge to explain the procedure which is an astonishing thing. flawless product and worth every penny spent. picture, sound, clarity and specs absolutely state of art in its range. installation and demo superbREAD MORE",5.0
I like I love it nice pic quality great volumeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money product. Very fast and on time delivery. Delivery person was very good professional. Installation also done same day as committed. Very good user interface.READ MORE,5.0
"Good quality product1.speaker quality is very good2.Picture quality is standard & excellent.3.Delivery is awesome & demo + Installation service is very good.4. Excellent performance.5.Mi LED smart TV 4A 108 cm(43) is very very better than LG, Samsung , Ondia, soney, BPL etc TV.READ MORE",5.0
"created very finely and having a good combination of innovation and creativity...value for money, picture quality is good but need a bass boosted all over its a bomb in a 14k budget thanks to flipkart for such a good quality product, the service of installation is also kind ...READ MORE",5.0
Super fast delivery by flipcart and quik instalation services. MI Led tv good value for money thank you but i have only one unstatisfaction is that no GST NO attached for business client. plz update your policy thankyou....READ MORE,4.0
"Tv works fine. If you’re an apple user though, do re consider buying this since Apple doesn’t support miracast (the default screen cast service on mi tv). You’ll most probably require a apple tv, chromecast or firestick to get the most out of it. Moreover, it doesn’t support google play services yet, which is extremely important to get the most basic of apps such as YouTube to run without trouble.Picture quality is good enough. Basic functionality is easy to manage and navigating between app...READ MORE",2.0
This is a super solid TV at such reasonalbe rate. I will highly recommend this to anyone who is planning to buy it.READ MORE,5.0
"I was a bit sceptic before buying this TV but now I feel that I have taken a correct decision to get this one. It works well, sound quality is good (for me at least) and video is crisp too (though Sony has way better clarity).The delivery was on time and installation happened on same day too. However, you cannot play youtube videos directly to 1080p. The max quality is 720p, I'm not sure why this is the case but all in all, I'd recommend this tv.If you're a gamer like me, go for it. FYI...READ MORE",4.0
"i have heard many things about this tv's review.. but when i buyed it. i got to know Mi TV is very much good.. The sound quality i will give 4.7 out of 5, for picture quality i will give 4.5 out of 5, for connectivity 4.7 out of 5 and value of price 5 out of 5..  because soo many features and at so  low price. The TV was delivered on 29th November, as the delivery was on 29th nov.. and jeeves TV installation i had appointment on 3rd December.  i got the TV delivery on 29th at 11.30AM.. and i ...READ MORE",5.0
superb product .very neat &fast installation.picture quality is awesome then sound quality average but beautiful performance . I am very happy to buy these productREAD MORE,5.0
The product is awesome especially with the set price bracket. I've used this one for some time before writing this review. Well don't expect a miraculous picture quality because you're not paying sufficiently for it. But for what you're paying you'll be satisfied. The connectivity is trouble free. The interface is nice and interactive. The remote is too compact... But then mi remote android app comes to rescue.  No Bluetooth connectivity is a minor negative. Also the IR sensor for set top box...READ MORE,5.0
very good led having good picture quality in even sd to hd set top box. very good internet smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Built quality is good but table mount is made by plastic, delivery good installation demo very good, picture quality average sound good, no pre installed apps, screen mirroring excellent and UI is the best overall product is value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
first of all I'm giving this review after one week usage of mi TV and i would like thank flipkart for amazing delivery time and now let's come to point. the TV under budget is a good product and it's not android TV its simple patch wall TV the picture and sound under 15k budget is worth.....can buy but it's not androidREAD MORE,4.0
"screen mirroring is not well its buffring when you conected through your device(Mobile),so i am disepoited only on this one otherwaise all setting and thinks very good and system functioning is good now i enjoy full hd experanceREAD MORE",3.0
"Good work by Flipkart as they can't deliver the product in my town, but they provided installation and demo. wall mount case worth 500₹ sounds is good no need to purchase speakers.excellent built quality of remote control.READ MORE",4.0
"Sir - I had received the LED on sunday i.e. on December 9, 2018, My expected installation date was December 10, 2018. Installation personnel told me that he is not having an stand with him for MI. He told me that he will come on 12th December and install the Television.Still as on date, He is responding that I don't have the stand.I am not happy with the way service provided.I will be returning the product, if the same will not be resolved by the day end.READ MORE",1.0
Love the picture quality and the resolution is quite eye catching... Love the other features too... Just what is required in a smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
"It’s the best you can get for this money, it’s a steal. Do not compare with high end TVs as the price range is completely different. I have completely happy with the product, have been using it for over a month now. Tip : Changing some picture and sound settings can make it even more good. Refer some good YouTube video for it.READ MORE",5.0
"best Tv if u consider it's price. Tv picture quality is good, sound is excellent, u can install other apps through usb. nice product by MI. Responsiveness of TV is good. built quality is ok as most plastics r used. but plastic quality is A+. Overall it's a great product and u can enjoy the MI 4AREAD MORE",4.0
very nice and fast delivery before the date and the LED TV is very good very good feature built fantastic product super purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv from Mi. good sound nd picture quality. good at this price. RecommendREAD MORE,4.0
"Cant compare it to sony and samsung picture quality, using it since 2months, blacks not really dark black. For the price felt its a bargain and value for money. Nice tv go for it if your budget is around 18k. Waiting for the play store update of mi, hope they dont dissapoint. Has a free space of around 4.8 gb in internal memory.READ MORE",4.0
"Need Support of Google Play Store (Most of the Apps not working). On Screen Cast also  Some Apps not working like Jio Tv, Hot Star. Audio is Good.READ MORE",3.0
very nice amazing picture quality like Sony led TV and it is also smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
this is the best budget smart TV  iuse  it and then I love this tv thanks to mi love from meREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is working fine. However. cannot install Netflix. Hotstar and YouTube are working fine. Picture quality is seemingly beautiful with HD set top box. In single definition, picture quality is average. Sound is also not very appealing even after the connecting to SONY 2.1 speakers. But considering the price, This 43 Inc tv is good enough. Only the remote would have been better with a speech to text function hence a bit. disappointed. Delivery was bang on time by Ekart courier and installation ...READ MORE",4.0
"After 2 day use, Best deal with low price, Smart TV we got just in 13000 , It's a good deal, Sound is good, normal cable is not view good, for good clarity we required HD channel Packs, Sound , Pen drive connection ia very good, Cast from my all mobiles, Sometime wifi getting slow.Total full of paisa vasool.Enjoyed all..READ MORE",5.0
Picture quality is not good.  PQ of HD ready TV of LG or Samsung is better than Mi FHD tv. Sound quality is awesome.  Overall good deal in this price range.READ MORE,4.0
It's our best Smart TV. would like to thank flipkart for the sale.. But not happy with the delivery spend 1000 Rs to get the TV to my house.READ MORE,5.0
Product is good and built quality is also average . Only this which I don't like that not support Google play service . Which very important in Android TV . Overall good led in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome..Best product. Reasonable price . Everything perfect about this product.Only thing they could have done better is the volume..It could have been more louder. 4 out of 5 for volume..Rest every thing is 5 out of 5...READ MORE,5.0
"Very good product in this price range. Sound is average, but don't worry, it works fine. Inbuilt applications working fine, but externally installed apps are not working. User interface is good because of miui. Only the weak point is that, it has no Bluetooth connectivity. Mi patchwall is good, but nothing is free.      Overall, it is worth, value for money product.READ MORE",4.0
The overall performance of TV is good and the connectivity with mobile is owesome and the best smart TV in this price.READ MORE,4.0
This tv is so good and worth for money I enjoyed so many function are there in this tv mi tv best option to buy in cheap and bestREAD MORE,4.0
"Go for it if you want budget tv. Sound quality is very excellent, picture quality is same as LG and Sony, pachwall feacher is best, but mobile screen cast feature not works good its lagy little bit, you can istall any. Apk file through USB, i am happy with this price range.and flipkart delivered it in one day and same day installation also done ira very fast service provode by flipkart.🙂READ MORE",5.0
"it is a perfect match for your need to get a smart TV.it does the job pretty well and gives great resultshave been using this for more than a quarter, no complaints so far.only the installation guy who comes from jeevs may be a area of concern. otherwise everything is great.READ MORE",5.0
"Best product in this price range, comparable to costlier products of lg or samsung which would at least cost 20k more for this kind of product. Amazing picture quality, sound quality is good too however I have my own home theatre connected to it. Miracast works smoothly with all phones. Only con is installing other apps like netflix and all which would require apk files in usb. MI might want to include more pre installed apps to create customer delight. overall I would rate 8.5/10 for this p...READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent Product Value For Money, Also Very Best Price To Another Brand Comparison. Super Quality Picture, Sound , Connectivity. Great Product. Thanks To Flipkart & MIREAD MORE",5.0
"awesome productPros-inbuilt apps., IR emmiter systemawesome UIsound is nice nd clearcons- slow start,  everytime u on TV,  u have to select for dth. MIRWCASTING is not as much goodlack of space on ROMvalue for money,  at this price no other TV is there with these smart system... easy to install,  operate.. go for it.. MI is winning 🏆💪hearts, now with TV alsolREAD MORE",4.0
It is a nice product with the affordable price. It would be better it they support most of the mobile devices to connect with the Miracast feature. Screen resolution is good and sounds also good.READ MORE,4.0
"It's worth for the price, I bought with Big Billion days offer with the price of 19k. Picture clarity is good, compare to other top brand competitors this is the best one when compared to other TV's of 43 Inches.READ MORE",5.0
"After a week usage of this tv, I would say that product is value for money, am happy with the panel performance with decent picture reproduction, good sound clarity and moreover it's a android TV for this price bracket.Only drawback which I feel is no play store, instead i have downloaded many apps like amazon prime, jio  movies, Netflix etc in apk format and installed with TV OS, Rest all seems to be really exciting to use.READ MORE",4.0
good product at this price range nice sound quality and picture quality is also nice nice service from flipkart and mi very easy to operate iREAD MORE,5.0
wow really such a nice led tv and a very affordable price thanks to mi.coREAD MORE,5.0
1) Great Picture Quality 2) Fine Sound 3) Good Connectivity. At this price it is more than awesome. The delivery by Flipkart was awesome and further installation support was also great. I suggest to buy this product.READ MORE,5.0
"The TV is good compared to the price range and other smart TVs. Picture quality is good not great as some colors are not accurate, ex. skin tone and red colour seems to be inaccurate. otherwise in terms of connectivity and ease of usage, this TV is good. better you go for the 4a pro version so that you will get play store and Google voice command enabled remote. go for it.READ MORE",4.0
super good nice verry nice good productREAD MORE,3.0
best smart TV ever with great deal with  flipkart fast delivery without any delay and also installed on time by installation team .really happy with this ...:)READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent product from MI. Easy to use, i gifted the TV to my mom and trained her how to use. Now she can able operate TV with You Tube, Pen driveREAD MORE",4.0
"Truely valued for money. Probably the best deal for middle class families. A smart tv in this range and quality is really very appreciable. Nothing compromised. Streaming is reliable, ui is very good and I really didn't face any problems yet so...I would sure recommend this to you all.READ MORE",5.0
I am using Mi LED tv from  two month my experience with this Tv is very goodI like this Tv awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Thank you for the good product. Attracted with the remote design. Very bad experience with the Mi Customer care. I wanted to be installed on Sunday, so I planned accordingly and got deliver it by Saturday. Got call from customer care on the same day. I asked for installation and demo on the next day (Sunday). because on week days I won't be available in home(9 AM to 7.30 PM), I did mentioned the reason this reason. They agreed for installation on Sunday, but I haven't received any update or c...READ MORE",4.0
Everything is good so far. Some known apps like share it are not running. With new update now you can 'power off' the device instantly without delay.READ MORE,4.0
it's very good quality product like mi mobile n so many good features are available in this.READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent value for money , same features you get with the pricey brands , where you just pay for the brand than what you get tangibly. P.o. tire clarity is good , YouTube video with Wi-Fi works well , sound is ok. Extremely satisfied, don't waste your money on pricey brands.READ MORE",5.0
Its a budget LED Smart TV. Happy to get it ! Well packed and delivered smoothly without any delay. Flipkart delivery guys are just awesome .READ MORE,5.0
Tv was good and best in price. As we all already know that it has LCD panel so there's little bit variation by comparing with LED. volume was awesome and TV light in weight. my 4 years daughter lifted it easily.READ MORE,5.0
"Dear Customers, For your information this TV is not LED TV, due to in their web site it's mentioned LED TV but once you received TV , we need to check carefully on left side top it's clearly mentioned this equipment is : LCD TV.READ MORE",1.0
"using it for 1.5 months , sounds are awesome , picture quality very good in HD prints , you can cast your mobile screen easily, there is lot of stuff already in the TV unit you can watch like songs kids videos , orginal web series from voot, and other apps and movies are also there some of them are free, but mostly are paid from the apps,I am using Amazon prime by casting my mobile on TV. I got it on 19k including 10% HDFC discount. actual cost in October 2018 was 21k for 43inch  Diwali offer...READ MORE",5.0
SD picture quality is very well not a Good but HD picture quality is very well and high resolution to clearly watching in tvREAD MORE,4.0
"This is one of the best buget Smart Tv as you know mi products so cheap in Value but Highest in Quality. As their mobile. We have same size Sony Bravia 2016 android tv which was worth 65k but this one is just 32000. Awesome one.I've fallen in love!Although the price is much less, the Mi 4a 43 inch tv from MI look suspiciously similar to the expensive Sony tvs -series in specifications, design, and functionality. It has the same processing engine, and very similar color and contrast performan...READ MORE",4.0
Best Led Smart tv in this price. Fast delivery and fast installation good demo and very good service by flipkart ekart and jeeves overall.  I am very happy :)READ MORE,5.0
I am writing this review after using 2 month. till i have no problem. picture quality is good sound good you can install many apps in this. you cant install netflix. finallt good product in this low budget.READ MORE,5.0
"Pros- Best Value for money (More if you buy extended warranty), Clear FHD picture no issues, Speakers are well audible and clear(not loud like Sony), Patchwall content is enough. Installation and service by Flipkart is on point.                                                                                      Cons- Looks little bulky (not too much if you see price point)READ MORE",5.0
It is too nice . It has good clarity . It has good speakers . You should buy it . Not 4k but good clarityREAD MORE,5.0
"it's a wow deal....such an amazing tv at a great price. just loved it. only a issue is the downloaded vedios at apps like Netflix, hotstar or voot etc don't run with it. else I m happyREAD MORE",4.0
"Fast delivery by Flipkart within 2 days of order and installation done by very next day. All thanks to Flipkart for fast delivery and installation. A superb product from Mi.According to my usage, I rate the tv as belows,Display is HD ready , Not Full HD type. overall display is Okay. Slight problems may felt.Sound system is the best in this tv. 2 speakers which built in bottom of tv is super performing. No external speakers needed.Connectivity is Good. if we provide a wifi hotspot, it w...READ MORE",5.0
Experience is good till now my using more than 2weeks.. Don't think so much to buy this TV becz with this budget the TV has awesome features. Flipkart delivery is awesome as always nd special thanks to jeeves that installation guy named Srinivas awesome behaviour &  install the TV very smoothly.READ MORE,5.0
"good picture quality. screen mirror is good, I played movies by mirroring works good. can install android apps via USB not directly download. Best deal in such price range. Picture quality is perfect and sound is very clear. remote is very light handy. Overall rating 5 out of 5READ MORE",5.0
awesome mi tv with awesome feature mi company is always best mi company gives awesome products with less amount i am very happy with this tvREAD MORE,5.0
very good smart TV with great picture quality . sound is very loud but no base . remote connectivity is good. patch wall is awesome very simple interface. install app through pendrive even jio TV jio cinema works fine.hotstar YouTube works awesome just download it from aptoid tv app storeREAD MORE,5.0
"the tv is actually pretty good and best one in its price range...but you have to purchase wall mount for rs 400(fixed wall mount, can't tilt) or  rs 2000 for tiltable wall mount ( which would make the total amount spent on TV : 16k)...other than the wall mount problem the product is price worthyREAD MORE",5.0
"HDMI,USB PORTS & OTHER CONNECTIVITY PORTS must be located at the accessable place, somewhere at the edge of the screen either at the side or at the bottom. It should also have a compact control panel located at the similar convenient place. Rest of the parameters are very  good, no question at all except for the  life. Hopefully it will last longer.READ MORE",4.0
Nice tv What a nice TV to have a good TV is what i like the picture of good quality good sound quality amazing .... & Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"it's very very very very good TV, I like it so much. I think MI TV is a good option in this price.READ MORE",5.0
"It's pretty awesome , nice and light , picture quality is great at price range , and all feature which is given at this price is awesome by MI teamREAD MORE",5.0
its amazing led i m fully satisfied with MI product with best service flipkart  thanks......READ MORE,5.0
very nice picture quality and good sound ...really worth for money ...thanks mi for such good quality products and thanks flipkart for fast shipping and timely installation..READ MORE,5.0
Great Picture Quality Great Sound Great ConnectivityGreat FinishingGreat Patchwall OS Everything is Great and Really Excellent...Delievery and Installation demo is very Fast and BestREAD MORE,5.0
"Perfect picture, perfect 🔊, no no no awesome sound perfect installation and flipkart trust above all.READ MORE",5.0
I had ordered the TV 2 months back it's been working in fantastic manner . could have been better if it could have come over the some preloaded apps.but overall it's a good experience would recomend to buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product in such a nice price it's better to buy Mi TV rather than other brand because it is in budget for everyoneREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks Flipkart For Enlightened Our Diwali With Such A Discount On Smart TV...After Using A Month...I feel fully satisfied...Highly recommend To All Who Are In Serch Of Affordable Smart TV...READ MORE,5.0
plz don't purchase big brand from flip kart ...because mi service center not give you service for purchase tv from flip kart... thy give service only purchase from mi.com & Amazon.com and also flipkart service is not so good as I expect...mi tv quality is so good its value for money  product but purchase from only MI.COM OR  Amazon is best way to choose..😠😠😠😠😡😡😡😠😠😠😠😠😠😡😡READ MORE,5.0
First of all thanks to flipkart for the fast service and delivery. For this within 2 days and installation and demo was done on the next day of delivery. Now come to the TV. Using this for almost a month. Have to say the TV is better than expected. Absolutely value for money. Picture is better than avarage. Ui is Smooth. Just waiting for the play services.READ MORE,5.0
"very good product..but packing is very bad. This package online have the cardboard box,doesn't have any palstic covering that secures form the water. This project is very lighter and is very easy to install. Surfing is very good ,but this tv doesnot have any app Store from its own,we have to install out of factorybapp store througt other medium.READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing tv , such a best tv , i like it , it's very smart and best quality tv , body and display very nice.READ MORE",5.0
"Though you can say you get Smart Tv at 20k but truth is picture quality is not that good,blacks are poor you notice the white light fluctuations noise like you capture a pic in your mobile phone at night time in the dark scenes likewise  it offended us alot.Moreover most of the apps not working properly in the interface like YouTube lags,Netflix working perfectly but in a lower setting.I can conclude that you can go for it if you are not expecting performance like SONY or Others big brands.N...READ MORE",3.0
"Mi , really an amazing product . Never expected such a result . that too 4k videos result are amazing . very cool product.  cool rate .READ MORE",5.0
"Xiaomi has piqued consumer interest in the smart TV segment by offering features that ensure great value in their budget televisions. Its latest Mi LED TV 4A Pro 49, for instance, has a solid feature set, Full HD and HDR, and PatchWall support. And the television runs on Android TV giving users to apps on Google Play store, Google Cast compatibility and voice search for content.SO VERY GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE",4.0
Superb TV when ordered we feel like it will be 43 inch will small as per our home size but delivered it was like a perfect match for us....Nice TV we ordered and got the delivery in 2 days and Installation on the same day...Thank you Flipkart for happy moments for my familyREAD MORE,5.0
"Writing review after 3months of usage. Firstly, I brought this TV because it was coming at a low price, had lot of features, lot of farly positive reviews on flipkart and YouTube. Last year I brought a VU 43 inch TV at similar price and it was really good in terms of picture quality and sound so I was expecting it would be good experience with MI tv as well. However right from the first day the overall impression was bad. Picture quality was bad. Blacks very extremely greyish and blurish. Ex...READ MORE",1.0
Picture quality is good...sound quality is also good.. you can attach creative gigaworks t20 speakers for best sound...Connectivity is a little bit poor... I was watching hotstar and it was buffering...after all.. it's worth the price... go for it...READ MORE,4.0
"worth for money, satisfy with product, sound & picture clarify is good, connectivity is also fine best 32inches tv with in the budget, and  dispointed with Jeeves services about installation, there is no proper contact number to contact them, and I didn't received any confirmation message until I fallow up from my endREAD MORE",4.0
Worth the Price. Nice Good Quality Sound. 1080p Hd Videos Awesome View Experience.READ MORE,5.0
Very Good in Quality.Sound Quality is Excellent can beat SONY.Picture Quality is just same like Samsung.Overall worth to buy it.READ MORE,5.0
"Good Picture Quality And Excellent Product At This Price..But I Would Like To Recommend Use HD Setbx To Enjoy The Quality Of Picture. Because Quality Is Poor While Using Normal Stbx & Don't Go With Negative Reviews ...I'm Using It For Last 15 Days And It Is Working Properly  As I Was Expecting!Giving 4* Just Because Of It Charges Installation Fees, I Think It Should Be FreeREAD MORE",4.0
"Giving after 2 months experience. Moneys worth. Sounds Quality - Not the best, but good. Picture quality - Not tried hd yet but better even in 720p. U Will feel different im initial days on picture quality, but get used to it. If u have wifi in home, then this TV is worth buying as it will allow u to install apps, u can use you tube, hotstar and many more applications.READ MORE",4.0
"Awesome product, fast deliver, fast installation, but if we see sports on TV like cricket 2 broad white line patches appear when camera moves in SD channel, it also take place in HD channel but very less, i want to know that are you also facing this problem or not reply below.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome product in this price very good picture quality sound and connectivity Love this product 🙂🙂Also happy with Flipkart service delivery is on time and same day installation Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"Very nice TV, awesome price got it at a price of 19k in big billion sale. Audio and graphics are awesome with very good mobile connectivity.READ MORE",5.0
Good decision worth to it's cost fully satisfied with my decision to buy mi smart TVREAD MORE,4.0
"pictures quality HD good but not a full HD,sound quality good not Any other device required, 3 usb point,3 hdmi point, good, improve pictures quality, good product, good price, Flipkart delivery time 15day very long time,READ MORE",4.0
Well it’s been 10 years since I was using BPL CRT TV ... I saw one of my friend Smart TV which costs him around 40k but I don’t wanna spend too much cost for technology as the rates are downgrading day by day ... than MI come up with the same on the price of phone and guess what I Loved it ... functions are good only Amazon Prime is having some issues which I guess will be rectified soon .... over all value for money Honey .... go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"I received this product before the date line from Flipkart . The TV was  wall mounted & installed by the experienced engineers properly. The service provided by the members of the company  in all respect is praise worthy. The TV is functioning properly now from 14th November,2018. Long live Flipkart.With thanks.READ MORE",5.0
"best TV with this price...even connect by small modems like Jio.. there is no  voice remote,but easy to watch you tube on TV by connect mobile  you tube..I like very much..READ MORE",5.0
The LED pannel of tgis tv is not so good it does not have great viewing angles.READ MORE,5.0
it is worth to purchase. Pro:1. good sound & picture2. in this price range it is good deal3. nice user interfacecons:1. Bluetooth is not there2. they should give IR cable.3. as of now Google Play service is not there.... they are claiming by 2019 they will provide updateREAD MORE,4.0
Delivered Safe & Securely but Flipkart Customer Support doesn't support for installation on same day via Jeeves Consumer Pvt LtdREAD MORE,4.0
One of the best panel in this price range ...!Pros - 1) very less price 2) sleek and shiney3) patchwall os4) smart features with smart remote5) light weight with good sound clarity6) for images and full hd videos -- amazingCons -1) refresh rate should be higher atleast 100hz(gamers stay away from this panel)2) colors are not so accurate as compared to sonyREAD MORE,5.0
"Very fast and good delivery. Very good quality product. playstore is not there.Wall mount cost taken by installing person is Rs.500 against the costs Rs. 399 shown on flipkart, further receipt online received for Rs. 399 after installation. Wall mount given is oversized.READ MORE",5.0
It has been 20 days and we are very happy with the sound & picture quality. My cost price post exchange of my old tv came around 19k and it's really worth it. Amazing experience. Expecting the same performance for next 3 yrs atleast.READ MORE,5.0
good one.... screen monitoring is little bit hanging...the connection of WiFi and other is slightly not good... because of low frequency... surrounding Android is well good in this one working fast... picture quality is good...READ MORE,3.0
"works fine , but not clear about the apps supported in the TV.READ MORE",5.0
great picture quality.... sound quality is better and connectivity is nice and good.... value for money.... must buy the product.... I'm satisfied with it 😍READ MORE,5.0
An awesome product from MI . Really wonderful product .. picture quality is very good. I got this for 19400 . I was Fully satisfied with this..READ MORE,5.0
"Great product at 14K. Display, Sound, Settings are very easy and convenient. The only disappointment is you have to buy the wall mount separately at Rs.400/-. Otherwise full satisfaction of having a 32 LED TV  as it provides great picture and sound quality and the being a SMART TV is a significant feature of accessing overall features of wifi and android devices.READ MORE",4.0
awesome led .... amazing ...tv I love itREAD MORE,5.0
"We liked Mi LED smart because of all it's new feature like Android, U tube , can be connected through googleREAD MORE",5.0
"Middle class person.Mi has made  our life better and class by including best technology in the best price. Yes, 21k(43 inch).About TV, i just say, go for it.READ MORE",5.0
MI - LED 32 product is good I this amount. Volume of TV is good and it is value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
"Picture & Sound quality is good. 3 Star for not supporting many popular Apps.Does not support Prime Video, Netflix, Airtel tv, Vodafone play, Jio Tv etc.which makes it, Just a normal tv when u dont have apps in it to useREAD MORE",3.0
tv is a brilliant in this price range but no extra app I can load but any way the display is sharp but not fhd it's only hd ready but in this price range it's good sound is awesome connectivity is good but in you tube app some problems in going to back over all the good experience thanks mi and plz do android update little earlier 👌READ MORE,4.0
"very nice product by mi, picture quality is very nice , sound quality is very best , everything is good and good service by flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
good product value for money flipkart services also good if you want purchase 32 inch led TV go head to MI on flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
"Nice product,cost worth product good sound and picture quality is goodREAD MORE",4.0
Great value for money. Using it for 5 Months and working like a charm. You will miss the play store and you have to rely on apk files using pendrive/external drives to install apps. Newer versions come with play store which is really good to hear. Hope the updates will bring the same features to this too.READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV with this budget but if installation person give proper details like how can it run on Hotstar and on Jio tv it will be superb..READ MORE,4.0
mi LED TV is very good in this price range.everything is excellent like TV quality and installation process.READ MORE,5.0
"It's an awesome product with more than expected functionality built in it, could have given Bluetooth connectivity for WOOFER connectivity for music playing wireless, in addition the WALL MOUNT hook should be a little longer outside because when you try to insert USB or any cable into the port ,the SPACE between TV and wall is not enough.About service, as such no issue about delivery , however had to put some effort while confirming the schedule for the installation and demo,had contacted cu...READ MORE",5.0
Very nice t.v installation is very fast 1-2 hours spacial thanks for m.i & flipkart very good sarvis india no.1 shopping aapREAD MORE,5.0
I give 4/5 star because of sound n it take some time to start and turn off the TV as well as it don't have voice command other wise I will give 5/5 star. but in this price this is a best TV . also Flipkart delivery excellent . product delivered before a date. Thank you..!READ MORE,4.0
"All rounder 👍🏼. But one thing it's wall mount hanger should have flexible like movable, because the USB slot or HDMI slot is too close to the wall which is not comfortable to all. Rest of all ok.READ MORE",4.0
filpkart is good services ..mi tv good smart tv..chief and bestREAD MORE,4.0
I have purchased MI 43 inch LED smart TV it's really a wonderful product in medium budget. and the quality of MI product is already known to all and it is proved againREAD MORE,5.0
It has been advised as LED TV. BUT THE PRODUCT IS LCD.THE STICKER ON THE TV AS WELL AS THE BOX CONFIRMS IT IS LCD AND NOT LED TV.READ MORE,1.0
TV is good and sound is best but one is missing on TV blutooh is not avelebal all over TV is bestREAD MORE,3.0
"Amazing Mi Smart Tv, & Beautiful Display Good Quality &  sound is awesome, Android Application run very smoothly good experience, Thank you flipkart delivery on the time & I'm very happy to installation Quick service after delivered only 2 /3 hour after installedREAD MORE",5.0
Thanks Flipkart for timely delivery and timely installation. Product is very good as a smart tv in a reasonable price. Pic quality also fantastic in normal as well as in HD mode. Sound also very well.READ MORE,5.0
Very important review after using half a month1 very fast and accurate delivery almost 10 days before very fast service of everything .  very well Flipkart.  2 the best product in this range3    three years Warrenty 4. not only HD Ready but even 8K video are running but the format must be Mp45 screen mirroring  is very fast6 no problem of side angle view7 very good Internet speed8 very easy interface of Android and remote as well9 3 start power consumption 10 no cost Emi and 10 % di...READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is very good and ready hd tv over all best and such a chief rateREAD MORE,5.0
"it can't be called a smart TV when no flexibility to install apps , doesn't have store to install apps at all.. writing to mi tv forum , got an answer to install cracked apps via pen-drive ,most of them doesn't work properly due to license and cracking. at least they can give apps via their website where we can download and install in TV via Pen- drive.READ MORE",2.0
A perfect smart led tv. it is in very less price available and their is no flash sale and it is full HD+ and clearest picture but when you purchase 43 inches smart led full hd+ another big brand then it is available on 40 thounsand it is value for money tvREAD MORE,5.0
very good product and very good quality as i am a executive in flipkart i work in flipkart and took this tv so its a very good tv thank you to the seller thank you to the logistic team ekart and thank you to the flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Really nice product. Good picture quality, good sound, smooth and smart work. I am very glad to purchase this product. Thank you flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"Product is good, but for that we are thankful to Mi company. Not to flipkart, coz flipkart is good but not supporting us. We are staying in randheja, Gandhinagar. We have received a call from dealer, and at that time we were at temple for worship. Than after dealer said that come to the my office at saragasan cross road and Collect your order. We have brought it but is this a really felt very bad.. Satisfied with products but not with flipkart..READ MORE",3.0
it is a nice tv it is like a 4k theatre.Its sound affect are very nice and it sound is like a home theater.It is costly but it is ver nice.READ MORE,5.0
Value for money. I'd say it's the best in this price range. decent sound and good picture quality. Built quality is very good and looks nice....vREAD MORE,5.0
fabulous service accurate time and great mi 4a ledREAD MORE,5.0
mi gives you good TV in very chip rate budget TV every thing is good except display quality which is average in this price range sound is really very good and loud no need for home theater if you want big TV with trusted brand in 22999 range you can go which this tvREAD MORE,4.0
Good led perfect dilivery on time good quality picture in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent at this price. Don't compare picture quality with Sony Bravia especially when you are using STB. It's best picture quality you get at this price. Screen mirroring is a breeze if you own an Mi phone. The picture quality when you mirror your screen is extremely good.READ MORE,5.0
Worth the money.The product is simply awesome as described by the sellers. Go for this technology if you want to be smart as this tvREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.. Every thing in this tv I like. Highly recommended and more about the service super awesome. Delivered today /installed today. Love the product as well as the service provided by flipkart 😘READ MORE,5.0
"as per the cost concern this mi led 4a tv is awesome comparatively other top brand product like sony, lg etc. from days i am using this product & it's working very smooth & as expected. Let us know how it works for long term,  i hope it will work smoothly without problem in future as like MI phones works.I would say this is a good deal in this cost segment. if you ignore the few drawbacks or features. otherwise this is the best deal.READ MORE",4.0
filpkart commitment best timely Product receive on the other hand same day demo & installation i am surprised how can that be unbelievable but i am happy service & Product.READ MORE,5.0
I was confused whether to buy this or not as it have some patchwall os but after going through a lot of reviews and videos finally i bought this tvable to install any android app through usb or aptiode store but few apps doesn't work and that's fine for me because in 2019 it will get official play store and android 😁few good things about this tv- picture and sound quality is awesome- able to install any app but few scrollable apps like jio tv needs mouse- able to control tv with mi re...READ MORE,5.0
Product description say it’s a smart tv. But after buying it is being used as a smart tv. Don’t expect the features of smart tvREAD MORE,1.0
the only problem with this TV is we don't have voice recognition. and the letest version of softwares installed are not working properly. other wise this is most perfect TV than any other models in market. I had satisfied 100 percent. system update is also not available from last 3 months.READ MORE,4.0
"Best TV in this budget ,it took the for the delivery but ,it's worth waiting .sound , picture quality , connectivity is best ,MI need to give playstore and YouTubeREAD MORE",4.0
After 2 hrs of playing pics.  I am satisfied with performance and hope will get the same in long run.  it is also observed that flipkart and MI need more coordination. I am thankful for ur support ans hope to get same response in future.READ MORE,4.0
exellent tv super pic quailty  also sond very good but  only one problm youtube app not supportREAD MORE,5.0
i love this tv. nice model. special price. super satisfyREAD MORE,5.0
Got led earlier before date very good led it is really smart ty flipkart and mi nice product keep it upREAD MORE,5.0
Good package and installation bad experience exquisite not respond mi tv is good picture is clear and cleanREAD MORE,2.0
good buy THX flipkart as you guys helped me get a good price for my old LCD TV also and the deal become very good for me .delivery was excellent as promised the installation was also as per promised time ..let me tell you all that I was not that convinced of buying TV and other expensive items online ...but Flipkart has made me change my mind .  Good TV at competitive price what's missing is Bluetooth ..Amazon Prime ..remote must have been better to use the YouTube and other webpageREAD MORE,5.0
This is a complete value for money package. Picture quality isnt good as compared to bravia which is obvious considering the price range.You need to use a HD box for best display quality. You can choose a delivery slot for the same once you place the order. TV itself is quite big even for a drawing room. Altogether a good buy.READ MORE,5.0
amazing and mordern tv just order it do not think a lot because i order it it is really amazing and smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
it's awesome mi LED TV  and better to other LED TVs great features and sound is best picture quality is awesome thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"product is good and it is value for money product. customer service is good as expected, only one problem is play store is not available in this so you can't download any app from it but you can install via any USB drive. overall product is very good and picture quality is good as per its price range.READ MORE",4.0
"Right now leading star is Mi, which ever product they release it going to hit market high range. Examples:Redmi phonesMi earphone Mi air humidifierXiaomi Home TheaterSmart WatchesMi Power banksand this 5 star rated Mi LED Tv'sREAD MORE",5.0
"Some app installation problem, can't work with remote provided for all apps, needs extra mouse connection. Worth of money which is good.audio and picture quality are good but not great .READ MORE",4.0
"picture qualify and sound is good to watch , but the guy came for installation who guided me to not use the smart features like browsing downloading etc if we do this mother board will be get damaged with in six months .....  I don't understand then why we go for  smart tv company have to reply for this, the second one is mi not manufacturing this,  they import from TCL and marketed here ,, no one mention this or I missed to note this anyway this is not MI tv this is TCL tv                   ...READ MORE",4.0
it's an awesome product..i bought it on diwali..and totally satisfied..flipkart services like ekart delivery.. installation of Jeeves team  work...it's an extraordinary flow of work..more efficient .. exact date of delivery and installation..and 5 star for Jeeves too. FLIPKRT MOST ADMIRABLE.About Product. in this price no one can compare the MI TV. no doubt it's totally well finished dream product.  Thanks wish master too. MUST BUY product.READ MORE,5.0
ideal led for those who dont want to pay more on electronic item.Seems lcd but difference not observed till yet.picture quality is good not awesomeconnectivity is ok sound quality is great. overall good product value for money.Be remember u r paying just half price compare to market leaders.No comment on after sales service as not tested yet.Flipkart delivery service & installation service is prompt five star for them also.Worth product go for it......READ MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT TV PICTURE QUALITY IS GOOD BUT SOUND QUALITY IS THE HIGHLIGHT IN THIS TV I AM HAPPY THAT MY MONEY SPENT ON AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT...READ MORE,5.0
presently its not supporting for Chrome castyou can't install any app from playstore pitcher quality is good but you can't compare with LG and Sony .overall TV is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Mi tv too good  smart tv I hope u also buy mi tv .... it's color quality excellent & sound Good & full smart tv mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
"the TV looks good. I have used it for few days before writing this  review. the TV is an smart TV in all the aspects. easily connects with WiFi absolutely no problem but need high speed internet to run. patchwall is simple but no facility of play store. picture quality is good but not excellent. sound is satisfactory. screen mirroring is easy to connect but lag sometimes. one important info is this mi led TV is not led but LCD TV. what is the technical difference, I am not sure. hope it will ...READ MORE",4.0
Our First ever smart Tv and best experience. I am posting this review after two months of use. I bought it after reading reviews and it was a best purchase.READ MORE,5.0
SmartTv with smart price loved the product .... Good picture quality and nice android interfaceREAD MORE,5.0
"I can say it's the best one for low price the clarity is good, the sound quality is good,the way it is directly linked to YouTube and other things it's the best one believe that something wonderful is going to happen.READ MORE",4.0
Total Value for Money TV                                            Why to pay 50-60K for a brand when you get the same experience at less than half the price. It's amazing to view with HD connection. For 3-4 year use period it is very good and its not expensive so you don't need to call it INVESTMENT.  Sleek design good screen size and sound with good connectivity.   thing that can be improved is color combination for SD channels.READ MORE,4.0
I like big billonday offer low prices good quality my favorite one of my home love it my mi we are mi familyREAD MORE,5.0
woww amazing big screen very nice thank you flipkart for the valuable product. . thanks MIREAD MORE,5.0
its like a big screen like theter.we love thus and service of flipkart is very good and quality ok mi is also v gudREAD MORE,5.0
"Good value for money.Few problems I faced-remote no well built no dedicated buttons for volume etcSide loaded apps are not working: youtube, Netflix.It was stated that all Mi smart tv 4A will get playstore. However, I could find any update and playstore even! 😕READ MORE",4.0
"Picture quality good....sound streo type if listen to full volume feels normal bass...lacking in miracast...YouTube buffers as need great internet speed...from mobile hotspots runs very slow...patchwall interface easy to browse...lots of entertainment....no warranty card provided by Mi in box ,only soft copy of tax voice email has been sent...same day delivery and installation that was great....and it's not LED TV it's LCD only backlight is led & overall budget smart TV   waiting for 8.1oreo...READ MORE",4.0
"mi led smart TV 4a is very good product,  great smart TV for lowonyREAD MORE",5.0
The Tv's picture quality for HD channels is crystal clear and it is the best product on par with other brands available with these features at huge costs.Go grab it to enjoy a fantastic experience.READ MORE,5.0
great led yarr.... . that's pretty good for those looking for value for money 🤑💸💵💴💶💰💳READ MORE,4.0
awesome full hd picture quality and DTS sound is great in this affordable price. I can operate this by my Redmi phone. there is no need to use remote.Playing game on screen mirroring gives me PlayStation effectsREAD MORE,5.0
"picture quality, sound is good ...but being a smart tv, it should connect to devices with ease ..but I see the connectivity is toooo poor over here ....miracast is worse on this TV I have tried this with Mi phones , Poco F1, Laeco phone, Samsung, Lenovo, even i Phone ...it is same with all phones....connection is soo poor ..you see it some what better with Mi phones, but still not acceptable. so, if your looking for good connectivity dont go with this...and remote interface is also poor...but...READ MORE",3.0
"Purchased this Tv in the month of May got it delivered in just 3 days.The handling of the package was not carried well it has quite a bruises on the corner. The installayion guys are quite a cheap ones who are hired for multiple brands ,the guy who came for installation for my tv has wore a panasonic uniform.Quite a arrogant and wanted to runaway as fast as possible doing the installation. I requested the guy to come with the IR cable but he gave me after 5 days of constant calls.The Patchwa...READ MORE",4.0
Guys don't go for this. Because this is a Lcd type TV and these people are sell us by mentioning that LED and the display used is MLCD I.e used in mobile screen which give much effective work on mobile only. And coming to software it doesn't consist many app or any kind of app store and also it doesn't support all kind of videos. We'll I suggest you to go for  Samsung product.READ MORE,2.0
"sound and picture quality is best and even  light weight. I am loving it.partial andriod ,built in   patchwall OS.when you install the plugins will lead slowness of TV. switching on will take 10 to 15 seconds.but overall it is worth.READ MORE",5.0
"Superb Tv in this price range . Wifi connectivity is very fast . sound is clear , picture quality is really gudREAD MORE",5.0
"Amazing product at affordable price ,the service and installation was awesome & quick done. thank you Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
According to price this tv is best tv in this range.... 8gb storage and patch well works so smooth and very easy to use..... In the last thanks to MI.READ MORE,5.0
Decent TV at this price. I am not sure either the panel is LCD or LED IPS. But Xiomi mentioned on my TV as LED panel. See the below image.READ MORE,4.0
"TV is very good!But....But the installation/technician (from Jeeves Engineer - Aamer Shaikh) who came for installation and demo was one of the laziest guy ever met!Spoke hardly few words, you can inquir him 10 questions he replies only one and that too not clear.Anyways technician was not so important than the productGuys TV (Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43))is too good go for it! Buy it and enjoy it!Happy customer from PuneREAD MORE",5.0
"Simply speaking, it won't disappoint you. Amazing sound clarity and loudness. i purchased this TV for 19k and no other manufacturer can provide you with this many features with this cost. Color reproduction are great and even adjustable to your viewing needs.There is only one cons that is the patchwall needs some serious updates. But with the upcoming intergrated support of Chromecast in feb 2019, tgis issue will most probably be addressed.READ MORE",5.0
Mi LED TV Delivery is expected timing... installation good...picture & sound quality is good..new features are good.. Mobile & laptop are connected this device..so I am happy .. value for money..Nice ..service is good...thank u flipkart...u give me best service...thank u so much.READ MORE,4.0
It’s good in this price range but i have vu tv with same features that one better than this.So Better to go for vu .READ MORE,4.0
"This product  good and ""picture Quality is not good' average' only"" Then AAA battery size not attached this pack,what ever small battery not give to this product ""to bad "" Then wall mounting why not give"" Led tv compare to another brand all specification available and all item availbe but 'Mi is same one item missing;Finally this product  ok `but need to improvement .3.5/5...READ MORE",4.0
"very nice and supper smart tv ,my parents very happy handling and operating very easy ,no tv big computerREAD MORE",5.0
"wow excellent , Value for money, Easy to use and easy to connect internet....READ MORE",4.0
"Good tv @ budget of smart phone, connectivity is goodSound quality is Good picture quality is greatREAD MORE",5.0
Nice TV for affordable price I love itExpected some more clarity of pictures and colour effectREAD MORE,4.0
For low price range this TV is a good choice. Those who need more display clarity then you should check other brands before you buying it. Under 15K this TV is good choice.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome smart TV. I like it very much. Thank u mi.READ MORE,5.0
MI .. superb best Quality smart TV at affordable price. sound quality superb.... pic quality very nice .. and 3 years warranty .. no tension for 3 years . flipkart delivery service is very fast . I my self installed the TV as it is very easy no need of engrr. but Flipkart Jeeves will come for installation on 17 Nov.READ MORE,5.0
very nice mi tv sound and picture quality is good please take mi smart tv and entertaining your familyREAD MORE,5.0
The product was received on time and was very nicely packed........ No word for this product aimply superb nd value for money........... Everything in this was loved one really niceREAD MORE,5.0
amazing led in the budget of this money..sound quality is very good and picture quality is much better than other products in this range.READ MORE,5.0
"best buy , for the best price... awesome quality... recommend for everyoneREAD MORE",5.0
it's amazing experience of mine with mi TV and every time again with the purchase experience with flipkart... I always love to purchase with flipkart... mi TV is good in terms of features and price.. value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Its a very good product, but i will be more happy if its manufactured in india. XIOMI is also having product which is made in india but this is made in china. Overall m happy to buy it.READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome experience with my new Mi smart tv.its a value for money product thank you Xiaomi team for this ""Desh ka Smart tv""☺️READ MORE",4.0
At all the expect the TV is very good but still needs the update of Android.please roll is fast for the best experience.READ MORE,4.0
"It is a good smart TV & sound quality nice, picture quality good more important that saving  money in MI smart TV....READ MORE",4.0
"Picture quality is good but unfortunately we do not have too many HD quality streaming channels.. switching through channels you don't like the normal viewing quality content simply because you know the clarity this TV can offer. Sound quality is okay could have been better but cannot complain at this price range. Connectivity needs a bit of work, with no play store you have to struggle with installing various basic apps. And u may end up importing virus loaded apps into your TV. Good news is...READ MORE",4.0
TV is very fine but I was in search of 49 inches from FKart. Prompt delivery and the very next day installation and demo also. Just I am watching last 9 days. So everything is fine with the the TVREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome pictur quality.. its 1080p but the pixels are very suttle,  if u are 5ft away from the TV the pixel density is very merged. have not tested any chromecast on it,  but have used the built in cast,  i have to say if you play videos casting through a phone the sound quality is a little choppy,  that may be my phone. But the over all theater experience is way better than any othe tv's of the same range.!!READ MORE",5.0
it is a very good product its cost is cheapest according its functions 👍🙏 m too happy with this amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart is awesome to have a product like this... Enjoying watching this TV guys it’s super cool.. you can go for itREAD MORE,5.0
very good product according to price having smart functions youtube and miracast is working fine but you have to wait enough in flipkart delivery process of mi.ledREAD MORE,4.0
very nice led tv & Picture quality and sound quality but attach boofer and earphone cabel everytime change sound setting on off led .not default led tv speakers setting play soundREAD MORE,4.0
After using it for 1 month I have seen this TV is more useful for a person who want to go more for the smart features of a TV rather than the main purpose of the TV which is picture quality  and video quality.Pros:Best budget smart tv in this range Wifi and mirroring works great as it has n wifi band rather than other brands who fool customers by providing wifi upto b/g band.OS is user friendly and easy to useCons:Picture quality is not so good . Actually its better to invest in LG a...READ MORE,3.0
it is the best led tv at a affordable price...!!!far better than sony samsung lg and other all costlier brandREAD MORE,5.0
Good Display... Good sound... Good service by flipkart...  Now the after sale service and updates needs to be seen... overall good VFM product...READ MORE,4.0
nice tv in good price i really don't lik mi but mi led tv is good for valuable price . nice work you can buy and plzzz upgrade the dilivery system of your .READ MORE,4.0
TV super worth for money but colour issue and this LED or LCD ha IN BOX ITS NOT clear so pls share the details all propleyREAD MORE,2.0
Good TV at this Price rangeDisplay clarity average not badSound quality superViewing angle not goodVery easy to useI give 8 of 10Flipkart delivery is very goodDemo and installation is also goodOverall very good TV at 14kREAD MORE,5.0
Its HD TV it depends on HD Dish TV..with local setup box dont guess HD..remaining all are very very super i liked it and my father enjoyed it.READ MORE,4.0
Wirtting this review after almost 1 month useage  tv is good working properly..1.sound quality is just awesome loved it..!2.Ui is also great easy and simple to use ..3. Display quality is pretty good after looking its price point4.No Google play store or play service's but  in Oero 8.1 update it will receive this so no warrior'sHopefully mi should quickly roll out the update soon as fast as possible next year...! I think it is a value for money product..READ MORE,4.0
"yes I have this product in big billian day and bought in 19,500 this is good ,but want to update Google in that device to easy convenience ..... overall performance is good... for mid range....READ MORE",4.0
"it's my honest review.  picture is great but in night scenes,  clearly not visible. in some channels, picture is dull. as its 43 inch u need a hd set top box to get a excellent picture quality. sound..  good bass effect and clarity is good but not great. you need a good speaker to enjoy and experience.   as my old TV is sony lcd 22 inch,  compared to mi..  I simply say sony is best in all aspects.  as I want to watch it in big screen,  I bought mi 43 inch.  really it's a value for money.  no ...READ MORE",4.0
"Good in all aspects in proportion to amount spent. Flipkart service in term of delivery is good. But installation of led took 4 days, it can be improved by the flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Mi led tv picture quality is best sound best  other thing super qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"very nice product by Mi. Picture, Sound and Connectivity are good. Best smart HD tv in this price.Though they should give a play store or other apps to help the customer.READ MORE",5.0
"This review after 10 days of use purchase big billion day 19200 rupees with 2 years of extended warranty.1 . Picture quality is not good2. Picture colours is not good compare  to LG and Sony Samsung .3. You have budget then you can go LG Samsung Sony Panasonic.. not purchase MI TV.4. Voice quality is good5. Smart function working good youtube and Hotstar is working , also miracast is working. 6. Mi tv Google Play store is not available but jan 2019 update possible 7. Patchwall  it's o...READ MORE",3.0
wow..superb tv.. i like so much.. i have allready mi tv 43 inch but i want more tv in my second room so again order mi tv 32 inch... i m so happy with mi tv... plz must buy...READ MORE,5.0
this TV is very low brightnesspicture quality not good every time problem LED TVMI service is not good don't buy this LED TVREAD MORE,1.0
For this cost the quality of this product is far better....Display is nice but of course has some minor clarity issues.... on the whole good decent budget friendly smart LED TV....I have been using this for just 2 days with a basic SCV connection....READ MORE,4.0
just awesome product from Xiaomi very nice and budget for every one who looking best in budget and Flipkart is fabulous in delivery and installation...READ MORE,4.0
it's ok but most of the format of audio not supported it's very draw back for me. but quality is super waiting for Android supportREAD MORE,3.0
I am using this TV since 1 week and I'm loving it and I recommend it to buy the best buget TVREAD MORE,5.0
nice product... and great quality of picture.... I am happy with this product... great job xioami ...READ MORE,5.0
TV is good size is great picture quality and sound quality is also good to you must attach HD set top box to increase the picture quality it is a value for money great TV with a great priceREAD MORE,4.0
Overall the product is good. Panel is of good quality but I have seen LEDs better than this one in the same price range. One thing that I want to point out is that remote control is very precise and that is a good thing but still it should not miss a mute button which it is missing.READ MORE,4.0
It's not a smart tv.. Mi is just playing with customers mind by just saying it's a smart TV.. There is no Google play service support. Only installing some apps through sideload from USB is option so it's very sad to see no native web browser or app store. I own a 4k tv from a different brand as well and bought this as a secondary tv.. Won't recommend this to anyone looking for smart tv as I can see miles difference.  for someone looking for a decent fullhd tv it's a good value choiceREAD MORE,3.0
"The hardware is really good. Excellent value for money. the biggest letdown is the OS. The custom MI Android sucks. I'm not able to download apps, unable to screen cast properly with my MI phone. YouTube app doesn't allow 1080p casting. it's like MI wants us to view things they want us to view. The OS needs an upgrade. it's so bad that I'm considering returning the product. if only it was user friendly this would've been an awesome productREAD MORE",3.0
Access for USB is tough for the wall mounted... Mi should think and make a easier access. Quality of pic and sound is good and worth for money.READ MORE,5.0
SCREEN IS NOT EYE FRIENDLY MUCH LIKE OLD CRT TVs. SHOWS CONNECTIVITY ERROR FREQUENTLY. ALSO BOT SAME SIZE 43 INCH PANASONIC USING WITH CHROMECAST ALSO FRM FLIKART WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE. SO BETTER GO FOR SUCH IPS DISPLAY OR 4K EXPERIENCEREAD MORE,3.0
"This again is a very  good product, very happy to buy ,reasonable and worth for the money.i recommend all to buy.READ MORE",4.0
This product has a very good build quality and picture quality is also awesome. This is a smart TV n works very good with my phone also.READ MORE,5.0
Really happy with this product. before time delivery is awesome. got this at 12499 only hell yeah for that. quality of product is awesome best low budget smart tv by Xiaomi. Thanking Flipkart for awesome offers regarding price.READ MORE,5.0
"It's an amazing product. For noobs who are complaining they can't play mkv files, just go get a life and learn how to install vlc for patchwall on YouTube. A true value for money product it is! Had the best experience when I played Avengers Infinity War 1080p and it played as smooth as silk. The remote could had been a bit bigger. Apart from that, it's the best TV that 22k could buy right now!!!READ MORE",5.0
"Connectivity sometimes takes time .And not able to connect to laptops  wirelessly but with IOS , Android phones it connects easily . Value--->💰 is awesome . It has all its port behind so yes placing it in your room it takes appropriate decisions .  Otherwise everything is good . But still waiting to check for how much time will it work without any problem since MI is new in this business.READ MORE",4.0
Really good Mi led TV .....mostly I like for dealy timer off and On...Like mobile ....very nice ...almost OK ...READ MORE,5.0
I am giving review after using one year . This TV was good to use supports Google play store and YouTube . value for money . I strongly recommend to buy this TV .READ MORE,5.0
"This is one of my best purchase from Flipkart.Picture quality is nice, sound is too good.Few Cons:This is a smart TV, so update will not be thereHave to leave with same UI software life longTV stand is not included, other TV companies do provide stand in 32' and higher size.This is not a pure LED TV, its LED based LCD displayFree content is not for lifetime, you need to purchase subscription from content providersREAD MORE",5.0
Really very nice TV picture clarity very beautifulsound quality very nice i used last 10 days after i writing my opinioni purchased only 12600 nice price My family is very happy with that TV flipkart service also superbI'm happy purchase this TV ..READ MORE,5.0
"the TV is very good in terms of picture quality, but it's not a fully smart TV.. the patch wall does not come with a play store you have to download apks and transfer them via pendrive and most apks do not work.also the you tube app runs only hd videos though the TV is full HD.READ MORE",4.0
very nice product picture  sound and conectivity is excellent i loved it and thank u so much flipkart for fast delivery and installing....is awesome😊😍READ MORE,5.0
really Awsome Tv  After delivery of product the next or on that day only i got installation and good support and wonderful sms support from installation ........ignore negitive reviews because its a impactable Awsome tv with all smart featuresREAD MORE,5.0
The TV is worth. only the outer panel could have been better with good quality. sound and pic quality very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Overall the TV's impressions was superb, great sound quality, great viewing angles...Miracast had some titter bitters with phones other than mi phones, and the only thing I say that was behind the Thomson tv was Google Play... rest all was goodREAD MORE",5.0
"DO NOT BUY THIS.Jeeves service was very bad, took them 1 week to come home and install the tv, and when it was installed, the picture and audio quality is not what you have in mind. The speakers make torn sounds, the picture quality is 480p in 1080p videos. Forget about your channels, picture clarity of the cable is worst. LG CRT tv has way better quality than so-called ""MI LED SMART"" which was not even LED, the product had a sticker of LCD and not LED. I wanted to return or get a refund....READ MORE",1.0
niCe pictures quality is good...nice and clear sound ..... awesome products in such a good renge......READ MORE,4.0
"Display - 5/5Full HD Quality - 5/5Sound - 5/5Connectivity - 5/5Smart UI - 5/5Navigation Speed - 5/5I think some most popular apps like YouTube, Hotstar etc. should be pre-installed.But, overall its an excellent TV. Just go for it without any second thought.READ MORE",5.0
"The TV is great & at this price, I cannot get a better one at this price.Pros: It can play almost everything from normal DVD, HD to 4K videosThe video quality of the blue ray (full high HD quality videos) is crystal clear & is watchable from a one feet distance.The 4K video played from a pen-drive using the TV USB port is super crystal clear & I am amazed by the picture quality.By 2019 all MI TV will get update Android 8.0 Oreo with play store Cons:It does not have android play store ...READ MORE",5.0
"Mi is a company which is making every common man uncommon.First of all, Tv is great with price point. PROS.1. Attractive price2. Nice speakers3. Easy UI4. Looks premium5. Easy to install (no need of authorised personal)(just be little precautious)6. No of slots for HDMICONS1. No IR cable in box contents2. Weird software patchwall. 3. No Google play store3. Lower connectivity options4. No Bluetoothsome cons are ok with this price point but TV needs to be updated to Oreo or ...READ MORE",4.0
Nice product from MI.... thanks to MI team......this is a true review about the product....Picture quality is good from a distance view about 10 feet ... picture quality is very bad when u r look at a distance  less than 7 feet... friends if u r looking for a real picture quality kindly spend little more money and go for Sony or LG etc .... otherwise you can select this product...READ MORE,3.0
"1- Product delivered on time with safe packing. 2- Demonstration & Installation process by Jeeves (sellers) are quite good. 3- Picture quality of T.V is amazing,  if you are connecting with your wi-fi then your speed should be at least 2mbps for better experience. 4- Mira-Cast fascinating feature & USP of this product works smoothly. 5- Hotstar & YouTube will installed automatically within 1 hour depends on you Wi-Fi speed.  So you don't need to install these apps externally. 6- So...READ MORE",5.0
Connectivity: perfect smart tv with all connectivity options like LAN and WiFiDisplay: its not vibrant and saturated as compared to high end TVs like Sony and Samsung but you cant expect much in this price point. blacks are grayed out which looses the overall picture quality. this can be get better by adjusting display setting but not up to the mark. to get 1080p resolution you have to side load YouTube app.Sound: sound is not that great but more than enough for good movie experience.Pros:...READ MORE,4.0
nice TV best quality and best sound and really I impressedREAD MORE,5.0
I had bought this device 2 weeks before. it is a very good device. I liked it very much I am very happy to buy this tv. it has 3USB and 3 HDMI port. This TV is Actually very impressive and a good performance is awesome and is budget king .This TV offers more things as compare to other in this costing range and ots picture quality is good and sound too .But it is bit non user friendly and it look futuristic and seems to be bezel less and is very slim and doesn' t feel heavy look like the older...READ MORE,5.0
"This TV doesn't support Google Play Store and some other apps such as YouTube,  Amazon Prime Video,  Chrome Browser etc., I also tried playing Prime Videos in Mozilla Firefox but I couldn't.  It shows all the Videos and Movies in Prime but I couldn't play them☹. Not that user friendly as I expected!  Sound system also not that good. Demo also not good.  I had to follow up with the service engineer to get the installation done. He was in a hurry and didn't explain clearly about how to instal...READ MORE",1.0
"The TV works fine as per the value. The sound is in the lower sides and not sufficient if you place the unit in a relatively larger room (sound starts cracking on the higher side). The installation services by Jeeves is DISASTER. I had to install the TV in my own because of repeated failed commitments for appointment from Jeeves. On the top, on escalating the matter, I got a call from Jeeves who said "" It's just a tv, why can't you install it on your own"". Wonderful, isn't it?READ MORE",5.0
"Product is MI LED smart TV but in label on TV display, it mentioned as the equipment type is LCD.WHY, KINDLY JUSTIFY.READ MORE",5.0
I am posting review after 15 days. Nice smart TV under this budget. No issues till date. Great picture clarity. Nice sound. Purchased F&d sound bar for greater sound. Only little issues are aux out port not proving proper output sound. Have to purchase coaxial wire for better sound compatibility with home theatres. Second Casting is 95 percent. But considering budget i got it in 18500 under mega sale so best i can get. Thanks flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
very good product from MI i liked the tv it is very decent and with quality of sound . very nice and brilliant service from jeeves he was well maintained and with good talking skills and show each and every step very clear. Thanks Flipkart for the wonderful service and very fast.READ MORE,4.0
Works well ..clarity a bit dull... doesn't feel like a full HD TV .... otherwise best TV for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"I AM VERY MUCH SURPRISED BY ITS PERFOMANCE.. IT IS NON OTHER THAN A MINI PC FOR ME.. I CAN DO WHATEVER I WANTS TO DO ON MY LAPTOP.. BIG SCREEN IS EQUALSTO BIG MAZZA.... I CAN MIRROR MY LAPTOP ,PHONE ON IT.. I THINK THERE IS NOT ANY LED TV SET WHICH IS EVEN SMART TV AT THIS PRICE POINT .. SOUND QUALITY IS JUST AMAZING, I THINK WILL NOT HAVE TO SPEND EXTRA BUGS TO BUY HOME THEATRE.. BECAUSE  ITS SOUND IS AS MUCH AS LOUD THAT WHENEVER YOU PLAY MUSIC YOU CAN NOT STOP YOURSELF AS IT WILL FORCE YOU...READ MORE",5.0
"Have used the TV for 1 month, it is definitely a good product at this range and hd channel gives a clear picture quality while other normal channels are not ok in terms of viewing experience. it has many options to watch movies, songs etc in a HD quality through USB and also wireless display (mobile to tv) is great. sound is also good but the user sound setting needs to be set everytime when switching on the TV as it is not coming with default.READ MORE",4.0
very nice excellent LED Smart TV for MI brandREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice tv under budget. Good sound quality and clear picture. Impressive design.READ MORE,4.0
I BUGHT THIS ITEM .I AM VERY EXCITED MI TV IS VERY SLIM AND VERY FAST WORKREAD MORE,5.0
flipkart delivery and the Mi installation are very good. first of all it's a good TV at this price point. there are other TVs but you can trust Mi because you have service centres around you. and coming back to TV it's a good onebut the display is not that great I mean it doesn't look like a 1080p but does look like a display between 720p &1080p.Sound quality- as it is a Mi TV you could easily expect a louder sound as their phones have. it isn't so annoying at higher volume levels.connecti...READ MORE,4.0
No apps work properly and no proper smart tv If you are only buying for tv that’s fine Nothing more then thatREAD MORE,1.0
I thought it was A Small Tv But When I Opened The Box And I Was Like OMFG!!!😍😍 So Beautiful And Sound Quality Is WoW Look into the picture that I've Sent Superb Picture Quality And Very Low Price You Should Go And Buy NowREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst display, looks like non HD, old OS system, unlike pro TV no oreo update yet. Feel like MI dumping this old version item. Check for yourself see if you can play any YouTube video, it plays only upto 720p. There is no option of 1080. The same video i can play on my mobile at 1080p. The patchwall OS display resolution is 1280 x720 that is HD ready display not full HD. Then why  I paid more money to get HD ready experience. I wish if there a return and refund option.READ MORE",1.0
Except  colour quality which too is best in the segment.. but not like sony triluminuous but all well except.. Go for it blindly withoyt giving another thought if your budget is around 12-13K.READ MORE,4.0
nice TV nice budget good delivery very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Hi I'm Solai Selvan.SI bought it 3 months back ₹13999 only. Nice product. Now I'm watching all new movies via TV only Instead of my tab. Also I have using Redmi Note 4 mobile. Mi products very good and worth price with quality.READ MORE,4.0
"Mi TV is very good product , value for money , the best part sound quality of TV is much better than other led TV.remote is looking very nice small & nice.READ MORE",5.0
"Very good product, best TV around 35k rupees. Bought it for 22k. Good picture quality and sound quality, Expect from the side loading of apps, It is mind-blowing.READ MORE",5.0
"PROS1. Picture quality.2. Sound qualityCons1. No app store. You will have to put .apk file into TV using Pen drive to install an app.2. Remote is not smart (No air mouse, no voice control). You will need to buy a Bluetooth controlled air mouse for smooth browsing through apps like Netflix, Youtube etcREAD MORE",3.0
"TV is good for this much price (24K)Miracast not working for Moto phonesPicture clarity for hd channels are good but for normal channels it's poor when comparing with 32"" TVoverall it's a cost effective purchasenever feel bad....READ MORE",4.0
nice technology and featuresAirtel tv does not work.  with good internet speed a delight indeed. picture quality is good. value for money. recommended productREAD MORE,5.0
TV is Nice but It is Three Star Atleast It Should Be Five STAR Energy Efficient. in Features Vise No Space Available For Apps And Videos Storage Out Of 8 GB Only 5 GB Available and Only 1GB RAM 2018 Model is it ?Plus I am Not Able To Find How To Download AppsREAD MORE,5.0
TV was good but on TV lable they written as a LCD TV But I bought Led TV is it LED or LCD TV? and my remote down volume butten was not working some times... The TV vedio and sound clarity so good... Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I liked the TV overall. Right now it is Worth for the money. Hope it works in the same way for longer duration of time.READ MORE,5.0
Mi Led Smart TV 4A (32) IS PERFECT...!!!!All apps are working properly the best thing is u can use it by your mi remote its awesome simply connect or phone with your tv then use your tv in your phone without aiming into the TVMy Recommendation is at this price Mi Led Smart Tv (32) is best tv everAnd don't buy mi 4c pro too many bugs are in mi 4c pro its look like android phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Overall Good Deal.Best Smart TV in Affordable Price.Play Store not availableREAD MORE,4.0
firstly this TV is made by TCLand that's because they make TV for Thomson as well and are some of the top TV makers secondly Flipkart set ice is lackluster at best delivery guy was very helpful one request if you are facing issues with installation would be to call your local jeeves service centre and ask them to look into the matter and they would reply the guy came after one day only I have it on table top and the issue is that they seem to take more time for wall mounts claiming wall moun...READ MORE,4.0
"!Value of Money! Good Picture quality, Nice Sound. Connectivity with mobile is good especially with MI mobiles. I purchased on 11800 which best price I think bcz I have 10% cashback on my HDFC Credit Card. All in all best deal.READ MORE",4.0
At this price product is to good. Really worth for money with This Mi TV. Thanks for this nice Product. Happy with flipkart service.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing TV at such an affordable price.  the picture quality is really amazing and top notch.  Sound quality is good but doesn't do enough justice to the size of the TV.  Kudos to Flipkart for really fast delivery and same day installation. Totally worth buying.READ MORE,5.0
The TV is very nice at that price. The build quality is very poor. All features working good and app installation gets some difficulty. Overall 3 star rating is enough to this TV. TV frames are not fitted perfectly the frames are getting loose when pressing very lightly. At last the mi TV 4a is prefered if you have only less money.READ MORE,3.0
"It’s the best HD tv you can get for 20k. Pros - Best picture quality in this price range - Loud sound - Actually smart tv, Netflix, YouTube Hotstar etc work fine- Lots of connectivity options with mutiple USB and HDMI ports for ease of accessCons- No android play store support so you have to sideload apps, which is a pain and not all are supported. - Sound is loud, however the levels are different for movie, sport, etc and some are very low. Overall this is the best TV in this rang...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent value for money.Great performance and good connectivity.i plan to buy MI Pro series tv too.i recommend to take extra warranty too.though the tv is trouble freeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product.. superb sound quality and display.. one must enjoy this product at such reasonable cost.READ MORE,4.0
"it's a very good TV in this range,sound quality is little bit not effective like whatever they said, but overall experience is away some ...thanks MI .READ MORE",5.0
nice products . sound quality is ok. picture quality is not so Good. product is value for money compare than  others led tv for this range . at least overall nice product .READ MORE,5.0
worth of money.this TV is very good in this price catgary.i bought it from 12150 in this price no other smart t v in market thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice quality and build, super sound, picture quality is also good for SD as well as HD. RecommendedREAD MORE",5.0
"Picture quality is very low. Bought for replacing my Panasonic tv with a smart tv. But not at all satisfied with the pitcher quality. Even though price is low, expected a better product from MI.READ MORE",3.0
Good picture quality with HD connection..Sound is good but cannot compare with sony quality..miracast and net connectivity is working good..Hotstar and You Tube will be automatically installed of you keep connected with internet.Issues. Not playing all audio formats...Video formats need to check...No google play store for app installationOverall good buying at this cost since top brands price is almost double of this. review after two months use Good performance in hd connection. good pic...READ MORE,4.0
"Tv is awesome and supports all app like hotstar, jio tv, YouTube and many more sound quality is good.. you need to have a hd setup box or channels to have better quality of picture...Thanks Flipkart and Mi..READ MORE",4.0
I got the TV delivered and installed yesterday. Thank you flipping for your prompt delivery and assistance. The TV is good.  picture and sound quality is good.  perfect for middle class family.READ MORE,4.0
it's nice smart TV looking like a mirror in a very affordable price but Wall mountain is not free with this  TV they charged to me for 520₹ for Wall mountain board & two pieces of mi remote battery  so please think about thisotherwise it's awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't buy this TV. It's not Android TV. No inbuilt Bluetooth connectivity. Android Apps like Netflix, Amazon prime not supported and not installed by us. 😭😭 Wall mount is not provided by the manufacturer, but other TV brands manufacturers are providing free of cost. After usge of 1 & 1/2 yrs display and speakers not working.Don't buy extended warranty. It is cheating by Jeeves & Co.READ MORE",1.0
Specifications not mentioned clearly. It’s a Android TV but doesn’t support Google play store. Doesn’t support Netflix or Amazon prime. Don’t go for MI TV there are better options in market.READ MORE,1.0
"Hi. I am Kumhar Rahul insan. My Mi LED is Very good quality product. This is my buget price  product.Quality is not a best but a better.Comparison to other product , price this is a BEST.quality is not a full HD but hd ready. Pics is .....READ MORE",5.0
As well known Mi LED Smart TV is the cheap and best in the market. I agree to best in this price range and I am happy to  buy it.READ MORE,4.0
Just wow...... 43 inch ...Its look like a theater in my home.... Overall its worth for money...but sometimes the pixel boxes are coming in screen while using settop box...please improve the Picture quality also little bit...Flipkart is awesome ..i got the TV and Onstallation within same day.. Thank you Redmi and Fkipkart.. 😍READ MORE,4.0
Good clarity and good audio. Worth of money.......READ MORE,5.0
very nice product valu of mony  is the very nice lesprice nd more work nice pecture qualityREAD MORE,4.0
good quality and sound quality is better and Dolby sound digital is it clear it is HD set top box in the 40 video on the only supportedREAD MORE,5.0
First of all Thank you flipkart for exceptional delivery time. They have deliver the TV at 11 PM because deewali season. Aboit the TV its more than expected. Picture quality is good. HD channels are showing best of them. Sound quality is average so if you have big hall then might need external speakers. Bezels are thin which is good in  this price range.Netflix is not supported so i am little disappointed. But we can share mobile screen using  mirror screen. Bluetooth is not there so tha...READ MORE,5.0
"It is a very useful thing value for money so much of contents many shows apps etc . So, much features screen mirroring, wifi connectivity and hd sound quality . Works like a pc we can also connect our pc we can connect keyboard and mouse to operate A very useful product.Also we can use youtube and others. The three usb and HDMI ports are very useful to play various things. We can also connect our CPU to this with HDMI and use it as a PC monitor. We can also connect Xbox and game consoles to ...READ MORE",5.0
EXcellent TV at this price.Good picture qualityVery good sound qualityNet connectivity and screen sharing is goodUser friendly interface and easy to operate.READ MORE,5.0
Nice 43 inch TV in my budget. No need setup box you can use it by internet only. I like it very much. And also thanks to flipkart for good service and delivery.READ MORE,4.0
"nice item by MI, very good Tv in low budget with smart connectivity and other features. value for money. But one thing i recommending to MI that please make easy to use its OS. overall awesome.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product. Works like a charm. TACTV Tamilnadu Arasu Cable TV is more than enough for Tamilnadu consumers. Picture quality is very good. Great job mi team.keep it up.READ MORE,5.0
"- picture quality is not as expected (contrast, hue, sharpness... all crap)- no playstore supported. no app supported (thru .apk)- miracast->lagging. not for games, movies ?!?!-no use of patchwall for southindians.-no android Oreo based update available.should go for high quality LED TV, than buying this smart TV.READ MORE",2.0
"This is one of the best Chinese scams, they provide smart television with faulty and incomplete software. They provide only one kind of internet connection 'no proxy kind', the most insecure internet connection.However, if you have a secure internet connection with advanced settings like proxy, then you are doomed. With a secure internet connection you can not use any smart features, just use it with normal cable/dth, forget YouTube, Netflix or prime. All other smart tv manufacturers supp...READ MORE",1.0
"Nothing beats it awesome product at this price range, it's better to make OS smooth and better to add Google apps.READ MORE",5.0
"Best price. But miracast not connecting to my moto G play mobile. just connecting and immediately within in second disconnecting.android PDF apk installed successfully but  not working.TV outer frame made with normal plastic., which is similar to normal frame where we can see in laminated photo frame. Some times wall mount getting small amount of current, when I am trying to connect Pendrive or any cable my hand sencing like ""zim"". even tester also showing light but not all times (There i...READ MORE",4.0
Very nice TV. perfect size for my room . I was very confused before buying it but now I am fully satisfied . The sound quality is super awesome.  Voot channel is only free but you need to connect with Wi-Fi . You can play video songs and TV Serials . Youtube is availbe. Overall Good TV in this price segment.READ MORE,5.0
nice tv. i m happy with mi tv and proper delivery and installation by flipcart on proper timing.thank u flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"nice product, thanks to mi and thnx to flipkart for best price. Value for money. connectivity is good in all.READ MORE",5.0
"tv is good... .. good picture quality and sound quality.. has wifi..pros :good picture quality... supports HD (not full HD)good sound qualitywifismart tvhas all required apps like youtube, voot miracast( screen mirroring)USB ports.Cons :sound quality is average when connected via mircastno smart google voice enabled remotedoesnt support full HDno google play... to download apps ( u can manually install it... the process is very annoying)No pre installed netflixcolour balance ...READ MORE",4.0
overall very good TV in this price range but expected audio output connectivity like RCA pin or 3.5 mm jack which is not there & also no VGA option which is very common & available in other brands.As I wanted to connect my 2.1 Panasonic home theatre the only option left was to connect with head phone jack in the TV .contacted the technical support as to how to connect via HDMI ARC output of the led tv to my 2.1 home theatre as it has only RCA pin & 3.5 jack support & availability of the cable...READ MORE,5.0
If you are looking for and good smart TV don't buy this as 1. No good apps available by default.2. If you install apps from aptoid or internet they don't work.3. Youtube doesn't support 1080 p4. Netflix doesn't work on HD5. Even screen mirror fails .READ MORE,1.0
picture quality best sound very very best and almost is bestMI remote very very good and easy we control only 11 keyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV.. value for money. but google play store is not supported in this device not cannot be installed too in this smart TV. Remaining is good and can enjoy with picture quality..READ MORE,4.0
"dear friends,sorry to write this review but it is the worst experience with this Mi LED Smart TV.picture quality is not good.as well as, we raise a return complaint to flipkart in same day within 2 hours.They sent one technician to check, after cross checking all features, he confirmed that bottom line area of screen is not clear.but still given the feedback - "" issue is resolved and customer is happy"".as well as Flipkart's customer care department is also useless.this is worst exper...READ MORE",1.0
"The TV seems to be good , Mi is new in this field it is trying to compete with the giants like LG, Samsung,Sony , If Mi wants to capture the market it has to make the customer happy by providing a long lasting product. As a customer I have to wait for its long lasting performance.      on the other hand Flipkart is awesome with its delivery and hope so for the service a alsoREAD MORE",4.0
Very Good Quality of Smart LED Tv In Low Cost as per others LED Tv..READ MORE,5.0
Timely delivery and installation. Picture quality and sound is good. with my mi phone screen cast is working great. I thing that I didn't like is the absence of the Google play store. Side loading apps don't work that good in this TV. You may have to purchase a firestick in case you want to experience seamless interaction with you favorite apps other than that comes pre installed.READ MORE,4.0
"In offer for it for 12k. In this price range excellent picture quality, sound and able to install all apps through Apotide TV compatibility app suggested even in MI forum itself.only one con as of now is Google voice search and Chromecast built in support not available right now. That too in future MI 4A will get update by 2019 is the added advantage.READ MORE",5.0
"nice product for this price but it would better if mi add led pannel at this price, flipkart delevery is too late ane got defective piece  . well ends well is all well. vu is better then mi at this priceREAD MORE",4.0
"After use one year i rate this product, this is so good and it's sound is very good i love this tv sound and picture qualityREAD MORE",5.0
"awesome product, definitely go for it.display is very nice even I'm using a normal setup box.audio is also nice but not bass is lacking, otherwise clearity and loudness hi too good, I've not turn the volume above 60% yet bcoz it's too loud.connectivity is fast and screen mirror is amazing but in some phones are lacking due to WiFi issue.TV remote is also nice it's too small for my liking, and I think it's the Bluetooth one but there are still same 3 usb ports available.just put in the ba...READ MORE",5.0
Very Nice .......This is best led smart tv and on time delivery with 24 hour installation and demoREAD MORE,5.0
tv is awesome ..I gifted this tv to my brother...he is so happy and I think this is best gift for dear ones😊READ MORE,5.0
I got the product on time. But the installation service is not yet received. today was the time shown in Flipkart app showing information and demo service but the technician called in the morning and told he would come at evening and when we call him at the evening he said he will come tomorrow. I feel like when providing such a good product it should be also provided with good service. please take care of that too.READ MORE,5.0
"Good TV at this price, not yet tested it wiith HD. But with local set up box, clarity is more than my expectations. Heard lot of bad reviews about Jeeves installation services but they responded very quickly, rescheduled installation earlier to the normal scheluded time upon my request. Observations : 1. Better TV @this price. 2: sound was louder than a normal tv. 3: picture quality is average, not great (with non HD connection )4: Installations guys will recommend for extended warranty a...READ MORE",5.0
"TV is preferably fine but the Installation process is very very pathetic, u need to pay 500 to get 4 nut bolts to install Ur TV on wooden board which 4 nutbolts would be the part of TV only.and installation guys will attend u nicely only if u buy TV stand with them.READ MORE",2.0
The product is good just not happy with the casting option as it is not clear.. I haven't explored it much but satisfied with the product where I have attached a fire stick..READ MORE,4.0
The TV is really good and picture and sound clarity is so soothing. Worth buying it. And Flipkart big billion offer is an additional benefit.READ MORE,5.0
The product is good but the delivery service which provide by flipcartt is so  worst .  mi tv 32 inch is good as compare to other smart tv and price also .*speaker is good 9out of 10*remote is also good *great picture quality *processor is good work *but the delivery service so worst they did not contact me whenever the product is came and they wrote the address is incomplete by Gati limited but actually the address is right and i gone there in nagpur hub and then they are gave my produ...READ MORE,4.0
[value for money]# this was the great invention by mi for Indian market..I just dis satisfied for the picture quality but as the price range this was the best...The main actratable think was the sound these are really awesome I give it 10/10 for zero noise sound claritypatchwall works superb with 8.1...In my opinion jst go for it ...READ MORE,5.0
"I received the product on confirmed date i.e. 28th of Oct, 18 and once i received, installation and demo schedule comes on my mobile for 29th i.e. on the next date. On 29th i got the installation. I am very satisfied with the services which i got. Now the product comes. with the price range it is awesome. I cant expect the picture and the black screen like Sony, Samsung or LG. But it is the good with the range. For connectivity, it works fine with my Jio or Vodafone hotspot. So i personally l...READ MORE",5.0
"mi tv is best in class because:1.It is cheapest smart tv with android 6.02. picture quality is awesome and sound quality is mind blowing3. it has so many ports that u can connect whole lot of devicesoverall is excellent features more than samsung, sony smart tv which cost double and tripleREAD MORE",1.0
"Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43) is really smart in all aspects. The picture quality is awesome especially in HD display. Sound quality is very good. Watching movies in HD display make feel like as if we are in PVR. Value for money, Speaker quality is good, Patchwall OS is good and lots of content. Forget Sony, Samsung and other famous brands, just choose this product. This is a general and honest review I am giving based on my experience.READ MORE",4.0
"Best value for money. really good when u put 4k videos on youtube (depending on your connection of course). Casting quality also good although there can be some drag. We can add apps and use VLC player etc for better compatibility. But u need to download the playstore (aptoide tv) app on the computer and transfer to TV through USB. Through this you can download other apps like netflix, prime tv, games. Can connect laptop and watch through HDMI. Can connect external hard disk and watch without...READ MORE",5.0
awesome tv.. love it very nice tv in less price. delivery and installation no issue is at on time. thank you filpkart n xiomiREAD MORE,5.0
"Good PictureGood Sound Good looking....... etc... Etc..... I am first time buy this product in last month and nice experience and proper satisfaction.... andThis is my 2nd MI Television and really this is a fantastic product,  I will suggest my friends👭👬👫 and relatives 👨👦👧👩👴👵, contact members to buy this 📺📺TVThanks MI and Flippant..READ MORE",5.0
Installation done on the same day of delivery. Packaging is good. At this price it is better than all other tv.in addition it will also receive oreo android and chrome cast built-in update. Thank you flipkart for this amazing product and service.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Experience with MI TV(1) Clarity - Superb(2) Sound - very Nice (3) Android / Smart TV - Also very nice and Lot of Movies & Video available with Patchwall and Hotstar but need Good Internet Connectivity Flipkart Delivery and Installation as per committed date..... ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
"I was out of town and this TV was purchased for my parents. once I was in town, I found the picture quality is blurry, sound are not compatible with DishTV and red & black colour are not red and black.For smart TV use, need to purchase additional optical mouse and keyboard.Hence no value for money at allREAD MORE",1.0
"Good TV at this price, non HD channels with HD cable are Good and HD channels are SIMPLY SUPERB.  AV mode  (3 pin plug) channels are normal clarity. OVERALL GOOD TV AT THIS PRICE.READ MORE",5.0
I bought this TV during Big billion day sale and got this only 20k with extra 2 year warranty. it is very good in terms of price.. but I advised u don't buy any tv just because of smartness ur first preference should be picture quality in TV which is just average in MI TV 4Apicture : 3/5 if ur first preference is picture quality plz don't buy it. it just avg quality u should buy VU Samsung sony brand they provide better picture quality. because black color looks grayish which is not good f...READ MORE,4.0
nice led picture quality is good but canactvity not goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb quality and function, in this price range this Mi led smart TV worth it.. Wall mount charges should not be 500rs. But TV is awesome, easily connect with my phone, WiFi working fine and picture quality is also very good...READ MORE",5.0
"picture quality is not that good compared to other brands,4a smart TV good but not a useful remote,which can't even search YouTube videos neither it can browse the web through downloaded browser.hectic to search or browse internet.if keyboard or mouse supported.it would be truly amazing at this price range.sound quality is good.usb supported.if you want to play games you need joystick.extra 400/- for wall Mount, will be provided by the service engineer at the time of installation.READ MORE",4.0
PICTURE QUALITY IS VERY IS MEDIOCRE. IN FACT LOW. IT IS NOT AT ALL UPTO THE MARK FOR A BRAND LIKE MI. SHARPNESS OF PICTURES ON SCREEN AND THE REALISTIC COLOURS OF IMAGES MISSING. I AM GIVING THREE STARS FOR ITS  OTHER SMART FEATURES .READ MORE,3.0
One of the best product for the amount paid. worth every single penny. from picture quality to sound and installation and delivery everything was perfect. Thank-you Flipkart and MI for such a great product.READ MORE,5.0
good features smart TV got for 22000 sound quality is good display quality averagefeatures are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV  superb picture quality awesome sounds Mi brand is super beats all tv like LG Samsung SonyBest and truly smart TV  and Flipkart is my love big billion day sale just  RS 12000.Flipkart is  best.flipkart is  Good and always help us for Best deal. i bought stuff of 1 lakh RS. in the big billion sale.READ MORE,5.0
"Superb Value for moneyOn screen patch LCD is written,but actually it is a new technology having mixture of LCD and LEDPicture quality is superbSound is enough,no soundbar required for normal day to day usePatchwall is software in which youtube like features a present Connectivity is excellentREAD MORE",5.0
perfect TV for medium hall 10x15 size. super picture in hd channels.Miracast works very goodWiFi connection is very goodquality of body is just ok.you can install other apps through mx playerit works with 1  tb hard driveI bought August 18READ MORE,4.0
excellent smart TV on this budget and for wall mounting we have to pay 500 Extra I think this kit should come with TV then it will be worth for buyersREAD MORE,5.0
I got this TV on a flash sale just for 12k. I was really impressed with the quality that they have provided under 15k price tag. Sound quality is excellent. Outside frame is bit of a low quality plastic but you can't expect more of it under this price. Overall a best budget TV on today's market.READ MORE,5.0
"reviewing after 110 days. mi TV is truly a value for money. got it in just 19500rs.pros:it has great viewing angle.picture quality looks great.speakers are just awesome, no need for external sound bars and all.connectivity of the TV with external devices is good.TV remote is awesome with only 8 buttons (Bluetooth remote would have been better) (greedy)patchwall content is great.cons:sometime patchwall irritates a little bit.no android update till today even though company said it'l...READ MORE",4.0
"Product is nice compare to price, size and weight, Screen Mirroring goodNot Available - Google Play store, Any Browser, Not Able to play Games, You Tube also not available in build.Picture quality good but not as I expected.READ MORE",3.0
"I got this one in 18,200, its a great product as compared to other 43 LED tv's.4k experience is great without any glitches, can easily mirror my laptop screen as well with HD videos without any lag.The only problem is when you are watching images from a external storage like pen drive, and if the images are more than 10mb in size, it got freezed.READ MORE",4.0
"after using it over 1 month, I can safely review the television to be ... beautiful. the smart features are more than enough at this price range, video quality is excellent, sound is good.READ MORE",5.0
"Ultimate purchase that makes you feel proud at this cheep cost. Use stabilizer and external speakers to have a long life for this TV. Built quality is not so strong, so don't often touch the TV to move. Performance wise this is best at this cost level. You will get best Android experience. Try to use external additional pendrive port plugs, so you don't have to use your pendrive directly on TV pendrive port. As I said built quality is not strong enough to handle all these physical contacts, s...READ MORE",5.0
TV is good in price but picture issues.from front side it looks great but from side looks like no colour.only whitens. i think it's for lcd panel.overally good.READ MORE,5.0
"Worth every Penny, Same quality competitive brand will cost twice the price. So may features. Stunning picture quality. Sound quality is amazing! Worth to buy. Same day delivery and installation. Thanks to Great Flipkart service!READ MORE",5.0
"At this price point, definitely it is a good buy. Only con which I can think of right now is that screen is not so crisp like LG or Sony but fir what we are paying we are getting much more in return. One word of advice, after receiving the TV just call MI directly for the installation these guys are very quick and prompt and will do the installation for you for free. One word for Jeeves installation services 'PATHETIC', they called me for installation after two weeks of the TV delivery...they...READ MORE",3.0
Very very very very very high definition coality tv.all are good features in mi 4a tv.best TV in this prize renge.I love at first by my TV.very very very very very nice product in this prize.😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍please buy mi product they are build the best product.mi is always best.READ MORE,5.0
super best excellent awesome i like itREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent support from Jeeves, Mr Kiran was very helpful in explanation of product features band fitment.he fixed it according to my choice.and spend sufficient time for explanation, it was good support from jeevesREAD MORE",5.0
"Picture quality not good ,But worth for money , Smart option goodREAD MORE",4.0
"The picture quality is good.Audio output is great.The Patchwall OS of Android looks nice and easy to use.No connectivity issues.Xiaomi service is very responsible and sends service engineer on time for free installation and demo. The TV remote is simple and easy to use.Screen mirroring is good, however a slight latency is experienced.Can install apps via USB and all looks to be working fine.TOTALLY WORTH IT !READ MORE",5.0
"Posting this review after 10days of viewing experience:-                                                                     1.Colors are sharp, Bright and natural.            2.Connecting to online contents & watching 'em is also an ease.                                                                                       3.Never feel boredom with 5lakhs+ online contents at one go.                                                                 4.Downloadable apps available - ""Hotstar"",""Zee...READ MORE",5.0
"Picture quality is not so good , but this price range it is Ok. Sound quality is good and connectivity also good.Frankly speaking , at this price range this T V is very goodREAD MORE",4.0
"The product is fine from smart TV perspective. But screen mirroring does not seem to work with the TV. Though it was a high value purchase, but neither flipkart nor Mi took enough care in this regard to check with the issue. Technician visit was scheduled twice to check with the problem. But not a single time, a person visited to check the issue. Flipkart without any further care, cancelled refund process. They seem to have nothing to say in this regard.I was expecting little more care from...READ MORE",2.0
Good pictureAverage sound.Though it automatically increase and decrease volume on internet content...Youtube connectivity is average..Apps from aptroide doesn't work properly.Jio 5v doesn't work beacause of google play absenceOverall Good !!READ MORE,3.0
"Value for Money got it for  18900/- Picture Quality is Excellent ,its not an android TV can Install most of the apps ,Hotstar,Netflix comes pre-installed ,comming to sound quality is good but not the best .its100% value for Money.READ MORE",5.0
Perfect mid range in less than budget price even with more than sufficient working features.. Better than what expected... Good job Mi 👍.READ MORE,4.0
amazing and nice product by mi... lobe this tv.. its slim n best video quality.. thanks to mi and flipcart...READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality average for a 43 niche tv. works well with SD digi  set top box. good connectivity.READ MORE,5.0
TV is simply superb.. We are well satisfied with picture quality as well as Sound. No issue in connecting TV to mobile .. Smooth navigation.. Well designed.READ MORE,5.0
The TV is working fine with good picture quality and sound. Flipkart delivery was super quick. Happy with the purchase.READ MORE,5.0
This is one of the best TV from Mi. Overall it is good TV compared to the other TV available in the market. It is slim. But it's remote has few issues.(1) difficult to back when you are watching anything on YouTube. (2) It take time while typing through remote. I got this at very low price  in big billions days. If you have Internet then there is no need to use  Dish TV or cable connection. You can watch many of channels by App. Even you can subscribe channels by paying a minimum amount. As f...READ MORE,5.0
"I like it, , wifi easy connected, 4k supported, but mobile mirror connect does not support if you have mi phone then you easy connect otherwise mi the was good I'm happy with this TV and my family tooREAD MORE",4.0
awsome very good products nd service nd superb demo service best products very low priceREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this Smart TV and i assure you it's the best at its price range. Please don't compare picture quality with Sony/Samsung smart TVs, they are far expensive than this for this screen size. Miracast works flawlessly.We will also receive Chromecast update next year which of course has its own advantages. UI is plain and simple to understand and use.Have DTH connectivity with HD channels and you will feel the true value for money. SD channels looks decent. I hope that this Tv lasts for long.READ MORE",5.0
Bought this TV during big billion days. Will be a fantastic experience if you love big screen TV's. The only issue is that it doesn't have play services or play store. Saw on flipkart page that this TV will be getting an update with play store and Chromecast in 2019. Eagerly waiting for that now.READ MORE,4.0
The tv NOT full hd 1080 LED display. only 720 hd ready LCD type panel. not Worth 23 k.READ MORE,3.0
This is after 20 days of use. Picture & Sound quality are of most important for a TV. This TV suffice both these requirements very well.Being smart means you get what you want. Has good options available for content over net.Not having Google Services is a major drawback. A good add on could be a camera which can takeover this product to an higher level.READ MORE,5.0
Tv is awesome at this price range. TVs with same features and different brands like LG and SONY starts at 45-50k. This device at 23k is a bomber.PROS:-1. Picture quality though not best but is good enough.2. Sound is louder. But i recommend to use a home theatre to get pleasant audio track.3. Smart Tv with android 8.1 update. 1gb ram and 8gb rom with play store which allows you to download apps and install them in your TV set.4. It has got much more ports to connect with different types...READ MORE,5.0
Value for money. Everyone who dreamt to buy a smart tv but can't afford can go for this one... Best smart tv provided by MI with a low cost affordable price...Thanks to MI👍READ MORE,5.0
Super picture clarity I love d it thank uREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome and Excellent product in this price, recommend for everone, thank you Flipkart for your service.READ MORE",2.0
1. This is not a LED TV.  It is a LCD Panel. 2. Audio and picture quality is fine. 3. Mira is the only special feature . Who so ever is planning to buy a LED TV please go for other brands...READ MORE,2.0
awesome tv ....with great feature just go for it..igot it for just 21k on bbd sale...the only con. about this tv is that it does not have Google Play services right now..but we will get it soon via update in 2019 as promised by Xiaomi..READ MORE,4.0
I am very happy to purchase MI TV. This is very low in price & good in quality like other TV's.READ MORE,5.0
This review is based on my experience after 15 days of use.1) Is this the best LED? --> No. Picture quality in other expensive brands like Sony/Samsung etc would be slightly better. Audio is something that could have been better.Now i will rephrase my question.2) Is this the best LED in this price range --> Yes. This has many features and Picture quality is good. Again don't expect it to be on par with Sony/Samsung but overall its good.3) What could have been better --> Audio is somet...READ MORE,4.0
nice tv happy to choose it hope no issue in using more than 5years installation is super the item was delivered to me at arround 2 pm and installation is also done till 6 pm in 4 hours only thank youREAD MORE,5.0
"better than expected, UI is user friendly can learn the operations within a day,Also if ppl buying the external speakers (which has an hdmi port ) if tv speakers sound are not enough, connect the hdmi(arc) speaker port to tv speaker hdmi(arc) and change the sound settings from tv speaker to hdmi arc to enjoy from the external speakers while watching video song from Beast MI Tv. Happy watching, Good Bye.READ MORE",5.0
About TV is good. worth to buy. worked well as per specification. but the installation team not provide proper engineer to explain whole things. A unskilled person who just fitted on the wall and explained like speaking in air. Not satisfied with the performance of the installation guy. improve this service. its not just a mere feedback. thanks.READ MORE,3.0
"it's awesome.... no words to explain, it's really worth for money.... also this television come is from respectable company MI.... it's worth for the price but waiting for Oreo update.....READ MORE",5.0
"Hi good choice, better choice ,excellent choice ,correct choice ... Gain high, money less . picture quality good ,Sound terrific , smart term working good ... Totally thaarumaruu... vimal raj ekambaram kpmREAD MORE",5.0
The TV is worth the money. The screen mirroring for this price is really wonderful and thumbs up. Having used sony bravia 42 inch TV for 8 years before this I can say the the picture quality is not a match to it. It lacks the sharpness and richness that sony tv had. I feel there is a white layer always on tv even after adjusting few of the display parameters. The sound quality is very good when compared to sony tv. There are other features like few sensors are missing when compared to sony tv...READ MORE,4.0
"delivered on 25/10/2018, installation on 29/10/2018. Good TV in this price..Service Engineer came and installed TV but he did give demo and he didn't gave any answer for our questions. He didn't bring IR cable. He told he will explain everything and bring IR cable next week. I'm calling him from last month, he says tomorrow, day after tomorrow like that. still he didn't came.In Description Playstore is there. but Playstore its Not in TV.WiFi problem.. if I connect WiFi in tv after connec...READ MORE",1.0
"Picture quality is worse than a TFT monitor.Everything else is good. It's totally unwatchable. Ppl argue that you are getting a value for money, you are getting a smart tv at this price, but if picture quality is like this you can't enjoy it's charm. All of your feature is usless when nobody can watch it more than 5 min. Better go for Sony or LG of 30k range for 32 inch.READ MORE",1.0
Mi TV 4A is very good in this price range. Connectivity is very good. Miracast works nice with my Redmi 4 phone. Two usb ports working at the same time. Totally worth for money. Thanks to Ekatr to delivery within time and installation on same day by Jeeves.READ MORE,5.0
worth for money ..go for it.... good picture and sound and fast delivery by flipkart and good installation service....READ MORE,5.0
adarsh engineer came at shedule time excellent service from jeeves and clipart services I M totally satisfied with the product and jeeves and clipart services well done adarsh u done a great jobREAD MORE,5.0
"I doubt any other TV company will be able to survive in this price bracket providing such value. A few points to note1)This TV was delivered 1 hour prior to the delivery time.2) The installation was done one day prior to given time slot with coordinated calling.3) Have a little patience and do not open the box yourself, wait for the installation guy to do it. If you do want to do it yourself record an uninterrupted video of yourself doing it to avoid any damaged unit disputes4)UI is slig...READ MORE",5.0
Nice product at this price segment and thnx to FLIPKART. I got this product mi led smart tv 4a 80cm at just 13499/-.READ MORE,4.0
"Nice 43"" Smart Led TV with in Good BudgetREAD MORE",5.0
very nice product good quality everything is good in this tv not wastage of money if u want buy smart TV of any brand only but it (saving of money bro/ sis)😁😁😁😊😊😊😊😐😐😐READ MORE,5.0
"Hello Mi, Flipkart and jeeves customer service, The guy name of Siddharth came to my house for Mi Tv installation and demo purpose. He was so good with his work, he showed me all the features and if i get stuck somewhere then he ask me to call him anytime... That what i feel delight about him and this is called true customer services. God bless you Siddharth, I always love Mi products and now we have Mi Tv 43 inch to our house, I say WoW for what i have it. Lots lots lots of thanks to Mi, Fli...READ MORE",5.0
"I purchased this TV 2 weeks before writing this review.  I am pretty happy with the performance of this TV. Although this is my first time using a 43 inch LED smart TV, I can say this without hesitation that no company can give better deal than this. Great picture, good sound. If u have this tv u have one more thing to brag about.After 2 years of use.....After receiving Android 9.0 updates, official play store support is now started. Increased the rating from 4 to 5READ MORE",5.0
"We have recd our TV on 22 Oct 2018. It is working fine in all respects till today on 28 Oct 2018. it has all good features in this price range. we have paid Rs 19499 plus 500 wall mount installation so total paid Rs 19,999 on Diwali offer. Good picture quality, good sound, and inbuilt Cromecast which is really a big advantage. It has wifi plus Lan connection. 3 USB and 3 HDMI ports. I am satisfied and happy with these features. but it should work for a long time thats only hope..........READ MORE",4.0
"After using it for 6 months, I can easily say that it is the best LED you can get in this price range. Highly satisfied with the performance.READ MORE",5.0
mi smart TV ...good picture quality...sound good but connectvete....very...very..slow... only mi phone connectvet are working properly to mi smart TV not working for other smartphonesREAD MORE,3.0
"After all one more Mi include in my home. Product is absolutely amazing superb built quality, excellent HD quality videos. So why to spend 60k to 80k range for other companies TV go for mi with affordable price.READ MORE",5.0
"pros-                                                                          1. smart tv -smart features like WiFi, miracast .     2. 3 -  HDMI  PORTS , 2 USB PORTS.                          3. Both picture and sound quality are good.             4. No lag in WiFi connectivity - YouTube videos play fantastic & also jio tv.                                         5. Tv looks great. with quite bigger screen.              6.service engineer for demo & installation(5/5)                         ...READ MORE",5.0
Amazing LED Smart Tv from MI. Picture Clarity Was Awesome😍READ MORE,5.0
"EXCELLENT WHEN CAME MI TELEVISION INDIAN MARKET CHANGE ELREVOLUATIONPICTURR QUALITYN IS GOOD MY PERSONAL INFORMATION,SOUND IS BRILLIANT MY SIDEBUILT QUALITY MARVELOUSFLIPKART DELIVERY VERY VERY GOOD DELIVERY NEXT DAY PLACING ORDERSO I SUGGESTED EVERY ONE PLANNING TO PURCHASING LCD TV  CHOOSE MI TV  ONLY ONE OPTION FOR ECONOMICAL PRICE NOW A DAYS OTHER WUSE YOU MISS YOU SOMETHINGREAD MORE",5.0
writing this review after 20 days of rigourous usage!!An amazing option to buy at such a lucrative rate. Everything just clicks and TV works beautifully.The only let down for me was the screen casting feature..the TV screen lags a little while casting from the cell phone. Rest everything is great and definitely a great value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
amazing product selected price range also best service from mi installation .value for money i love mi thanks for this amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
today i received my mi tv 4a 43 inch led tv and  installation also done by mi services partner mi is awesome tv and picture quality is amazing i am waiting to play my ps4 on this tv also this is the best led tv in market ...READ MORE,5.0
"Received my TV before the delivery date till my door step, thanks for that to flipkart..Good delivery serviceAnd my Installation & demo was done after two days of delivery,need to do some follow up to Jeeves engineer finally he came &  wall mounted my TV.Iam supposed to pay only 500 for wall mounting.. unfortunately he asked one more hundred which my brother gave without informing me..Total 600 This is unprofessional I don't like this..Finally new TV1.Under 20k with this features you w...READ MORE",4.0
Nice to buy MI LED smart TV.  after searching of many  brand finally I brought this a low budget..thanks to Flipkart for fast and safe delivery..READ MORE,5.0
I'm happy with all features but the picture quality is disheartening u will see white effect which is not good :(updating the review after use of 1 week n I say just Go for it n picture quality is Good n white effect was due to some setting issue which is resolved after some research  I'm happy with this TV :)READ MORE,5.0
"TV is GOOD in the budget segmentGood and promot service by Flipkart, immediately installationAfter 10 days use writing review#Positive Aspects Picture quality is good with this budgetNo noise in pictureGood soundlook is averageconnectivity to all port is good Mira cast is working very smoothly#Negative AspectsPatch wall is good but no play storeOrea upgradation is awaited don't know when will get upgradationYou need to add app through USB pendrive which boring, Every time you...READ MORE",4.0
A service engineer mr adarsh from jeeves bareilly came at shedule time properly i m too much satisfied with the flipkart and jeeves services very good service great job excellent working thank u flipkart for better serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"i brought this MI 43 inch smart LED TV (4A) during bbd @ 21k. thanks flipkart for delivery with convenient timing options.Box content: tv unit, remote(no batteries), stand with screws (wall mount accessories not included), papers, (IR sensor not included).pros:- sound quality above average- picture quality is also ok (little bit dull as compared to VU brand tv)- MI remote is nice and compact and minimistic.- casting connection is okcons:- startup and shut down is very slow it takes...READ MORE",3.0
"I haven't received any Android Update since 2 ½ years. Everyone except me has received Android Update. You can't watch Youtube, Netfilx, Prime or any other thing on this. Its horrible 😡READ MORE",1.0
very good design and slim TV and led clarity  very good and best cost for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product with great features for less money. The MI Tv is good option for people who doesn't like to spend huge amount on branded products.READ MORE,5.0
installation on same day delivery.. worth the money... loved it but intaller engineer is as humble n knowledgeable as i expected from flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good picture quality & good sound  genuine prodct realy mi india's no 1 smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Seriously awesome product guys worth paying it I just bought it week back on big billion days for just Rs 11890.00 and the sound, pitcher clarity everything is superb and mean while even the service from flipkart was also on time don't miss itREAD MORE",5.0
"Mi led smart tv 43"" nice picture quality & sound , very important wireless displayREAD MORE",5.0
"Pros-colours are very good,. multiple ports are given,. DTH support fully fast and smooth, . sound clarity is good and loud, great build qualityCons-. no Bluetooth,  wall mount not free u have to pay 399 to the technicianFinal Rating- display clarity - 10 out of 10sound - 09 out of 10installation - 10 out of 10value of money - 10 out of 10I am satisfied with this product because In 12250 ruppes it is a good product.Also Satisfied With Service Engineer, polite and co-operative nat...READ MORE",5.0
Very very smart tv nice clarity   good packing  best deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Super tv I'm like this product. Really nice tv. Wifi connection is goodREAD MORE,5.0
"best smart tv in this range. got tv in 3 days and service was good. there is only one problem i.e. chromcast. it doesn't connect with most of the mobile. i tried with nokia 6, moto g6play and lenovo k8 plus but it didn't connect to cast. sound is super and the user interface is also good.READ MORE",5.0
It gives best sound quality ..... in This price this led is the best oneREAD MORE,5.0
"Dont compare it with LG, Samsumg, its a Smart LCD TV, if planning to save money then it will do the job, viewing experience is very bad as its LCD..Our samsung LED got a shot circuit and we were looking for a quick temporary fix hence bought this one.. we hardly watch television hence it suits our needs but picture quality is mediocre..Smart features are good and makes up for the other low qualities..To install Netflix you need to download the APK in pen drive and then install via pen d...READ MORE",2.0
"This TV arguably provides best value for money at present time. Its amazing specs are well complemented by its built quality and exterior design. However, on the fifth week after I purchased it, a red dot started to appear near top right corner of the LED panel. Gradually, it started growing and within a month the diameter of the spot became about a centimeter. I heard about pathetic after sales service facility from Mi from others. But I realized the gravity of the problem when I had to vis...READ MORE",4.0
value for money product the price they are offering is good and about quality no compromise as compare to sony and samsung it is not much behind just like mobiles they come to number 1 brand after beating samsung phones ....in LED TV  also they will beat samsung and sony surelyREAD MORE,5.0
"the product is as good as a 20k TV could be. the sound is really good, the picture quality (meh. .  ) u need a hd set top box to actually enjoy the picture, with a SD set top box, the picture quality is as bad as it is on any other SD TV. the building quality is great, the wall mount seems a bit low quality, the technician/installation guy did a sloppy job with the wall mount, it's not a pure smart TV as no support for Google Play, but u may download apps on it using a pen  drive, and last bu...READ MORE",3.0
"The TV was Ok and Fine not Superb. It’s a LED with LCD Panels. No where you will find it other than on the book, the power consumption is rated @ 3.5, in the Flipkart it says Mi LED Smart TV whereas on the box it says Mi FHD Smart TV, you can find a sticker with the word as Type of TV : LCD TV. Over all it’s ok for the middle class but not Superb and the audio is not so good as laptops.READ MORE",4.0
"got this TV for 19600/- in big billion sale, and I would say it's a great product..The display is wonderful with HD input and thevgreat sound supplements it well. On network side, Google support is sought after and only disadvantage. All in all, 5 starsREAD MORE",5.0
nice picture quality and sound better item on this price... i am so happy sell this item thank you.. flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product can be preferable I am using my TV as my work station like monitorREAD MORE,5.0
"Thank you flipcart... Mi 434a TV is good quality.  good picture,  sound and good service.READ MORE",3.0
"Superb in this price range, if we have price limit then blindly we can buy this, features are very good, sound,display quality is very good, i found 2 little drawbacks 1.inbuilt media player is not supporting all video formats but I will try to install another player still I did not try, 2. Screen cast is very good but some times picture is shading but again  imidiatly coming as good quality you won't feel bad except this event thing is good, Simply we can go for this, and delivery and instal...READ MORE",5.0
TV was pretty  fun the sound was very clear and loud the TV look like very slim or decent overall it is the value for money please buy itREAD MORE,5.0
After two week observation TV picture clarity is so good.All mentioned functionality is working good.It not supporting a lot of audio formats.If we increase TV volume to more than 70 per. The speaker crackling.But overall the product is too good for the prize.READ MORE,4.0
"THIS IS A VERY GOOD TV IN THIS BUDGET. I BUY THIS 43 INCH TV AT RS.20,999.  GREAT VIDEO QUALITY AND NICE SOUND QUALITY, NO NEED FOR WOOFERS FOR A NORMAL SIZE ROOM. NO BIGGER DIFFERENCE SHOWN BETWEEN 4K VIDEO AND HIGHER VIDEO QUALITY OF THIS TV. THE HIGHER VIDEO QUALITY OF THIS TV IS SUFFICIENT AND COMFORTABLE TO SEE.  WE CAN ACCESS ALL ONLINE THINGS BY INSTALL 3rd PARTY APPS.THEIR IS NO ANY OTHER COMPANY GIVES US A 43 INCH LED TV WITH THIS SPECIFICATIONS AT THIS PRICE.DELIVERY IS LATE BUT...READ MORE",5.0
Mi Smart Led Tv 32 is Brilliant Led On Market...it's Best For  Low Budget Person..Thanks For Mi & Flipcart .. Don't West Money others Brand  Company For 28000 to 32000.. Purchase Mi Only 13499 with Big Billion Sale.Its big Saving..👍👍😊😊READ MORE,5.0
"IN DEPTH REVIEW!DISPPAY PROS : Great clarity, Superb viewing angles, Excellent colour reproduction.Best part about display You can unleash full potentional of display by playing 4k video on this Full HD panel. Yeah!! it supports 4k DTS. COLOURS POP OUT TRY IT!.DISPLAY CONS: Seriously guys see the price of this TV.SOIND PROS: Good clarity , LOUD Volume , Balanced Bass and Treble.SOUND CONS: Slightly more bass and little bit of more clarity. One more STANGE thing Dts HD SOUND dosent w...READ MORE",5.0
Nice Product!!!  I would say that good TV in this budget by Mi with all the smart TV features. Must Buy..READ MORE,5.0
"Best LED TV in this segment. I must say xiomi has really given best quality at this affordable amount.Overall best package.Best display,Perfect colour representation,Clear and loud stereo speakers,Small beezles.Should definitely go for it.READ MORE",4.0
Value for money.   In this price range best option But little bit improve the android version And Tv appsTv Apps need to upgrade processer is work average Little bit slowCant play games smoothly Cant play full Hd vedio on YouTube For playing Full Hd content on YouTube Use thirt party app smart YouTube appREAD MORE,5.0
"Good & valuable product. using bsnl network ,it is better to give any offer from any network or wall mounting movable stand.but it worthfull thanks for flipcart COD at this pin code & safe delivered.I recommend for every one to buy.READ MORE",5.0
Loved the product😍 .. The only thing which is not good is if you look at your tv from side angle its kind of whitish view.. Otherwise everything is wellREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Product... Super Fast delivery & installation...  Thanks Flipkart for providing such good Product & Services.READ MORE,4.0
"Perfect budget tv. got it for 15.5 k after exchanging with my old lg lcd tv.         pros : awesome pictures quality. sharp and vibrant.It has all the required connectivity except Bluetooth.3 usbs, that's a big propatchwall is interesting, lots of containts.sleek edges Sound is loud.sd channel upscale is better than VU tv. cons:No mute button, that's a big con.No playstore, but you can sideload apps easily. Aptoid tv is really good.patchwall is slow sometimes.Screen mirroring is ...READ MORE",4.0
Installed TV and set an example of fully satisfaction. It's common person's pocket friendly product and paisa vasool offer. LED Smart TV in this price slab is just beyond one's imagination and like never before.READ MORE,5.0
"ya its a nice product for in this price range (21000). picture quality is better and sound quality is avrg.bt u enjoy hotstar youtube, altbalaji, voot ,sony ,and other android game...instalation servie is very good bcz i got this product 3pm and instalation and demo service man come 7pm same day...its a nice for me..READ MORE",5.0
The display and the TV is great but the patchwall needs a lot of work and updrades… hoping to see play store soon in patchwall… if one use something like mi box or fire tv stick then it can be enjoyed a lot more…READ MORE,4.0
"Since I am using this LED last 10 days, it's really amazing picture quality, sound, connectivity on WiFi or Miracast.. Delivery schedule was little late but delivered on time and installation had also been done on very same day. Enjoying watching movies and TV shows on this TV. 4 star is only because it doesn't have chrome cast and play store. It was advertised Chromecast and play store will be available in 2019 so I am waiting for that. I will update remaining 1 star that time.READ MORE",4.0
A very good and satisfying product at this range. Thank you MI for making it possible in this range that too without flash sale.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice MI LED smart TV 4A. SUPERB PRODUCT. I AM  VERY HAPPYREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product In Dis Range .. Valuble For Money .. Good picture quality good sound quality ... Mi led r so good to Others .  & Design Looking  good ...READ MORE,4.0
MI LED Smart tv 4A108cm(43) is a good tv!Super sound quality!3 HDMI port and 3 usb port are very useful to me and very comfortable! I can not connect to my home theatre! Because tv has only S/pdif port!Out port is nothing for sound! Flipkart service. and seller services are very good! Thanks for Flipkart for its immediate action!READ MORE,5.0
"very nice mi led smart tv,and good serviceREAD MORE",5.0
"The TV is Good. There are apps like movies HD that make the tv good.. there are no patches on the display and Youtube 1080p plays fine..4k doesnt get played and stutters, however only the sound gets played in the background. and patchwall needs an update.. 3 star coz google playstore does not work and thats a drawback. rest all fineREAD MORE",3.0
Very good sound. Dolby supported and very good picture.For 21000 it was a awesome buy.Cheers for mi and flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
i brought this bb offers from 18k only .. excellent picture quality and smart apps working sounds good from price... overall I'm very satisfied this TV. thanks mi and flipkart(with in two days delivered).......READ MORE,5.0
"bought and installed today, looks good as an offer I got for RS 19k for 43 inch , where as 55 inch is available for 50k.. happyREAD MORE",5.0
"The best thing I ever bought for Rs 20K.Every feature about the TV is amazing.Picture quality is just great on local cable connection and stunning when it comes to HD channels.Sound is crisp and clear.Smart TV features are very useful if you cast videos a lot.Overall it's a great TV. Recommended, Highly!READ MORE",5.0
it's a paisa Vasool product for me..picture quality is average on AV input but good on online video playback.sound quality is too good..connectivity with mi phones too easy but if you have below 8000 range other phones so you will suffer with its cast connectivity problem.all over it's a good product in low price and also good flipkart service.READ MORE,4.0
Mi tv is the best man in the world the world is a better world than a man who is a good man and a good man to be a man who is a man who is good enough to fight his life with his own man 5 and he will never be like it a lot more 3 and 5 of all 8u7776yythhhjhgvvbjjnnnnREAD MORE,5.0
"1. power cable not detachable, 2. earlier for lg smart tv i got the swivel (not fixed )mounting bracket free, but for this tv i have to pay for mounting bracket.(Rs.1500)3. no mute button in remote.4. For the patchwall user inter face to work,  we have to buy again MI IR cable (199+50=Rs.249) Extra.5. No Google play store.(in 2019 they may update , not sure)6. No Prime video or netflix app.Only good thing is for 23k, no other familiar brand companies not giving 43 inch TV. If they upd...READ MORE",3.0
super TV great value for money I deal it in big billion days 12120 only TV not a LED but performance is good this is LCD TV good service by service engineer thx flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
Product worth money and it is one of the best in this price range. Wireless connectivity is not good with all mobiles.READ MORE,4.0
Overall nice tv but poor smart TV.... Picture and sound quality are superb..... This TV will work good with set top box..... If u are planning to use this only as a smart TV then I will be disappointed like me... U cannot install any app... Only hotstar works.... In short its not a smart TV.....5 star for flipkart delivery and installation.READ MORE,3.0
"This Tv is worth for Money, Picture quality is Good when we play 1080p and 720p videos. We can mirror our laptop or pc screen wirelessly. In wireless mirroring we can't play games in good quality, better to buy HDMI cable for gaming.  I'm using this tv for PUBG gaming etc. Sound quality is top i loved its very much theatre like experience. People who r using tamil nadu government cable I'm requesting you to buy hd box, caz sd box is not much quality.  Cons Remember this is a LCD -LED TV not...READ MORE",5.0
amazing experience on flipcart mi led this is given the fast service to done over commitment on the date Thank to all flipcart all team...READ MORE,5.0
"Everything was perfect from flipkart.com. But from MI haven't found any pros which can be share for the TV  I have purchased. Picture quality, sound, UI etc nothing is up to mark or as compared to other premium brands like Sony or LG or Samsung, so if u Wana buy a TV then go for Samsung or LG or Sony.READ MORE",1.0
Loved the TV. Bought it after thinking too many times and Flipkart delivered it faster than expected and the installation was quick too. Mi is now a trusted brand and the service from Flipkart is commendable for this one. Thanks alot.READ MORE,5.0
"This is one of the best television at this rate and believe me all features are upto the mark.  revealing review after using a week and looks fine in all aspects.  mira cast, sound clarity, picture quality, dimension, wifi  connectivity all r just awesome. thank flipkart for on time delivery n easy installation. Bought on BBD under special offer 12150/-INRREAD MORE",5.0
it's was a great mi product.and mi tv 43 inch 4a best picture quality and osm sound service.and I'm biggest fann of mi company. I'm used 16 month of mi max phone.it was h well services and large battery backup...let's shee my mi 43 inch tv.READ MORE,5.0
It is very nice product for this price  picture quality and sound is very nice and mobile connectivity also very nice . Some video format is not suppported for that video sound is not coming other than that everything is fineREAD MORE,4.0
nice tv i love it n value for money my ordnery cable works like a hd conection no need to upgrade sound quality also awsm n fully smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Pros:1.Delivery on time.2.Next day installation and demo.3.Sound is very good.4.Display is good and support Full HD.5.Can install few .apk application from pen drive.6.can mirror android phone and iPhone.7.The most important point-Working very fine with my Sony PS4 pro.Cons: 1. Do not compare with Sony or lg tv.2. Need good internet connection to avail the features.3. No Bluetooth.4. Basic controller.Worth every penny. Believe me it is worth to buy below 22 k. Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Happy with the Tv byt disappointed with the table top stand that comes along with it. For such a delicate product how can anyone provide low quality even more delicate stand. It seems to be a strategy to make customer buy wall mount stand which unsurprisingly is readily available with the installation person. Happy with the TV but feel cheated by the marketing strategy of selling accessoriesREAD MORE,3.0
"I'm writing this review after 10 days of installation and the picture quality is good , sound system is great, connectivity is also great. Some pre-installed applications like YouTube don't work properly and it requires an immediate system update for smooth running of the TV and hopefully mi will do that.READ MORE",4.0
"extremely amazing TV with good picture and sound quality. screen mirroring is extremely easy with 4G compliant mobile phones, WiFi not needed. very good product at a very affordable price. a true smart TV in many sense. delivery, demo and installation done on same day within a few hours. thnx Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"Good budget tv. few Chanel's are found cloudy , low colour and high brightness. it may be due to govt set top box. In DTH it may improve but i don't know. overall Good tv for budget peoplesREAD MORE",4.0
"Picture quality is not excellent like the top brands like LG, Sony. Another issue is with inbuilt apps...You will have to purchase the subscription for all the apps to watch the online contents. MI is not providing free trail subscription on those apps. Inbuilt YouTube app only support upto 720p resolution in 43 inch LED. Even if the videos are available on YouTube on best resolutions like 1080p you will not be able to upgrade the resolution more than 720p in the TV based app. App Store is no...READ MORE",4.0
"Product is Good and yes the Flipkart service was execellent service .. Within an hour jeeves company which is tied up with Xiomi, installed my smart Tv and am totally satisfied with it ... And Viewers please dnt forget to extended your warranty product it cost around 900 on my purchasing Date at the time of festival offers but unfortunately I couldn't paid at that time but yes after installation I paid extra 1280 for warranty period for 3 years where all LeD and other internal damages were re...READ MORE",4.0
It is totally worth the money.. loved the tv.. but installment could be better.. he kept re-scheduling and he didnt have much knowledge about operating it either.  Tv is just awesome.  we can install other apps by apks though play store is not there. connectivity is good...picture quality is great inspite of having lcd pannel. you really could buy this blindly.. if you have larger room go for the other sizes..READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome TV. What a quality product for such a low price! What more I can expect. Good picture quality. Excellent connectivity with WiFi and casting from mobile, laptops, tabs etc. Sound quality and loudness is more than sufficient for urban houses /flats. Loaded with huge amount of contents. Simply love it.READ MORE",5.0
PICTURE(3.5/5)* Picture quality is better with dish rather than cable....PICTURE QUALITY  is super in hd channelsnormal channels r avg only.....setupbox is highly recommended don't use direct cable...SOUND (4/5)*sound is superb no need of home theatre...SMART FUNCTIONS (3.5/5)*no PlayStore yet ....it is a great setback... PlayStore is expected in2019 update fingers crossed....and no Bluetooth also*no voice command u have to scroll for every letter to type in keypad...(instead u can ...READ MORE,4.0
all over good product . picture quality is not up to the mark uv tv may win in picture quality . all over satisfied . value for money.READ MORE,4.0
"Great product.Good speaker, but better to upgrdae with good qualty home theator.Picture quality is ok. But refresh rate coud be improved but 120Hz in this price range is not possible.Design is simplistics thats a plus.READ MORE",4.0
"Best budget smart tv till date....its a value for money, and believe me u cant afford these features provided by MI in any other brand at this price range. So just go for it.READ MORE",4.0
"TV is decent. It got delivered well before scheduled. As far as installation, Jeeves people are nice and professional; particularly Mr. Prashant in Bhavnagar. As relates to primary review we expect something more from MI, since MI is no more a ""China"" company but gained a respect. Though basic product takes more time to have hardware updation, they can update the software since product loopholes are generalized. Overall a good product in this price range.READ MORE",4.0
TV is value for money its a nice smart tv and i m using it with my mobile hotspot no need to get a cable connection and dishtv..  Performance of tv is quite nice... I have Lloyd smart tv at my home that i purchased for 40000 and then i bought this one for 15000 and i feel its a value for money.  But the only thing with which m not happy is that the first delivery that i got from flipkart was a diffective piece of the tv and then i suffered for a week to get replacement of the tv so that was n...READ MORE,5.0
what more to say ...! Just perfect.You must have read so many reviews already . My experience is it's absolutely worth the price and satisfactory. The features that you get for the price that you pay is simply the best . Get more in less. Picture quality is good. Sound clarity is good as well. Although I would suggest to go for 43 inches . Sleek and premium look.The cost doesn't differ much. I didn't find any cons/negatives so far.READ MORE,4.0
"The TV is a steal deal at this price.The picture and sound quality is good.However I found that the online streaming apps are not so useful as the picture quality doesn't look very good in apps like hotstar,netflix etc.Instead I use a chromecast which gives amazing quality for same applications as compared to in-built apps.Hopefully orea update with a built in chromecast will solve this issue.READ MORE",4.0
awesome experience...  video result is very good in hd channels.. above avg in sd channels.. sound clarity is quite good... slim tv.. wifi  net connectivity is allright.. overall it gives very good value of money..READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart is really great my family is so happy with this tvMI 43 TV is amazing so awesome really love it super HD clearlity HD sounds so superb all thanks MI team  thanks lot thank u so much FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
In this price segment it is awesome tv. I love the hd sound experience. Picture quality is also good... In playing o9 content there is little lag. But when i play with pendrive then its awesome. I have 60fps video with very little lag that is negligible which is very awesome thing.READ MORE,4.0
"This TV is really a big tv in size so before buying plz decide your room, viewing distance and place for install. Drawbacks:1. Most of the apps are not compatible on this tv like jio tv apps, youtube, etc.2. Need mouse and keyboard to access smoothly else it will be irritating to access via remote on virtual keyboard3. Guys you need high speed internet to access patch walls and as well as also need separate subscriptions of other online channels. These will increase your expenses. So to a...READ MORE",4.0
the product of mi led Smart Tv but I have received LCD TV SO this frod of MI COMPANY THIS product i received but do not use LED word any single time.READ MORE,1.0
"picture quality is pretty good. mute and voice search buttons which are missing from remote which are besic functionality for smart tv. patchwall needs to improve, hope 2019 oreo update will improve patchwall interface and add some cool features. description on website box and tv unit sticker are mismatch, the tv panel is LCD with LED backlight and not LED.READ MORE",5.0
"The tv as such is a steal for the price but to be honest the picture quality can be better. Although it does support 720p but it's still not that great compared to its more expensive tv, the 43 inch full hd one. Sound is more than enough for the size of the tv but lacks base or you can say the bass is okayish. The connectivity is not that great as my wifi modem is just 10 feet away from the tv and still it has a hard time connecting to it and if connected maintaining connection is difficult. ...READ MORE",4.0
"From the experience with this MI led TV. I would like to add my honest review here. "" I will recommend this to the budget holders"" who wants to have a good glimpse on large screen.  On the other hand, I felt that the picture and sound quality is  better than Good but not  like we feel in Sony and LG.  If one can compromise with large screen to medium like 32' inch  then best options are available in Sony and LG. But if one wants larger screen experience and can compromise with quality(OK) the...READ MORE",4.0
I loved this. crystal clear pictures and sound quality.I connected my 2TB hard disk and it is very smooth. Casting from mobile is also very easy. As my location was in remote area Jeeves cancelled my installation and told me that it is not serviceble. then I filled online form for installation at MI site. Then service engineer installee wall mount very next day.So I am also happy with service of MI.READ MORE,5.0
"These are very nice in this budget. Though picture quality and sound quality are not that great, but they are quite good at this price. I am a bachelor and I wanted to get a Smart TV mostly for watching web series and movies on a large screen( trust me I didn't even get a DTH connection) and also something that I can use as a monitor screen whenever I want to. I'm satisfied with its performance and features. I bought this for Rs. 14999. One thing I regret is that I should have waited for som...READ MORE",4.0
Product was perfect and it was delivered exactly before the scheduled date.  Features are awesome.Cons:Delivery guy ruins the festivel day. He was demanding for the delivery amount/tips and  he was not ready to move without getting the money. He insist that he needs the money and comments it has a normal.  As for my pin code the delivery was by third party agent's. So they take advantage when ever there is a shipment from online store. After i agree to pay then he brought the product to hom...READ MORE,3.0
"This product simply superb ? picture quality is good and sounding is superb. i like this product, price is reasonable. thanks for flipkart delivery is on time,READ MORE",4.0
I am happy excellent smart tv nice picture quality sound quality is very good.READ MORE,5.0
"Received in Original packing .Using since last one week. Excellent image rendering for HD channels , at par with LG , Samsung HD TVs. Sound clarity also very good. Enough for a medium size room . But for large coverage , external speakers recommended.  For SD channel don't expect much from this, but delivering moderate image quality. I've an LG 4K TV , that also behaves the same for SD channels. So if your budget is under 25000, ,this TV is a better option. There is not any pre-installed apps...READ MORE",5.0
picture is a bit below expectations..... delivery was good ... demo is good too.... overall a very nice product for the priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV at this price. must recommended tv for who wants to buy a best smart tv at an economical price. Totally cheap and best product. One small difficulty i found was that we need to press the button little hard in remote controller it would be much better if they fix it soon. Otherwise overall a best Tv.READ MORE,5.0
"Nice tv, clarity is good, sound effects are good I am happy with the mi tvREAD MORE",1.0
"FRNDS ITS A GOOD DEAL DONT MISSOUT THIS AT THIS BUDGET ITS A REAALY GOOD PRODUCT. MI WILL GIVE A HUGE COMPETITION TO PANASONIC , SAMSUNG LEDS THESE BRANDS ARE JUST FOR NAME AND WITH THERE NAME ONLY THEY LOOT U. SO BE SMART TO INVEST UR MONEY IN RIGHT N GOOD THINGSREAD MORE",5.0
"Excellent Product by MI.. Good picture quality,sound,connectivity.. fast delivery & Installation by Flipkart. below 20k it is good choice. blindly go for this product.READ MORE",5.0
super mi led smart tv best tvREAD MORE,5.0
Better to go with VU brand for the same budget. I'm using this TV for more than 1 year. many drawbacks in this model.1. Most of the file format not supported by this TV. in some cases video will play without audio which is of no use.2. Audio quality is very worst. 3. There is no browser app. Don't know then what is meant by smart TV.4. Only 3.5mm jack available for audio out. etc etc.READ MORE,1.0
Though it is a budget tv..  The connection between the WiFi and the TV is really weak.   3rd party apps like jio tv or Hotstar do not work properly and hang often..   Would only recommend for ppl who have really high speed Internet which Wud cost like 2k a month...  Atleast in Kolkata...  Mine is a 900/month alliance connection but still not too great when it comes to connection...  Overall a good product with some cons...READ MORE,4.0
1) perfect TV full and perfect sounds.2) Patchwall is awesome.3) TV price is 18.5k thank to big Bill on day.READ MORE,5.0
"fantastic TV in this range excellent picture quality , sound is not much loud but it's still good mirror casting works fabulous. Great to got this around 20.5k with extended warranty in BBD sale.READ MORE",5.0
In this cost best smart TV ever. I will give five if it pic quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Mi led i like it so Flipkart dilvery is to gud on the date on delivery but instolation jivas service not gud on the date of instolation i am not happy this service .Iam not benefits on filipcart service instolation I am not happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product. Bought through big billion sales for Rs.19000. Delivery and installation are good and on time. Used for past 2 Months. Display is not so clear as other top brands like LG. Black is not real black. Colour gradients /transitions are showing as patches. Sound Quality is very poor. Yes it sounds well but audio is not clear. When we increase volume, it becomes noise. Anyway, the product quality will be what the amount we paid for. If you have own house and want buy one smart tv. Go f...READ MORE",3.0
Great product in that price..some improvement needed in manufacturing plastic unit..but overall good product...i m happy with this..???READ MORE,5.0
Buy it without doubt. Flipkart delivery was on time. Installation was done with same day..... Super fast service from Flipkart and MI Associate..... Thank you Flipkart and MI TeamREAD MORE,5.0
it's one of the finest and good looking LED smart TV is right now in the market. it has a 43 inches full HD display which is really trust and colours are really vivid and design is made of polycarbonate but it's very sleek and functional design. it has numerous ports for connectivity such as TV HDMI USB spdif antenna but there is only one disadvantage that it's like bluetooth support. a great value for money and a must buy in its price segment as well as in the design and display segment. it'...READ MORE,4.0
sound quality easy to use only thing is picture quality compared to LG  or Samsung is not great .Also external apps like YouTube we need to install .apk files from PendrivesREAD MORE,3.0
"Peace of mind after purchase of mi tv knowing they have a great team of developers coming up with new features via software upgrade when compared to other companies. As far as the hardware is concerned its a good buy except for the remote which elders in your family might feel difficult to get used to with virtually no numeric keys on them and dedicated input source key to switch between the various inputs like USB, av, hdmi etc. The sound is good and picture clarity is good provided your roo...READ MORE",4.0
"Pros: Good Tv, HD clarity videos looks so good, speaker sound also very good -home theatre not required. picture is good in cable tv connection without set top box / dish, but need HD box for hassom viewing.cons:1 tv remote is smart but it is not user friendly. no mute we can't easily select channels immediately.2 mirror cast not work properly, video and audio breakup and play,  Games, video songs and movies play smoothly only when hi speed net available time.3 very difficult to plug t...READ MORE",3.0
"nice picture quality, superb sound bass is so good u not need a special sound box for this, all over jhakkas....READ MORE",4.0
It's just an amazing piece.Sound quality is just stunning! The android UI helps to be user friendly. If they give a wall mount with this product it will be more valuable price! and become amazing deal! Now also I won't say it's bad! It's just woooow!!!It will be more good if they give a play store to install an application in it.Moreover the update comes in 2019. it will be wonder after that.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product.  This product is. Made for lower budget people.  Mobile (mi) to mi tv connectivity is easy to access.  Picture quality is also very good.  Overall mi led smart TV is excellent product. You all can purchase it.READ MORE,5.0
Nice tv it's works good with HD channels if u use SD channels then you won't get good clarity because im using Vu TV with airtel dth with SD channels and it gives a good clarity than mi so if you want to get good clarity then use HD channelsREAD MORE,5.0
first of all its not bad TV at all!! Since I am a sony bravia owner then im comparison its 1 star.  But again if u bring price into account It is good value for money but still no where close to sony. i assumed TV may be good like they are in Phones.READ MORE,5.0
"nice smart TV in this price range, sound and picture quality is superb. only prob is installation and demo engg which is not giving proper TV demo and checking of all portsREAD MORE",5.0
"Best Smart Tv.Full Hd Resolution, Pure black screen, u can get full viewing experience even in Standard set-top box (not HD box). Patch wall os is also best. All customization are in this os. Great Work MI.READ MORE",5.0
"first of all, it's not a LED TV. it's just LCD TV. Picture quality is decent, not good. audio quality is also not so good. I won't recommend to buy this TV. ITS BETTER TO GO FOR BRANDS LIKE LG PHILLIPS SONY.READ MORE",2.0
I am mi to much fan all products.but friends think 2 time buying any led tv.What do you want.HD TV Full HD TVUltra HD TVQuad HD TVand regular TV or Smart tv or Android TVif u think value for money so go always Android TV.it's all of available mi app.READ MORE,5.0
Felt Happy with the product. Delivered in 2 days. Nice technology. Installation and demo completed in good manner. Coming to TV it is simply awesome with respect to specifications.READ MORE,5.0
flipkart delivery is very fast . I am so happy led is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing product and value for money. A must buy product. I got it for 18890 during Big billion day sale. Ordered on 11.10.2018 received on 17.10.2018 and Installation done on 18.10.2018 by Jives Technician, got revolving wall mount for Rs. 1800/-. Overall amazing product and I am satisfied with the product quality and price.READ MORE",5.0
mi smart TV sound is good but pictures quality is better than sound and value of money is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Good tv and worth for money.  but the picyure quality will lag the standard company like Samsung,  sony etc.. still i can say good choice.READ MORE",5.0
SOUND IS GOOD PICTURE QUALITY ALSO GOOD OVERALL VALUE FOR PURE MONEY EXCELLENT DEAL REALLY SMART TVREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this TV from Big Billion Day sale. It is awesome smart TV with economical budget. Good sound and nice picture clarity. I suggest to buy additional 2 years warranty. It can save your future cost.Why I don't know why flipkart is suggest to buy Stabilizer?READ MORE,5.0
In description they are showing it as led tv but the panel it is showing as LCD Screen ! But picture quality is Good and worth for Value.Thanks Flipkart and MI .READ MORE,5.0
After 3 days of use ... 1. It has very good connectivity. seamless from mob phone both hotspot and Miracast.. 2.  Picture quality is Above Average    ..       3.   Sound is just Average. .. .. 4. Built quality is also just average  . 5. But Overall package at this price is Awesome..READ MORE,5.0
The MI TV was so valuable for the price... I got it for 19099 in sale... I am so much happy with the product delivered.. Thank you so much flipkart for delivering Good product....READ MORE,5.0
"This is 3rd brand of TV which I have now in my home. After 40"" Samsung 3D, I bought 55"" cloudwalker. while buying cloudwalker, I was not sure about it's picture quality but I am happy after using it.This time, I took similar risk with MI and the moment I switched it on, I knew I made a mistake. Picture quality is so poor that I would not like to watch it. Forget about SD, even HD channels do not look sharp. Colours looks faded. Sound is somewhere between OK and Good. Patch wall is good bu...READ MORE",2.0
i will buy MI tv 43 before 2 days the product was excellent picture quality is very nice & the courier service   was outstanding ...... 100% satisfaction from my side...thanks Flip kart...READ MORE,5.0
"Its a good TV not awesome TV,,,,sound is pretty low,,,,and one thing more patchwall is not a good looking os platformREAD MORE",3.0
In my MI led upper bar which has options of movies sports is not available its only been 3 days it is delivered to me. Its wifi is not working when i reset it the wifi started to work but now the options are not available. Really sad to see when ot happens to a new product.READ MORE,4.0
NYC TV good sound clarity and picture quality but blootooth feature is missing apart from that it sucks to upload on mi TV but really a good TV   go for it best buy for 23 kREAD MORE,5.0
"I got this TV at a incredible price, The delivery was done by Gati which was just fine. Just after the delivery Flipkart automatically arranged a installation the following day. Installation was also done on time wall mounted costed 500. Love the Miracast featureremote is very small & light weightThis TV works with a SD set top box, it is the best thing if u want u can get a HD set top box.READ MORE",5.0
hai I like the tv very much it's amazing to buy in this price . I . have many doubts to buy in online shopping . but iwill check many rewies and ratings. after then I buy it.so totally iam happy to buy this.no dout about this go for it guys.its 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌but pls connect with HD setup box . it's look very clarity than normal setup box so u must watch in HD set up box☺☺READ MORE,5.0
Great product and great service.  Got the installation done in 2 hours from delivery.  Amazing picture quality and great sound.READ MORE,5.0
Mi delivers again at such an affordable price. Wonderful TV with plenty of features. a truly smart Android TV. Flipkart's packaging excellent as usual. All in all a right choice. Thanks a million Flipkart and Mi.READ MORE,4.0
Not worth better you should go for 32 inch TV (14k) with fire TV stick (3k) because it doesn't support prime video and picture quality is average.  remote is not useful because anything you will type will take time .READ MORE,3.0
picture quality is very good and it's really a smart led and I'm really enjoying with my new MI smart Led TV... mind blowing 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"worth for money...!                                                    picture quality is good..sound is awesome...mirroring works fine.... there is no playstore but there is an option to install apps via usb.. connectivity of av,hdmi,usb works fine... simply superb for this price rangeREAD MORE",5.0
World's Best Smart TV With Best PrizeREAD MORE,5.0
"good TV nice picture quality picture quality with SD DTH box averagepicture quality with HD DTH fantastic1080 VIDEO FULL HD, picture quality excellentsound quality good connectivity good USB, HDMI ports fast connectinginstallation very fast by jeevasTV looks goodTV color production good in this price rangeREAD MORE",4.0
"I just got this 2 months back. It's really good that I'm planning to go for an upgrade of 43 inch one. Just waiting for a good offer price. Pros:easy to navigate and controlsimple remoteGood clarity(depends on the video file)Sound is goodCan install apps using aptoide appCons:Color of screen is not the same from an anglenot able to use Prime or some google play appsgot prime working with chrome,but not able to hide address bar while making full screencannot broadcast some version o...READ MORE",4.0
"it's a good product. I have compared this TV with the all brands, this product is different to all.I like this feature, sound , display clearity and service is very good.I love flip cart fast service.READ MORE",5.0
"Worst TV. I have ACT connection with 150mbps speed but still this TV sucks, lagging and it had become very slow and now there is a line on TV. I think picture tube has gone. Not even worked 2 and half years.READ MORE",1.0
some connection issues in mirror cast. no other issues.720 video shows in best clarity. value for money. sleek design. options and user interface must be improved. too old user interface. option are very low. even some basic options are not available. 6 months over no updates still. that's only problem. given options works goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product ....... should be in the preferable list worth every penny... used one month instllation. ... updates and all excellent ....only issue with the delivery got a little bit late ..... 💓💓💓💓💓💓READ MORE,5.0
Mi led is best quality tv... Delivered on time.. Good service... But i m not satisfied by installer....READ MORE,5.0
"I thank Flipkart, for providing such great offers. I received my TV on time, with great packing and deliver person was so polite. Finally I am so much happy because of installation was done on time, will a good technician.thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"Value for money buy. Basic Smart TV ...if you are not looking for more fancier stuff then this will do just fine. Patchwall, the OS does take a few seconds to boot. Also there is no auto power ...everytime you need to use the remote for switching on the TV.READ MORE",4.0
Best experience with the patchwall os.I has been Using This Tv for around 2 months and till now heavily satisfied. be it the sound be it the picture quality be it the smart experience its been a class.Experiences is even better than my old Sony Bravia model.READ MORE,5.0
Apart from a bit late delivery everything was good. Good picture quality. Value for money. Sound effects is pretty good as well. Looks beautiful. Connectivity is also good. Flipkart also provided a good and on time service.READ MORE,5.0
"Mi led smart tv 4A is a worth ur money product.I purchased for 20,999 .For 1080p picture it gives a good picture quality.Good sound quality.As well as HD channels in DTH.And for the standard definition channels it about a above average picture quality. The starting Mi tv is very much quick to its settings and all. Don't support 4k resolution i hav tried it. Flipkart delivery is at its fastest. I got the TV in jst 2 days after ordering. On the next the installation and demo team arrived as per...READ MORE",5.0
it's a very nice product and value for money in 21000 we get advanced feature TV according to the price the product is excellent.and flipkart dilivery is super.amazing experience I recommend must buy.READ MORE,5.0
"So I am using this product more than one month and now I must say this was one of the good purchase.picture quality is super sound is good.but the remote connectivity is poor, your have to put proper angle while using remote else your tv did not pick proper signal from remote.but overall nice product.thanks flipkart and mi.READ MORE",5.0
"yea it's smart,.. but not smart enough to run YouTube.. not smart enough to show crispy colours.. neither good quality images even in 720+pi. if you are just looking for a 42' tv,... go buy it.. don't buy it keeping in mind that this thing is a smart one... if you want to enjoy the smartness.. wishlist this one and go for vu or Thomson or other brand 40 inch TVsREAD MORE",2.0
what to say..amazing and beautiful..though we r not in great in technalities of smart TV.. but having gd experience and enjoying it's..since we use most of mi products..truly reliable corporate Inc..abt Flipkart nothing to say since last 9 yrs we r with them..READ MORE,5.0
"Take a bow Mi. Take a bow. And Flipkart and Jeeves, love you both. Timely delivery, on time installation, and the installation technician-a gem of a person. Got a 43 inches at just 21k. What more can I ask for? And the review abiut the tv? Not a single negative word to say. One can find a lot of reviews on the internet and all pros written about it are true to the word.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice one with good quality, sound was awesome don't think juz go for it thank you flipkart for delivering with good packing bought for 20999 rsREAD MORE",5.0
"Best TV @ this price.  No other company is offering these kind of features at this price.  And special thanks to Flipkart for giving wonderful discount on Big billion day There are no such cons except no pre installed Google play store app to download other applications. But they have mentioned that the same will be available in next update thats about happen in 2019. Pros: 1. Very big display(Minimum 10 feet viewing distance is must, so that eyes will not get strained). 2. Operating is...READ MORE",5.0
1.flipkart delivery was good 2. mi tv awesome only when it is connected to internet 3. when screen mirrored quality is worst 4.display is too good 5. value for money 6. worthy product for 18200 7.overall it's an awesome product from miREAD MORE,4.0
exceptionally good product with best price. very happy with the performance. It is worth to purchase.READ MORE,5.0
"pros1) has all feature of normal tv and it's big. at this price you get awesome quality and sound.2) it's a smart TV,  u can install many Android apps.3) has multiple USB port so that you can connect multiple devices.cons1) for a smart TV, you need to have a better input source for keyboard. it does not have one. it doesn't have Bluetooth too or else you could have connected wireless keyboard. it's software too doesn't support Bluetooth keyboard (yet), so it's not too smart.2) app are l...READ MORE",5.0
"please read full comment!overall it is a very good smart tv in this price range!pros-1.picture quality is good than other tv's in this price range2.connectivity is nice3.android is fast cons-1. doesn't support google play services ( install apk from usb ) or ( install any app store like playstore eg. aptoide tv app)2. inbuilt youtube app lags a lot ( you can install apk though)3. mi claims that tv has 5000 hrs content to watch but when you play it , pop up will ask you to subscribe...READ MORE",4.0
nice product very very good awesome .i like it.READ MORE,5.0
"Fabulous, much value than the price. Excellent Bluetooth connectivity as well as mirroring. I think it is much better than Samsung, LG, Thomson etc. Except Sony it can beat any brand. MI is now going to be a market leader in LED also.READ MORE",5.0
very very nice product.i m thinking why i not bought 43 inch ? there is no exhange offer for mi tv.other wise i will replace it by 43 inch. mi is nice product.READ MORE,5.0
very good smart tv with nice pic quality. viewing in HD channels will give more satisfaction. Delivery on time and installation did on the same day . thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very fast delivery by Flipkart.. ?Easy Installation.. Picture quality awesome..Sound Awesome..Got it for 12k in sale.. best part of all..☺& believe me at this price there is nothing in the market like this product....READ MORE,5.0
mi is best smart led tv and service as better than other company. but mira cast app not working on this tv plz halo miREAD MORE,4.0
"This is not actually a Smart TV. They do not have a play store or any app store for a matter of fact. So you will be missing out on a web browser, Netflix, prime videos and so many  other apps. Other than that, the other aspects of the TV are amazing for this price range.READ MORE",3.0
"delivery team  is too good but installation and Demo not satisfactory levels more over they are not serious on job, not careing about customer feelings..  jeeves not have decent service engineers.... once again flipkart delivery team good keep it up.. 😍😍READ MORE",5.0
As mentioned it is smart TV.Everything is good except they should also include play store application.One more concern is screen mirroring technology they have used is Miracast which is only supported by Android 6 and below.They should use Chrome Cast to support latest Android PhonesREAD MORE,5.0
it's nice budget range TV with internet features n HDMI n USB connectivity... picture quality is avg sound is good overall a very good budget range TVREAD MORE,4.0
"Its Good For the price Range 19000 /- . Picture Quality is not that Good , Sound Is Better .  Still in the low Range of TV under 43 Inch its goods Buy in 19000 /-READ MORE",3.0
wow so happy to buy the smart tv in this affordable price... worth for money...  satisfied product..READ MORE,4.0
very nice very interesting TV very good picture and 20W sound please purchase MI LED Smart TV 4A 80 CM (32) inches long OK please purchase TV thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Awsom product*****Fast delivary ( within 2 days)Value for moneyExcellent picture quality and sounduser friently platformMiracast and wifi connectivity is very fast2TB external harddisc working well through USB connectivityCordless mouse and Keyboard also working well with TV.Auto regonisation of all connection like HDMI/ head phoneAudio out also good(through head phone jack)READ MORE,5.0
thanku flipkart for fast delivery and fast installation process     mi   Led   is amazing  best led in this price    awesome features all i say this.is complete smart tv which u expext from.miREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, good screen quality, speaker quality good, value of money mi 4a smart led TV.... always awesome product....READ MORE",5.0
"It's because of the price tag even very young people can have the luxury of a flat screen TV in their bachelor pad. I got it for 18,900 (multiple offers).Flipkart has incredibly increased it's delivery, installation and overall purchase experience. 10/10!Amazing sound.Picture quality is good and can be tweaked for even better experience.Not so smart as there is no Google/Amazon/Netflix support and that means everything needs to be side-loaded.Suggestion for buyers: Couple it up with Amaz...READ MORE",5.0
"Writing this after 2 months of use of Mi tv  32""  Picture quality is Good,Sound is also very good ,and others features of Smart TV are present and working fine in this TV at chepest price. Delivery and Installation are done within time ,This is my first Mi product and I m completely satisfied with Mi TV as it quality is like a samsung TV.READ MORE",4.0
"everything is fantastic in rs 13499 range..picture quality is good,connectivity is superb,sound is good but always use in below 65% sound bcoz above that speaker may burst..must buy if ur budget is low..I am happy with this product 😍..READ MORE",5.0
"Hi Flipkart, I really Thank for the wonderful service at my door step, They are really polite & helpful. And the product is super cool.READ MORE",5.0
I would like to thank Flipkart for the timely delivery and on time installation of the product even during big billion days. I got the product for the best price and loved the way things went after that.READ MORE,5.0
Within this amount of money this is the best product...Thank you flipkart for such a nice offer  and thanks to mi such a lovely  product...READ MORE,5.0
"superb TV with good upgrades and best TV ever at this rate in big billion Rs.20,999 I think better than vu bcoz of having internal storage..........😄😄😄😄😄READ MORE",5.0
"I bought this smart tv thinking I'll not to have to buy any additional gadgets to add smart features and for watching various channels, however, this is a namesake smart tv if you are looking to watch prime, netflix etc... it comes preloaded with only hotstar n YouTube.. rest you are supposed to watch through patchwall.. which doesn't work many a times. So, better to go for a normal led n buy either a fire stick or a chromecast. However, the picture n sound quality outperforms many big brands...READ MORE",4.0
excellent product thanks for mi tv i buy 22.999 in October and now all mi tv 4a will be android Oreo 8.1 with Google play store and Comcast inbuilt in 2019 woww it's awesome I'm so happyREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome product for it's price category,  picture could be better but it hardly matters. sound is loud and clear but does not have great effect.  overall at this price with the features its best.READ MORE",4.0
Nice qualityBuild quality is awesome..Very lite weight.Within 4 day delivery. Demo and installation is awesome. Very friendly behaviour of installation guy. After 4 hour of delivery got the installation. Awesome experience from flipkart. I am fully satisfied. Very good experience in the Durga Puja.READ MORE,5.0
"if you want to waste your hard earned money go for brand, and if youre smart enough to play a clever move don't think just buy. Mark my word you would love the picture and sound quality....it's just a wonder TV.thanks Flipkart and Mi for this Amazing productREAD MORE",5.0
After using two days... Fully satisfied with the performance... But not happy with the color contrast. But if you FHD set top box or Dish tv it may little improve in qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"I had read lot of negative reviews about delay in installation but I got timely delivery and installation as committed by flipkart. I bought this product as my budget was low, it is my first led as well as smart tv & I am overall satisfied with it. Great value for money.READ MORE",4.0
Needless to say that it is excellent. Picture and sound are very good and sufficient for a big hall. Smart feature is excellent and small improvements will make it unbeatable. Good speed net connection is very helpful. HD TV connection will be a great experience.READ MORE,5.0
"Flipkart Delivery : On time as per schedule.Delivery team very friendly .Jeeves Installation : Nice , Informative Person.Installed the TV and Required for us.Wall Mount stand is costly which installation person gives us while installation.MI 4A 43'' TV : Its seems to be good with bit of usage .Overall Mi,Flipkart,Jeeves Thanks for all supportREAD MORE",4.0
"it is best product for this price range.picture quality, ease of connectivitiy, sound is best.it would have been better if there was a mute button on the remote.installation charges by technician is 500.he did his work well.READ MORE",5.0
tv is awesome... sound clarity is good not best but it's definitely value for money... beast tv... i bought it in big billion day... for 19k... beat price... got for it without second thought...READ MORE,5.0
good picture quality and sound ..... Great product for this price ....Happy and satisfied ...who ever looking for   43 inches smart tv under 30k can easily opt this tv...READ MORE,5.0
"truly a marvellous budget led tv, was bit sceptical and wanted to buy 49 inch but later decided to buy this one....and no regret till now used for a day and almost checked everything... screen mirroring is slight sluggish initially but after some time became flawless... I couldn't find any physical buttons for on/off or volume but remote control is simple yet quite nice to operate.... just to increase life of led change backlight from 100 percent to 50-60% it will improve black color depth, i...READ MORE",5.0
"If you want to buy smart tv then this is good choice in this price range. Thanks to flipkart for fast delivery, installation and demo.READ MORE",4.0
"Before buying it lot of confusion is there like which one better but after selecting Mitv I found this is my bestest choice regarding my selection, if anyone is in same situation before buying you must go for it undoubtedly be sure you have HD set top box for best picture quality..!! With best regardsREAD MORE",5.0
"1, Best price.2, HDFC Debit Card EMI Option is Really convenient and super.3, On time Delivery.4, Speedy Installation.5, Very good smart Television at this price range.Thanks to Flipkart and Team.READ MORE",5.0
"First of all thanks to ekart & flipkart for super fast delivery, I got the tv in 3rd day. I got it for 20999 in big billion sale. Great sound, Superb picture quality..., hd quality is awsome. Best tv in this price range. I m lovin it.READ MORE",5.0
Very good TV in this budget. Very fast delivery and installation by Flipkart and Jeeves. A must buy for all who have low budget and still want a good and big screen TV. Flipkart's services are always the best.READ MORE,5.0
it's too good product as this brand is fantastic I love this mi led tv out of 10 I will give 10 out of 10READ MORE,5.0
i am a true reviewer please read this review 1. Its worthless if you do not buy a HD set up box2 .Its smartness worth if you have an wifi connection at least 3 4 mbps if you are thinking that we are gonna play movies with mobile hotspot please drop the idea of buying this TV.3. I specially buy this mobile for casting my Android content to watch on TV but there are 2 problems you need a separate device for hotspot to watch the content if you do not have a wifi router but if you have both yo...READ MORE,1.0
"What a service by Flipkart,, amazing experience.. timely delivery, same day installation... it's a very good experience.. 5 stars for Flipkart and the installation and demo service... will update soon about the Mi performance... thank you Flipkart.. Kudos..READ MORE",5.0
TV is good.Recently saw an AD for the next version with Google Voice based remote for easy search and few more default google Apps like You Tube.Will there be a OS upgrade and remote available to buy additionally - if so nothing great like that.READ MORE,5.0
"very fast delivery and also co operative staff of Ekart delivery boys... the product is very good in feature, picture resolution, sound and very user friendly... good job done... Thank you for your services...READ MORE",4.0
"This is a value for money deal. A smart TV at this price is unbelievable. The overall quality is good. The picture, the sound , the connectivity everything is fine so far. Will have to wait to see if this one will last like the LGs and the Sonys.READ MORE",3.0
I love Xiaomi Products From 2014. My first device Redmi 1S. So I was waiting for Mi TV to launch in India. Finally Booked this one after lot of thinking about Quality and Service. Pros :Build Quality Panel Display Size at Price 23KSmart Features Patchwall InterfaceScreen Mirror WiFi YouTubeFHD Quality Sound from inbuilt SpeakersTotally Best buy and It's fine As of Now.Cons:Wall Mount not good - Purchased from Installation GuyNeed Official Google Play Store Support like Mi TV ...READ MORE,5.0
Super fast delivery by Flipkart. Quick Installation. Best value for money TV you can buy. Make sure that you avail the extended warranty while you buy the TV.READ MORE,5.0
Well I would say it's been wonderful shopping from flipkart as they are punctual enough with there service.when it comes to the product well what more can we even expect... It's fine with in this range. But didn't like the build quality more then anything.Good loud sound but the bass is not likely to feel if you are a music lover.READ MORE,5.0
"Very good product at this price. but my suggestion is if your budget is up than you should go with sony,LG, Samsung or other reputed brand. because only HD channels are you can watch clearly but other channels which is not available in HD (Ex-news, music, etc) you can not watch clearly. Mi should improve this problem. otherwise goodREAD MORE",3.0
Awesome TV ....Writing this review after roughly 2 months. Gotta have to say the product is pretty nice. you can't get better TV at this price. everything in this TV is very good considering the price range. even they have told that it will be getting update which includes android 8.0 and Chromecast features so you can go for it. at this time too. but I would like suggest you to go for pro range. it has voice control with play store and else. Overall the great viewing experience with TV. I...READ MORE,5.0
"A year ago when I purchased MI TV ( with great hopes and going by the technical specs and attractive price) I was disappointed in the initial days as performance lagged. It was nowhere near the Samsung Plasma TV I had before. MI did not even have a proper service personnel to attend to complaints. However, 2-3 months down the line we contacted a service technician working for MI ( he was by some coincidence known to us) and he adjusted the settings. That was some improvement. Also we had a HD...READ MORE",4.0
Middle class best choice option for smart TV.... according price ....most trusted customer 65000+...@. ... affordable smart TV EASYILYMI  is equal to middel classREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome smart TV. Good value for money product. Picture quality is good and sound output is excellent. Now just waiting for the official Android TV update from MI in Jan 2019. Thanks Flipkart & MI for this superb product.READ MORE,4.0
Considering the discount I got on Big Billion sale it is a great value for the product. As a TV it's not great picture quality but it is a smart TV with 43 inch screen which I got under 19k so great deal.READ MORE,4.0
"TV is brilliant at this price. Black is not purely black when it comes to picturisation, it's slightly greyish. Sound Quality is fabulous you will love it. Remote buttons might be harsh to use sometimes, but they will be working. Connectivity is also good but missing Bluetooth.READ MORE",4.0
worth the money at this price . and sound quality clarity and WiFi and Hot spot all good .READ MORE,4.0
"best value for money product great price i bought two tv  from flipkart one for me and another one for my friend they are very impressed by tha quality and price difference between  mi tv and soney,samsung,lg tv this is available less than half of price then other brandsREAD MORE",5.0
Overall Quality is Superb..... but on the box LED Smart TV is written but in the TV  LCD is written... it's only LCD Smart TV not LED Smart TV......But then also all is not good but it's best......READ MORE,5.0
"very good TV at the best price .. best buy u can get for 43 "" inch TV, working greatREAD MORE",5.0
it is very good led tv with best price but technical engineer work was not satisfied. Please improve this service.READ MORE,4.0
"This review after two months of use. Mi TV has got all best features in a budget price range, even though it has no Google play store u can install apps via third party app, most of the apps are working well without lag and the connectivity is good provided u have a good internet connection.           it has built in Miracast for screen mirroring but  all mobiles don't support this app so u can install third party app for mirroring and u can cast YouTube through mobiles which works really we...READ MORE",4.0
really superb tv. great value for money. almost all app works fine .  music good in this price segment. mi rocksREAD MORE,5.0
Just Awesome Tv in this range. You'll not get a better than this. Sound is what impressed me the most. Picture quality is perfect in 15k range. Lags while screen mirroring. Just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent mi TV good picture very good sound very fast delivery thanks to flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is quite good as compared to it’s price. Overall there is as such no problem except picture quality because this is not a Full HD. But if you can use a HD set top box, the picture quality improves a little bit. If MI could have offered a full HD resolution in this price, the market would have crashed. People who can comprise a lil bit, can purchase.READ MORE",5.0
"The rating is for its hassle free installation process and adaptability.Yes, I am trying to do a bit different work but its a feature, if at all any one help me with better idea, I am open.Issue: I tried to mirror my windows 10 laptop screen without hdmi wire, its not getting connected, and the service engineer also  not equipped with this idea,similar case when i tried with hdmi wire..(But yes , with android phone its ok). For quality and all Its ok and rating for it is 4/5.READ MORE",4.0
"Thanks,Mi tvit was nice experiencePicture quality & looks are both trule niceRemote buttons are too small but can't say not good. I would like to recommendREAD MORE",5.0
"product is good but the delivery process is not good product deliver 4 day ago  and notification email got today.Improve the delivery process if some one buy the product make it sure it will deliver to customer in good condition as well as in time.it take 1 and half month to delivery,replace and return request so there is no meaning of purchasing item from flipkart .never facing that issues on Amazon.READ MORE",1.0
"I'm pretty happy with this Product.. Really nice to have 32"" TV in 13,999/-Patchwall is nice, Overall interface is good. Value for Money. Display quality is Ok, You can't expect better than this TV in this price Range. Remote is excellent & quite difference using Experience..👍READ MORE",5.0
Mi 32It is one of the best entry segment HD ready LED TV.I strongly recommend it to everyone. Very pleasing picture quality and reasonably loud & clear sound system. Highly Recommended.READ MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is good, but sound is for single room only. Need to install sound system for good quality sound.Features-1. A single remote for controlling anything, is the best feature.2. Micra cast does’nt work with all the mobiles well. I had tried it with my motorola motog5 plus, but picture and sound were not synchronized.Also tried 3rd party app for mirroring iphoneX but that also did’nt matched. 3. Processimg is little bit slow, but once you are using u will get familiar with it....READ MORE",4.0
This Is led tv is very good clarity with hardware quality is very strong....same like apple brand....i love mi...ting ting d ding.....READ MORE,5.0
"1)when playing YouTube videos and download HD video the picture is top notch....but while playing in normal setup box image gets smooth and pixlated, that's usually with all TVs out there.2) sound is Crips and clear... enough to fill a small room3)no connection problem4) online content is less5)remote is its pron and conREAD MORE",4.0
What a product sir jii.. Excellent about everything... And specially thanks to flipkart also because of its perfect and timely and safe delevary of this product... SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
"I am using this LED TV since past 2 months, it really works flawlessly and is awesome product in all the areas expect this that on all four diagonal corners there appears some fading of colour (light greyish shade) which is really annoying..!! Hope MI solves this issue..!!READ MORE",4.0
The tv is so awesome and is like value of money for 10/10 and works real cool.. if you want to buy a tv at a budget then this is for you.. and Flipkart delivered this to me in less 15 hours along with the installation..  So Flipkart you’re awesome!!READ MORE,5.0
superb quality mi LED TV nice sound system nd picture quality is goodREAD MORE,4.0
"before purchase i read many comments from the user about this tv but sorry to say that I have no issue on delivery and installation.product delivered on 10th oct,2018 morning at 10am and installed on the same day around at 5.00pm.product is nice.specially sound.color reproduction is good if compared with lg and sony on this price range.picture quality at its best when tv runs on hd channels.wifi connection and screen cast(from the smart phone) is good enough.all the apps(pre-installed i...READ MORE",5.0
"It's been a month since I bought it and if you're looking through comments for a review trust me it's really a good TV and if youre thinking about the installation don't worry no matter where you are they will get to you in 24hhrs,im not that lucky so this is really good and good for ps4.READ MORE",4.0
Pros : 1. Most competitive smart TV in this price range. 2. On time delivery and proper installation was done. 3. The sound output of the tv is quite enough might not need external speakers (subjective to your needs). 4. Easy configuration and connectivity. 5. Built quality is proportional to its price.        Cons :1. Display could be more vivid and colors could be more bright (not complaining keeping in mind its price) 2. The smart remote does not Have voice search or air sensor. 3. Viewing...READ MORE,4.0
"Good and nice product, mi tv one type of computer 🖥, all function is working. & very smart tv 📺Xender, whatsApp, voice search, Easy online shopping, facebook, web came  also working. 😊READ MORE",5.0
"The product is good in this price. But the interface is not up to the mark. Typing by remote is not a easy task , typing is used in search option of all the apps like youtube , hotstar, viu,etc.READ MORE",4.0
The product is awesome...easy to Handle and use...works on patchwall operating system.. which is much more friendly and quick to the user.. only cons in the product is that the sound quality is quite low than the other company's tv.. otherwise the product is good deal.. MI's IR cable is the great invention that make the tv super cool and friendly and make the interface more interseting...you can use the android apps too but you need to install apps through pendrive...and have to download the ...READ MORE,5.0
"i bought it 2 months ago. awsome product. but side view is not so good. i am using tata sky, but now think to move on to gtpl hd set top box. is it compatible with hd set top box.. please inform....READ MORE",4.0
Best smart TV for family. Excellent connectivity options and smooth UI. Highly recommended. Thanks Mi and Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV all options will be good.. but one disappointed is this is not LED Tv this is LCD you she the image... I want big TV that guys only buy the TV... Over expected guys plz avoid the TV my opinion this TV compare to best TV is Vu LED Tv...  My Mi TV is After 10 days miracast & watching HD videos will little strucking & bluring... YouTube not support 1080p videos... Me not fully satisfied bought that TV...READ MORE,2.0
"Overall product is good hence gave 4 stars AdvantagesDelivery speed and product price range is good. Awesome sound clarity.WiFi connectivity and Apps installation via USB were added advantage so loved it.Disadvantages:I felt little heat at the backside of the TV after 20minutes of usage. Picture quality is 90% good, when I did WiFi screen casting the picture quality is less and sometimes pixels shattering as well as sometimes slow. TV remote have less controls if you need to type any...READ MORE",4.0
TV is great but that wall mount is based on plastic and the installation person fitted like one touch and TV is going to down and for this kind of mount flipkart taking 399 I'm not satisfied with  your service I'm sure you going to take this is very important for meREAD MORE,5.0
Quality product and best and cheap...But no one contact me for installation of Led tv ..just improve service to satisfy customerREAD MORE,4.0
Fast delivery and good experience of led tvs first time with a very low cost. Right now it's a fantastic TV to buy.READ MORE,5.0
TV is absolutely awesome thank you Flipkart & we also planned to take a 55 inches as well.But as per the Flipkart offer it was not given and there is no information regarding the offer and also no proper response.can anyone call us back & help me regarding the offers..READ MORE,4.0
It is good for its price. By default it comes with only 2 apps YouTube & one more which I find pretty weird on smart TV. User has to do some tricks to install third party apps. There is no play store on this TV where you can install some apps. After all it's a China product. I think new buyer should also see Vu TV which is Indian company & it is better buy at similar price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
very good smart tv at low price. good picture quality even on av code. very eazy to setup. totally amazing product from MI.READ MORE,5.0
after use of 15 daysflipkart service 5 out of 5 same day installation by mi local service.just lost 1 star for the patchwall software and i was expecting free contents from all the apps but all contents are paid as they are on paid apps. but good quality of picture and sound is best. ease of access. need voice typing feature it is must. overall this price range 10 on 10.READ MORE,4.0
"Good smart tv for Rs. 14000. But the body is not so sturdy. Picture quality is very good. Brightness , contrast, saturation and sharpness well balanced. Sound output quality is less than average.READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome product in good price. Compare to Sony this is good in price as well as quality. So,I like this product. Delivery and Installation is also fast from Mi.READ MORE",5.0
It's too nice as shown in image and very light in weight. I am so happy for buy this mi smart led tv from flipcart . Thank you flipcart 🤗🤗READ MORE,5.0
Very excellent Smart Tv in such a good price it’s really worth itREAD MORE,5.0
very super excited mi TV  I'm so happy thank for filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Product by Mi Smart LED and thanks to flipkart perfect delivery time and installation am happy with product and delivery and installation servicesREAD MORE,5.0
i am really amazed at the quality they have provided within such an affordable range....the picture quality is very decent...also the sound quality... connectivity is also good...android os runs quite smoothly without any lag...i highly recommend purchasing this tv...you wil not be disappointed...READ MORE,5.0
Not worth of Buying. No access to any application Like Netflix and Amazon. Its better to buy other models than this.READ MORE,1.0
firstly I would like to introduced its hd view point which is not hd supported secondly smart tv which is not pre installed google or google base any software and not update till now for android version or google supported any updateREAD MORE,3.0
"To be very honest and genuinely recommend this MI TV. With a great picture quality and sound clarity, it is coming with lots of different features that operates very fastly.. Impressive design and most affordable price made us very happy. You can go for this TV without asking questions. All the best.READ MORE",5.0
"what's so good at such a low price  mind blowing picture quality,sound and net connectivity also super nice smart tv👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
Very Good 100% SatisfiedI am writing this review after 4 months from my purchase. the product works 100 percentage perfect till now I had purchased another 32 inch MI LED Smart TV after my 3 months of usage for my friend just because I understand the product is hundred percentage up to Mark and Delivers hundred percentage value for money. I opt you all to go for this product. I am saying this because of my usage till now perfect one connectivity is awesome and simple. we can see mobile scre...READ MORE,4.0
"In this price range its an amazing product. It is playing almost any format video. Good picture quality,sound is avarage,need a good speaker or a sound bar for cinematic sound experience. Go for 43inch version its better.READ MORE",5.0
"Everyone must read my review before buying this product. Always It’s better to buy from MI WEBSITE instead of Flipkart. Flipkart was not ready to deliver this product to my rural area. So I had chosen alternate relatives address where it can be delivered, that is just 25kms from my place. Problem started after this. when I checked with Flipkart service partner JEEVES, they asked me to change the address by calling flipkart customer care, where it has to be installed. But after changing the ...READ MORE",1.0
"Best smart tv in this price range but picture quality i.e color reproduction is disappointing. color production is not rich and seems faded sometimes. I also have Vu tv (age 2yrs) which has highly impressive picture quality, rich, adequate & accurate color production. I recommend go for Vu Tv.READ MORE",3.0
"The Xiaomi Mi LED Smart TV 4 comes with a price tag of Rs 22,999. This is the only TV available in the market that offers all the high-end features at this price. Along with this, its minimalistic design and interactive operating system act as an added advantage. Unlike other manufacturers, the company also said that it will keep on rolling out timely updates for the TV in order to offer better user experience. So, if you are looking for a smart TV with 4K resolution, Android operating system...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome TV ... The more you explore the more you discover...  such a product for an affordable prize. TV arrived within a day and service engineer was kind enough to teach us the basics .READ MORE,5.0
"The product was delivered on time but the installation by Jeeves was not proper. The guy charged more (1599) than MRP (999) for wall mounted panel. First, he installed the tv in wall mounted position and the positioning was not correct when we asked him to change he answered rudely. Later, he changed the position but still the tv angle is not correct Apart from this, the look and feel of the picture is good. The sound quality is better than vu.READ MORE",3.0
Thise is a gud Tv in small budget i buy thise for watching cctv and it works fantastic also wifi connectivity is good and u can download amazon prime netflix through pendrive ...READ MORE,5.0
"The TV I received is a LCD TV and not a Led tv as advertised . It is clearly mentioned on the label on the box and on the TV. when I called customer care they say display is LCD but the light falls from the LED, hence it is a LED TV. I told them I am not satisfied with the explanation and asked them to send it in writing the technical details which they refused. I ordered an Led TV and expect to receive a led TV not just any other TV. Please don't mislead the buyers by advertising incorrectly...READ MORE",1.0
The product is good but there is no detailed manual for the various issues that are faced by the new customers. No help guide to sort out issues. The patch wall content is not playing. JIO cinema is not plating Zee 5 doesnot work ALT Balaji subscription of phone doesnot work on TV. No customer Care no.  to contact to sort out these issues.READ MORE,4.0
"Worth for money.one of the best option in smart tv's from a great brand. there are a lot of inbuilt applications including youtube. video broadcasting from mobile in youtube is not possible.casting display from mobile is a good featureremote had minimal buttons, but that is more than enough to operate tvno voice processing available in remoteno blutooth for connecting speakerspicture quality 3.8/5sound quality 3.6/5 not good basswifi connectivity 4.5/5READ MORE",4.0
It is not having pre- installed browser and play store so that we could download and install the software while we have to use pendrive and select install with USB option....I mean it should be more user friendly interface so called smart TV should be smart enough.READ MORE,3.0
"simply Awesome product,  quality is more than the price. Poweful and surround sound, display is crisp and clear and it does 90% well from straight viewing angle.Will miss the charm for colour reproduction now and then a bit, but what exites is the connectivity, speed of operating system and screen mirroring, simply wow! What it lacks is a proper android store, Bluetooth connncectivity to headphones and speakers or hometheatre, which are very important these days.If xiaomi can give these opt...READ MORE",4.0
"My review is going to be purely positive. So please don't expect any whining or complaints like most people do here in the reviews section.ProsAmazing picture clarityGreat color, contrast ratio and deep blacks3 HDMI ports and USB ports come in handy Rubber buttons on a very stylish remote No! Low sound quality is not a con at all because television panels are too thin these days and you need headphones or external speakers. Buy bookshelf speakers as they look stylish or a soundbar i...READ MORE",5.0
"First of all thanks to Flipkart and Ekart logistics for such quick delivery.installation & demo has also done in the 2nd day of delivery.it's looking good, smart, such big screen 43"" as per price.I played almost all types of videos and music through usb port by connecting pendrive. it's working good. if you want to see real performance and quality of this TV go for Tata sky DTH with hd connection then you are able see the real hd otherwise this is waste. you can't see and feel smart TV fea...READ MORE",4.0
"Best in the buck, what you get is really value for you money with good picture and sound quality from India's one of the favorite brand  Mi and flipkart dilevery is great with great packing.READ MORE",4.0
flipkart services is toooo good but MI led tv picture cleariylty from side vision is not good ..it's look like white colour picture only....smart tv in this price is good ...READ MORE,3.0
"good TV , but delivery is bad , gati delivery called me and said they vechile got break down , so can deliver it to a near by shop, paid extra 200 for auto to pick the TV home . Also I don't want installation as I gifted it to my brother who installed himself , but installation guy couldn't understand this as well as Flipkart customer care. keeps calling. good TV for this priceREAD MORE",4.0
"Great experience in terms of picture quality and sound quality. According to its no less than samsung tvs's in quality and they cost around 40-45k for 43 inch. I followed youtuber ""tech singh""'s advice for display settings and must say blacks look great too now. The thing is best settings are not pre enabled on this tv...so when you optimize the settings. Display is amazing. Only thing you might miss is bluetooth connectivity. I also found some good apps to overcome lack of app store like apt...READ MORE",5.0
Picture quality is good. soud quality is also good . last two month i used this product fully satisfied me. worth for money. some of the vedio file sound not supportedREAD MORE,4.0
"As expected, worth of money, good product, excellent service by flipkart and seller. Need to improve sound quality.If play store is there means super. If possible then add.READ MORE",4.0
"The tv is fine to view regular HD content. Non HD content doesn't look too nice. Tried playing FIFA 18 (PS4) on it and the tv couldn't handle it, gameplay gets glitchy. My 8 year old Samsung full HD TV did a better job. Slow moving games are quite nice, image sharpness is good, though the panel is not bright enough. Patch wall is quite good, smooth and responsive. For this price range the tv does it's job. Don't have high expectations (remember- premium tv's with the same specs are twice as ...READ MORE",4.0
"Overall TV is awesome except for some things, where miracast is not working properly with many mobile phone for screen casting as well as jio TV app is also not supported perfectly.READ MORE",4.0
Good Smart Tv:Smart features wise best TV in this range. patch wall is nice.. Picture quality is not that much great... Sometimes pictures look animated.READ MORE,4.0
"Hi guys & all, I ordered this product on 22nd of sept'18 & finally received & installed on 28th of sept'18.Before ordering, I was having nos. of confusions as I have done almost a month of observation on YouTube, expert comments, friends etc. I think this was common for all.Those who r need of TV , this is one of the best why?:-1. Smart TV:- features WiFi internet connectivity, VGA port to connect laptop/desktop, ethernet port & Android based patchwall UI is understandable.2. Miscellaneo...READ MORE",4.0
Overall good buy for this Price range. Good picture quality. Sound is little less compared to the 43 inches screen. I had to connect soundboard speaker to get the feel. It is I really nice to have  3xHDMI and 3xUSB ports. but if TV unit is wall mounted then it's very difficult to reach one's hand till the ports. Remote control is not suitable for netflix. I had to connect additional Wifi mouse+ keyboard.READ MORE,4.0
"I booked MI 43 on date 30-09-2018, delivery was  01-10-2018  on time really appreciate flipkart for amazing fast delivery... and good thing is same day installation... Amazing.... Quality is superb.. Superb sound of this smart tv... Thanks MI for this best quality product.....Specially for Flipkart... U guys are superb... Keep it up.. Again thanks flip kart....READ MORE",5.0
Excellent TV in this price range.  I was not sure initially but purchased this after reading the reviews. And yes reviews don't lie. Don't know how it will work in long run but for the time being it is great. plays almost all  video formats. plays subtitles if made built in. wi fi and ethernet are working fine too.  Apps can be installed using pen drive. Only problem is that Hotstar is not running. overall excellent purchase.READ MORE,5.0
super and nice sound this one best android version tv thank you so much mi teamREAD MORE,5.0
the best product in this price range. excellent services provided by flipkart and its service partner of jeevesh.i am very  thankful to flipkart and his team for fastest delivery and super support.READ MORE,5.0
"After using this TV for two weeks, here is my feedback:PROs: - Rich feature set for a smart TV- Easy to use remote- Simple interfaceCons:- Set top box (STB) settings keeps getting erased. IR Cable is not included and sold separately. Even with that, it is not easy to switch channels.- Default color profiles are bad. First impression on color scheme is very bad. Need to calibrate a lot to achieve desired contrast and saturation.- Volume when using STB is poor. - Very limited free co...READ MORE",3.0
"overall tv is good but the sound quality is not good, not bassy. mi could do better with remote like adding mouse button and key pad.READ MORE",5.0
"picture quality is Good, support almost all types of video format. patchwall is very user friendly. sounds is also good. worth for money. I will recommend if u want budget TV then just go for it... delivery and installation is on time... no delay... and installation engineer is Welltrained.READ MORE",4.0
Super TV Value for money and Flipkart excellent caring delivery and Mi also provides Google certified update in future So in future Mi TV also Google certified TV Thnx For Mi give promise Update This is the reason why I choose Mi instead Of Thomson Mi gave Updates for their Customers Thnx Xiaomi TV Budget TV go for it blindly for budget people.READ MORE,5.0
"Looks like value for money but if you  compare  with other big brands in market quality is definitely  low.  If you  just want a big TV  in ur home with average  quality  display,  good sound then you can still go for it. For Rs. 21000 you cannot  expect  much.  But if ur a fan  of clarity then should  invest  more and got for Sony,  Samsung, LG etc.READ MORE",3.0
"Really really great deal at this price , if you compare with big brands mi was no competition because same features same quality at this price no way mi led is bestREAD MORE",5.0
the tv is good available at this price tag sound - very good UI easy only full hd videos not upto the mark... Overall its good...READ MORE,4.0
The product delivery was super fast .... TV got delivered before expected delivery date and installation and demo  was done on same day of delivery.... TV is quite good at this price range it is value for money product.READ MORE,5.0
it a amazing product nd very good to see in my living room . all of my kids enjoying ..   it is a great value for money on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
tv is very good I liked very much clarity sound & good options & one more they are telling free installation but they had taken 200rs from me for installation nothing has done opend box & he has fitted that's it?READ MORE,5.0
good budget smart tv and the patch wall is good as wellREAD MORE,5.0
"Neither too good nor too bad . No play store , so for installing new apps you need to extract apk and put it in a USB device and then need to install the app. Screen clarity is somehow good . I bought this TV for my room . In living room we are using Haeir TV which is master in terms of clarity. After seeing Haeir this MI seems to be  a slave.Remote keys are very limited . Anyhow neither you feel regretted nor proud for purchasing this. AverageREAD MORE",3.0
best smart TV in this range .. great work tech support team as well installed  in a day value for Money .. Flipkart MI crew hats off !!!! Great services!!!READ MORE,5.0
Great value buy. Connectivity/screen mirroring is very good. The sound features like surround sound & clarity needs to be improved & a visible drawback. . Otherwise the purchase was a good decision.READ MORE,5.0
Some of the apps don't work as expected. Have to manage anyhow (like Netflix). But it's worth. M pretty happy with the product. I think update of a play store in it is very important. I hope we get that update someday. Will be eagerly waiting. When can we use Google Play Store? When it will be Updated? Plz response!READ MORE,5.0
"Software is the weakest point. Contrast not good. Color reproduction is not noteworthy.Patchwall will need lot of patching. Thank god I have Beelink GT1 android box. Otherwise my purchase was screwed. If you are looking for budget VfM LCD TV, go for it. For apps, entertainment find pure android version TVs. Else buy good 4K LED and buy android box for entertainmentREAD MORE",2.0
"writing this review after 1.5 months of usage. better than most of the top brands in this category. At this price,  no second thought. additional 2 yr warranty with nominal price ...excellent.very good service by Flipkart and jeevsREAD MORE",5.0
"Its, value for money to buy this. Fantastic picture and sound quality. I had also bought ir blaster so now no need to use tata sky remote.  Its smart but not android. And unable to use google chrome. If any can  one inform me how to use or install google in this tv.. Over all mind-blowing products is this one. thanks MI.READ MORE",5.0
its not artificial reviewits real review after use & market survey of similar productI bought it before 1 year days MI 43Positiveit has awesome picture quality over all its best good result in sd channel cablebest result in hd channel cableNeed to improve in some software which i expect from MiREAD MORE,5.0
TV is good but for good picture quality you need to have hd set top box otherwise picture will be blurry...otherwise a super budget TV!READ MORE,4.0
best Led in this budget extremely happy with this product really appreciate it. Good Job MI..!!READ MORE,5.0
Awesome TV at this price point. No other brands come closer to mi quality. excellent tv anyone can use simple and user friendly. Sound is just wow.  Bid respect to Xiaomi for bringing such a good tv in excellent price point. A true winner.READ MORE,5.0
Mi smart tv information not provided Google support not available in mi tv not smart tv only normal tvREAD MORE,1.0
It's a good choice as per the price being offered but still to say it's not in line with branded TV like Samsung or Sony. Smooth transition in motion is missing although they claim it. One more thing that at same price your will get the Branded Samsung or Sony from grey market with clear motion function and more vibrant in colors and extreme clarity in picture quality.READ MORE,3.0
"5 ratings for Flipkart delivery, already an MI fan and satisfied with the MI TV 32, really a bang for a buck, so for admiring the MI TV and its smart tv feature, will update TV features in my later updates.READ MORE",5.0
"i make review after 2 month use of mi tv ,this is very nice quality, easy to start, and sound quality is very good... display is clean, thank you mi...READ MORE",5.0
pic quality is hd good but  normal channel average. sound is very good matirial also good.Softwre level very good better than other new coming tvs very easy and comfortable remote also super.Overall good and ecnomy.READ MORE,4.0
Hii.. I'm Mohd Waseem... I'm Very Satisfied ND Happy Dis Awesome ND Valuable Or Cheap Rates Dis Product Of Dis Features.... 😊😊😊😘😘👍👍READ MORE,4.0
amazing value for money picture quality is good but you can Enjoy in this prise Thanks Flipkart for fast Delivery1) Best connectivity2) Picture quality is good3)Patch wall is Good4)Easy to OperateREAD MORE,5.0
"Coming to flipkart, great delivery delivery and installation was done very next day of placing order. No issues with installation and demo. Boot time is very less and connectivity is awesome, internet works great with no network issues. Pros. 1.Good picture quality in this range 2. Searching content is super fast 3. Remote works perfect and 11 button does it job 4. Mirroring is super simple and even sound syncs. 5. You can use it without cable connection also by sideloading redtv or any other...READ MORE",5.0
"Flipkart was prompt in delivering the product, however the product return when attempted was not upto the mark, many hurdles and technicalities were read out ..Dont buy big ticket items based on basis of word of mouth or reviews on the net, try speaking to direct customers and take opinion also try to see the product first hand..overall picture quality was what prompted me to return the product but finally as it was proving to be a herculean task i couldn't... Final reviews for the product i ...READ MORE",2.0
"Good Product by MI. In this budget that television is very good...Superb sound quality.. Picture quality is average.But while we compare than sony, Samsung,LG it's good one in respect of cost..Go & purchase.. Thanks to installation team..very fast delivered by FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
mi LED smart TV 4A very excellent.picture quality very goodsound also Nice every thing good value for money.thank u flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"Recommended to all who like to buy a tv in budjet with high quality,  excellent service from flipkart delivery man santhosh bhai.  mi customer care is helpfully... excellent product...... high quality picture and excellent sound quality...READ MORE",4.0
At this price this TV is the best in the Market...... Picture and sound quality is very good..... I feel it is the best budget TV available in the market......READ MORE,5.0
"surely this is more than a TV.  forgot about your dish, cabel connection or set top box . This TV simple connect with your mobile hotspot and can watch everything through your phone internet. wow I am so happy for choosing this. total value for money.READ MORE",5.0
"Gdevng ,MI LED Smart Tv picture not clarity even Sound also not clarity plz frwrd Techincian resolve it prablem ,already i informd to  U r and tv automatic turn off ,resolve this prablemREAD MORE",5.0
"It's very nice nice TV in my budget, but I disappointed about pictures clarity (just slightly), good sound, good features. I am very happy to shopping with Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Good Features In mi 4A led smart tv at lovest price best tvREAD MORE,5.0
fantastic tv it's really awesome full clarity picture and clear soundREAD MORE,5.0
very good TV exprience at very low price.Here some features:20 watt output speaker so sound quality is very high. Good experience in patchwal interface.picture quality is better. looks so premium. so slim as compared to other smart Tv's Bestest part is the price of Tv is very low as compared to other companies.  Xiaomi is the bestREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product   running very good and audio and display is good  love itREAD MORE,5.0
"I had Samsung smart TV which damage during reinstall of TV and thinking MI will worth it or not bcoz mi TV cost is cheaper than Samsung but my experience is much better than Samsung led tv , quality sound and connectivity is also good | and I'm planning 2nd TV soon which also from.MI ONLY -THANKS MI AND FLIPKARTREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent budget TV fast delivery and super fast installation. Thank youREAD MORE,5.0
After 3 weeks of usage review:1# Picture ClarityThe picture clarity is good .Color production is pretty good.Brightness and contrast can be adjusted Adaptive display eye protection all works fine.Everyone should know that its a led backlit lcd tv.All tvs are lcd with led backlit .Overall display is 4.42#SoundLoud clear base reflex stereo sound .overall sound is 4.53#Miracast is smooth with stock androids and oreo version .4#Usb hdmi works as expected.The external hdd of 1tb works fi...READ MORE,4.0
"On Time Delivery, MI products are always awesome and flipkarts delivery makes this order worthy. Picture quality and sound quality is marvalous. Colours are perfect, Apps need to be side loaded which is an easy process, No Wifi connection only through LAN cable. I loved every bit of it !!!READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing TV in this price range, Picture Clarity is also Amazing. YouTube, Hotstar etc. are running smooth as well !!READ MORE",5.0
Jeeves consumer services Noida Sec 22 and flipkart did a amazing job got installation done in timely manner by Mr Gaurav Gupta.He is perfect and honestly did his job.We hope pray bright future ahead of themREAD MORE,5.0
"Very beatifull display look by each angle . And Awesome colour quality. Sound also strong and clear. Over all Very Good product by MI . I would like to Say    ""NOTHING LIKE THIS"".READ MORE",5.0
"Great service by Flipkart. I had ordered the TV for my mother who lives in a village, and the delivery guys ensured they reached my village address on time. Highly impressed by Flipkart service. good job.READ MORE",5.0
at this rate superb product. mu mi need s to improve some bugs. sound is not clear and loud and some color in picture is not good. no. user manual and power cell given in a box. wall mount we have to purchase additional. over all it's worth at this rate.READ MORE,4.0
"super fast delivery and well packed. the delivery agent  well fir tor the job,    product wise superiour quality but you must maintain the distance about 7feets after it then you see great picture quality . hd works great ,and one more thing is  patchwall contents gives u lot of time to spent on it, dont fear about negative reviews its deffinetly value for money. beleive me inside the package you see wonders as it mentioned on th box.READ MORE",5.0
"The Best Smart Tv at this price range. i spend a couple of weeks in choosing between Vu 32inch smart tv, Micromax 32inch smart tv and Mi tv. Finally after all the research, I chose to buy Mi tv based on all the reviews.Netflix works fine but u need a mouse to scroll down the page. Still the quality of Netflix videos depends on your internet connectivity. Out of 8GB RAM, 2GB is used for inbuilt apps and processes. 6GB is available. Super quick delivery by flipkart. Omnitech retail is t...READ MORE",5.0
good tv..for that amount getting a 43 inch smart TV is worth..sound is not that good and no Bluetooth are the only limitations..setting the tv is very easy..READ MORE,4.0
My son at Pune brought same MI TV in  this July. Is happy with. Thanks to Flipcart for great products at very affordable price.READ MORE,5.0
"Movie Will Not Smooth By Screen Mirroring, Picture Quality Is Good, Sound Is Also Good But If You Need A Quality crystal clear Sound Than You’ll Have To Buy Another Speaker Or Music System, Overall The Product Is Value For Money And If you’re Thinking To Buy Go Ahead.READ MORE",5.0
"you guys who need good tv at low. price must buy mi tv 4a 43"" i have baught it,, its awsome result it too good, l0ved it, but 1 droback is flipkart have deliverd my tv in 4 days which is good but after that 2 3 days tv just place in home no connectivity due to installation pending by third-party, flipkart should hire own installation team who will be there when product delivered by which installation can done at a delivery time but overall its too. good awsome product must buy, clearlity is t...READ MORE",5.0
wow what a product.  . smart TV in a smart price.   kudosREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is fantastic, superb value for money.The product got delivered within 3 days and installation was done on same day of delivery.Installation guys was good, very nicely explained very thing. Miracast is working properly, sound is good. But to enjoy picture quality u should have HD set box because size of TV is big and on normal set up box TV will not meet your expectationREAD MORE",5.0
Need to improve more picture quality. If you have HD channel and video then quality is Good. Sound quality is Good. External app amezon prime is not working. If you have net connectivity more then 10MB then sound and picture quality more clear. if you want to use you mobile network then picture quality not good. Flipkart commit for 3 USB port but its have only 2 USB port. I am not expected at flipkart end. But that amount its complete solution for smart tv.READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome TV with great quality picture and sound, it's worth at this price. No connectivity issues or any issues. This has been my best decision to buy mi tv.READ MORE",5.0
MI TV 4A awesome LED good clarity of pictures HD & normal Dolby sound  value of money on time delivery on time fitment thank you so much Flipkart....😎READ MORE,5.0
super TV...just loved it...great value for money...must buy...very thin...light weight...good service by Flipkart..fast delivered....go for it...don't wait....am happy to have this loved tvREAD MORE,5.0
Just awesome it is guys believe me..got it for just 13249/- only...picture quality is awesome...sonud is also pretty good...connectivity is at it's best..so guys go for it... u can also put your request on mi official app it is fast n reliable.?READ MORE,5.0
"In my view, the MI TV 4A is an excellent product innovation and economically defined for meeting middle class families entertainment. Worthful and I am fully satisfied with the quality level, usability and simplicity of this TV. Most important thing is value for money. I appreciate Flipkart marketing strategy and services partners in a greater extent. This TV is not only met my requirements but exceeded the expectations in an effective & excellent way. Thank you very much to MI, Flipkart and ...READ MORE",5.0
1. Display is quite good has vivid colors and image is sharp and clear 2. audio is also good its clear and adequately loud3. software is kind of a level below of what i have been expecting but it will be updated with more features and content in the future as company says4. screen casting works flawlessly5. good value for money product6. remote is simple but to those users who r new or doesn't know technology that much this can be a hassle to learn but its also easy to operate but it has...READ MORE,5.0
"I liked the product, it has good sound  and look is also great . very happy to buy it. Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
it is the world's best TV I buy this I love it and all peoples love it my all relatives tell me u buy so much good TV mi is best my all friends all mi note 4 only included me and drone alsoREAD MORE,5.0
"Cons of this tv.1.) picture quality blurs in sdchannels.But it was ok in Hd channels.2.) Mitv is not coming with yupptv , amazon prime , netflix like good apps.And also you cant install it , because of Mitv does not contain playstore , and even if you try to install playstore.apk from local app , mitv dont allow any of google apps for installing into Mitv.Which makes Mitv not a smart tv.Any app from google stucks in installing.I tried to install yupptv it was stucked , means in short you ca...READ MORE",4.0
"Recently bought this tv from flipkart. On time delivery and installation. Tv picture quality is good. Able to play videos which is not even playing in other smart tvs. For more extensions support I installed mxplayer and it works fine for all the video and audio formats.  I can say this is value for your money spent but still few things are noticeable 1. Patchwall displays contents form different providers like Hungama, Sony live, viu, alt Balaji original are all fine but still if i want to...READ MORE",3.0
"Pros:->android smart tv for less price.->plays many formats from usb->nice remote,forward,backward videos easy for usb video filesCons:->display is average not sure if it is LED i guess its LCD->video in youtube cannot be forwarded with remote and back button hangs for youtube app.->hungama signing wont work properlyAfter on year, without pressing remote buttons, tv automatically get selecting buttons itself continuously, few months youtube didnt workedREAD MORE",2.0
Best LED Smart TV in this price and best service by Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
jeeves consumers & flipkart is very good service and technician Mr Gaurav Gupta very good job time punctual perfect work honest and dedicated person we hope and pray bright and good speed in his future lifeREAD MORE,4.0
"Its 10 days now, i could say a best TV , price never been compromised with the quality.  looks decent ,  Sound is good not extraordinary , Display Great, miracast works great , Youtube work without any problem. overall a good package Tv.my initial tv delivery was broken , as soon as the delivery executives saw that , they taken action for replacement and they saved my lot of time. flipkart on time delivery  is great. from IR blaster mobile synchs to tv easily. finally i could add few thing ...READ MORE",5.0
"Abysmally smart.The price that the TV carries shouldn't prompt any misalignments in your thoughts, thought it appears too good for the price, it's. Without excectuating, I would like to say that the tv works fine, ruddy good. The viewing angle is acute, compared to other, but it's worth otherwise.READ MORE",5.0
"good quality worthy product , on time delivery and same day installation we are very much happy and satisfiedREAD MORE",4.0
"owsome product from mi .must buy ,but the tv is not led it is Lcd screen..tv is very good ;make our tv watching more entertaining ,simply wow......After one year,, some black marks are spreading from all edges of screen.. ( TV is still working ) Service person saying this is not included in the warranty,, too bad service from mi..READ MORE",3.0
giving review after 2 month of use:1.Full marks for flipkart services and delivery2.MI services was also very good and I will give full marks.3.Colours are really very great but black looks like grey thats the only problem.4. The 1080p resolution looks really awesome. It's really a good competitor for some big brands if compare with full HD resolution.5. Sound quality is good I will give 4/5 in terms of sound and 5/5 according to price and you barely need home theatre for it.6. After us...READ MORE,4.0
everything is ok with the TV but the installation is not so good as the engineer is not arrived at time so we hire another Engineer at our cost therefore for installation purpose don't want to give even a single star for the installation otherwise MI LED Smart TV is very good.READ MORE,5.0
very nice product .Excellent I am using one weak product is good .it is supported HD channels .SD channels picture quality is not good . some times HD channels also face clarity  missing .  sound quality is good .hotstar and other net videos not play in 1080 p picture quality . value for money .  installation is very poor becz delivery ofter one weak  they are came .delivery is good I was receive in 4days . mobile concativity is good ..Google play store is not there . some net videos not pl...READ MORE,4.0
"picture quality is awesome when TV is on downloaded video mode.. but when it's online or av mode the picture quality is not so good..picture clarity, colour combinations can be better.. here sony bravia is more effective..sound quality is good, but not awesome.. when you keep it on table mount, the sound will be louder.. you will easily get louder sound here, but the sweetness or heart touching sound quality is absent.. so sound quality is also less effective than Sony bravia..but the conn...READ MORE",5.0
worth buying . i hope we dont see any prob in future.. but we genuinely recommend it to all those who are trying to buy their dream LED tv with affordable price..READ MORE,5.0
"Good support in delivering and installation, it is working good as well and recommend for 14k budget. Thanks for Mi and Flipkart :)READ MORE",5.0
I am surprised enough and thinking that how did people give such a impressive rating to this product. I purchased the MI 32 inch LED TV and was expecting a quality product from the MI. But it disappointed me a lot when I noticed the picture quality it is delivering. I was the one at my home who suggested to buy this product after going through the reviews of this product from Flipkart. But at the end I am totally downhearted. I would have add some few more to my budget and gone for good br...READ MORE,2.0
According to another brand this not so very good but OK typed product. And Intex avoid smart TV is the better option.READ MORE,3.0
very nice tv anroid smart best budget superREAD MORE,5.0
good product for this budget and each facilities are amazing. the delivery is perfect and timely services and installation have been done perfect and experiencing a good time in my home with this new tvREAD MORE,5.0
sundirct 3 color pins not good clear picture . but cast screen sharing very good clarity awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Mi TV 4A Best LED TV at This PriceGreat Picture QualitySuperb Crystalic Sound with DTS HDNice Build QualityGood PackagingEasy to Use Patchwall UIBezzels are so Thin compared to other TVsAll Application working FineSmooth and Lagless ExperienceEasy to Use Mi Remote Connectivity 10/10Overall Value for Money Product by XiaomiPicture Quality is Really Great I suggest you to Use this LED TV with HD Set Top Box for Great ExperienceThanks to Flipkart to Provide Good Installation Servi...READ MORE,5.0
good quality and the as looking clerati is wandrafull. it's showing led but it's lebal is lcd  other ways is best option this tvREAD MORE,4.0
"Really liked Mi Smart TV , Value for money . After the purchase Demo was also very nice . He explained us & cleared all our doubts .READ MORE",4.0
m just fall in love with this LED.  Good picture Quality TV is very Smooth in every term.  I order this on 16 sep and they delived next day and same day installation . thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Features are wonderful but clarity is not like panasonic smart TV that I have on other room where in that is not full HD... Delivery was at lighting speed by flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
I can not believe that I will get smart TV at such a low price. excellent fecture and with in two days fast delivery.thanks you so much MI product and filpkart team.READ MORE,5.0
best tv for best price . even delivery is good and also installation is amazing in ur convenient time.READ MORE,5.0
It is a great valuable product provide from redmi on low budget. sound quality is too good and WiFi connectivity also so good operation also too good. provide a fully smart remote for TV is so good easy to operate and scroll. and the shipping of Flipcart is so smooth and too good. installation or demo also provide from Flipcart is too good. the attractive price of 32 inch's smart TV. Rs 13999/- is so valuable.The life of the TV is unknown. rest of other field of product is very good of this ...READ MORE,5.0
Television is nice with good pictures quality but sound system is not good and service centre is really bad they charged extra Rs 200 for fitting otherwise its okay but better to suggest go for other company for better experience and value for the moneyREAD MORE,4.0
i am giving review of this tv after  15 days using that this is superb tv Smart and cool at afordable price....i want my Frenchise to support MI in rurl area were online shoping is not posible there  i will open. becauae they give us Best produ t in afordable pricethanksREAD MORE,5.0
"original product, great packaging, 1 day delivery, next day installation, great response by Flipkart, truly loved it...and awesome TV in this price range. World' s best TV in this price range..great awesome mind-blowingREAD MORE",5.0
"Best product in this price. Those who expect cinematic experience can buy extra Sound System. if you want to install apps like VLC, or Internet browser, can install using USB. Already detailed review is written by experts so in short I will say 'It is the best TV available in this price'.READ MORE",5.0
"looking good but this tv is not LED, it's LCD n picture quality is not better but good.Flipcart tracking system is very bad. need for better tracking system.READ MORE",3.0
i recommend it fotgot everything go for iti ordered it and delivery date is 15 sept 2018 but it delivered before 15 sept 2018. it delivered on 12 sept 2018 and installed on 13 sept 2018good picture quality but we should not compare it with 30000 rs tvsound quality is much better i impressedREAD MORE,5.0
"Great TV at good price... Pictiorization and connectivity with wifi or casting via mobile are great and easy.  Max uitilization of screen is plus for this TV. All will have some disadvantage, this TV also have some.Normal sound quality, good for general Hall.No mute button so reducing volume to zero will become mute.READ MORE",5.0
"good product and perfect display.ButTV has been delivered on Friday still installation part has not been done. They are cheating like we will come in 1 hr, 30 mins...do I look like fool, dont I have any other works????I can easily do installation with the help of YouTube, but they said installation only should done by concerned person. better I return the TV would be good for me. I will surely return if it takes more than 24 hours from nowREAD MORE",5.0
"Video quality is fine... Audio quality average.. Better we can use some external speakers which sounds good.. Otherwise product is value for money... If you want budget smart tv with above average performance I recommend this.... YouTube, hot star apps working fine... Mira cast also working fine..READ MORE",5.0
"Very nice but I don't know why this is smart tv??? Only few movie channel access, no Google, no download not any internet service or not any browsing. No storage. This is completely normal led but product is nice and you can buy only if you want a good quality LED TV. Sound is ok, Picture quality and easy to access. Overall it's excellent as a led but not a smart.READ MORE",3.0
Fewer useful apps. Apps supported via aptoid TV may be out of date or an upgrade may make the app to not function properly. The rmote control is very basic with fewer buttons and may sometimes be difficult to control. Miracast disconnects or fails to connect many times even with a Mi phone.A Chromecast is more convenient in comparison based on personal experience. Browser apps may not work or may be difficult to navigate using the remote.Screen resolution is ok. Price is good for a smart TV...READ MORE,3.0
ok...it's been 4months I am using this tv. if you want to know about pros then there are lot of but in cons side you need to have a dedicated WiFi connection for this tv. phone WiFi won't solve the purpose because it will take more than 2gb per day on a so so use. and high use it will take more than 4gb per day.secondly ir cabil don't work without WiFi or net connection. even if it's working it will not good with cabil connection. it will work great with dish connection as per my experience...READ MORE,2.0
Using Mi Tv 4A  32inch for around 15 days. Great Product for budget buyers..Really Great for normal TV users; not recommended for gamers or as a monitor replacement.If you wanna watch TV via cable/dth or have a good internet connection(Live Streaming); Product is fine or should say the best among price range.PROS:- Light weight (because of the plastic build); except some screws I doubt the presence of any other metallic objects ;) Looks kind of Premium too.- Ofcourse.. PATCHWALL. (Class...READ MORE,5.0
"Works as a good smart tv. Installing media players, I can watch movies recorded on my external hard drive;  can stream videos with youtube. Good entertainer.READ MORE",5.0
"In detail once the tv arrives ,it is recommended for the installation guys to install it to activate warranty ,as I had purchased with 3year warranty,technicians are amazing ,,tv is perfect for those who want to download Netflix please download aptioid app and download ,100% worth itREAD MORE",5.0
very smart tv in this budget price....go for it....little bit hang.....otherwise u can enjoy which u cannot enjoy any other smart tv.......u can watch hotstar sony liv youtube ..many more app......FANTASTIC SMART TVREAD MORE,4.0
very gud product from mi... i am very happy about performance of tv ... superb tv in this price range... thanks to flipkart too for excellent service... service of installation is also very gud and prompt....READ MORE,5.0
Nice led in nice price worth for money.READ MORE,5.0
definitely value for money. Good picture quality with sharp and clear images. Sound quality is awesome. the remote is sleek with only few buttons which makes typing a little difficult. Delivery and installation was done on time.READ MORE,4.0
Best product in this price best picture quality sound quality is also good clear voice recommended to all who want to buy smart t.v  thanks to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and very good picture quality. Excellent worth buying .READ MORE,5.0
I have been using this tv for past 4 months and it working flawlessly. Pros :- 1.Very Good representation Of picture.2. pictures appear true to life.3. connectivity is good 4. Sound ia just awesome even though i have wall mounted it.Cons :-. 1.IR cable guy charged us 300rs. No use of ir cable as it cannot perform its work.2. Single remote makes it difficult to use.3. Start up time is much more like 20 sec.4. Software will gove issues sometimes but it is negligible. Don't forgot to hit...READ MORE,4.0
"In this price range, this is the best Smart TV by far. Do not compare it with Sony or LG because those will be around twice the price this is. Overall Satisfied with the product! 👍READ MORE",5.0
"Hi, thank you MI and flipkart. Great product and services. You simply proved coming days are for e-commerce. This is the best online service that I ever received. I recommend everyone to buy this TV, value for Money, that is sure. Because the LED display and sound quality is superb. Also wifi and miracast everything working fine. Installation and demo is an experiance. Excellent. I got this in just 3 days, also in Cash on Delivery. Thank you.READ MORE",5.0
"Sound quality and display is good and so is connectivity. A very simple and decent user interface. Its worth every penny(rupee).If it just got an bluetooth feature, then i would have wanted nothing more from it. Nevertheless it is amazing product and the services provided by flipkart and jeeves(installation service)  is also satisfactory. Undoubtedly Go for it ;)READ MORE",5.0
smart TV very good assembly LCD assembly please check LED LED screen not goodREAD MORE,4.0
osum TV in low prise the best quality picture HD Smart for any person I'll prefer the mi TV only bcoz the best quality like smart mobile and tht remote also very smartREAD MORE,5.0
TV is perfect and great delivery by Flipkart... Nothing is clear about the offer with TV which is bad....READ MORE,4.0
"Best tv in this price range.Good picture and sound quality.small and compact remote,wifi,3 HDMI,3 usb ports, supports wireless mouse and keyboard.Also supports Bluetooth audio transmitor.READ MORE",5.0
"Really a nice TV. Actually I seen didnt seen the YouTube app and hot star app in tv. But after connecting to internet it got installed automatically after 2 hrs.So initially better connect ur tv in wifi and leave it for some time, so that YouTube and hot star will install automatically.READ MORE",5.0
awesome tv picture quality very nice and sound quality good and very important is tv value for money..🙂🙂READ MORE,5.0
Great product. This has the value for the money that we are spending..... It will be better the remote is capable of handling without any mouse. Nice picture quality... easy to navigate between different optionsREAD MORE,5.0
superb Tv with a nice viewing experience .. and also liked the fast intalation in a day after i get my tv . its connectivity is also too good it cathes wifi signal from a long distance and work smoothlyREAD MORE,5.0
"Hate the Delivery as they didn't deliver it on time but loved the product and installation done very next day of delivery and on time by jeevas The picture quality is so good and sound is too efficient for living room or master bedroom But sometimes you can feel that It should be improved little more,overall I got this for 22,250 as I did prepaid transcition to avail 10% off So at this range it's worthy of every peeny..READ MORE",5.0
amazing product this TV was amazing picture quality is awesome and sound excellent overall fabulous product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Best price best quality very very nice thank you mi and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
its a very basic smart tv.dont expect more while buyingno support to Google. limited apps . only YouTube works fine but I don't know whom to contact if this tv got repairedREAD MORE,2.0
Its more of a budget saver than its price. You don't even have to pay for cable if use use internet instead & use free apps that work like cable ( live channels) or simply HD Movies & streaming. Draw back for now is that it is LCD & does not support DVD players or similar players.READ MORE,5.0
"Pros: Cheapest smart TV, easy to use, easy installation, more features like miracast.  Cons: Video clarity is not as good as Sony, it's just OK. Audio is louder, with some noise too. Overall, worth for budget buyers, just like a smart phone maximum 5-6yrs of life for this TV..READ MORE",4.0
"Great value for money and the best specifications out there in the market in this price segment.Though, It doesn't have IPS display. It is still old TFT technology, but works.Viewing angles are okay.Audio isn't too loud, but good enough for a 10x10 room.Does support almost all video formats over USB, even if otherwise, you can sideload MX player since this runs on android,and play anything/everything.UI is slightly laggy at times and remote has to be properly pointed towards the TV as i...READ MORE",5.0
I am writing this review after using this TV for 4 months. Flipkart delivered the TV on time and the installation was done quickly. The packaging is good and I would appreciate MI and Flipkart for this. I loved it and would recommend you to buy this TV if you have any budget constraint.PROS:1. Powerful Smart TV with more Features and Lesser Price.2. Audio is Good.3. Built in Quality is good.4. Video is good but not as good as Sony. We can ignore this due to huge difference in price betw...READ MORE,4.0
fantastic tv. any one finding to buy tv means. I will give  you option to buy mi led smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
"I have purchased MI TV 43 Inch on 25th Aug 2018 and  since then within 3 months I have faced lots of issues.1-  In September 1st Time - TV screen was just like X Rays screens, I was not able to watch anything , objects was look looks like X-Rays object     than I raised a complain and Engineer came and repair my TV and said IT will work fine I thought It is okey  2. In November I got two time display issue Now i am not able to see anything on display Its totally blanked, I can not see eve...READ MORE",5.0
"Very good TV.. 23k segment... Sounds 20W speaker amazing. And picture Quality very well, Im playing 1080p videos very awesome.. Normal set up box clarity not good.. But HD setup Box quality very Amazing.. Totally Happy to Buy... and also Demo on time and GoodREAD MORE",5.0
One of the best Smart TV in this price range. Picture and sound quality are amazing. Android and other features are just unbeatable at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Very fast deliver. Nice product. Good quality and product so fine. Tq mi also. But installing process is still in pending. But I am totally satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Value for your money.. for 24k you get advanced  full hd tv with smart features. Using it for 1 month and so far I am happy with the productREAD MORE,5.0
"The product is definitely worth it!! and the services by flipkart were just outstandingly quick. The day I booked in evening I received it right next day, moreover the installation and demo was also completed on the same day. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"Mi is the best value for money and Price is the decisive factor here. Otherwise, in terms of overall picture quality and experience, I'll still go for Sony and Panasonic - I am using both of these brand smart TVs in 40-43"" size and these are better then my new Mi.READ MORE",3.0
"Its ok tv. Buy only if u want smart tv with this budget. Need to compromise on dispaly. Colour and clearity is pathetic. If ready to adjust on these fronts the go for this ""smart TV"". Better go for normal TV at this price.READ MORE",4.0
Amazing MI Smart led tv sound and picture quality superREAD MORE,5.0
"Is this a smart TV yes. But is it smart yeah it is. A clever marketing ploy between Mi and top notch channels. You need to pay for all content online. SMARTLY laid out patch wall enticing you and when u click there you are you have to pay.... Besides this the TV picture quality is poor honestly. The colour looks like its washed green and blue and a dull plate ... Wi-Fi, it connects. Occasionally slow. Perfect recipe to spoil ur TV time.  Can be used with STBs too... for that do u need a smart...READ MORE",1.0
"Good product but not good as compared as Sony,Samsung,L.G. Display is very bad . not sufficient clarity or brightness .READ MORE",3.0
1 month of usage with out HD boxes not preferable. sound  is average. picture quality HD videos is good others pixelated. no audio output jack only head phone jack but its only having a safe sound. out put speakers cant perform well with headphone jacks. tv is okay. but am saying frankly all this for the upcomming purchasing buyers. am satisfied with this tv. but i have faced these kind of conditions.READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is good ... sound also perfect ... in these price .. these is the best product .... value for money .... 👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
OK OK for the given price but doesn't stand for the brand name of mi. sound quality is fine but not satisfied with the picture quality of the product. needs improvement in display.READ MORE,3.0
Superb and excellent Product and True value for Money.  I will recommend to you have amazing experience with this.READ MORE,5.0
good product installed looks good picture quality is not good but compare to value 4money it's good sound quality is good connectivity is not checked yet overall 1good experience of online 🛍READ MORE,4.0
Loving it. Nice clarity . Fast shipping and installation. Using it nearly for 2 months . Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
it's working well and truly grateful work done by flipkart and associate business partner. great thanks for all.....🙂READ MORE,5.0
I got it on correct time and the installation was also done at correct time. It is a nice TV .Good graphics.Thank you flipkart for giving me such a good product.I prefer everyone to buy this oneREAD MORE,5.0
"Good smart led hd tv in 23k.hi, there was a confusion in my mind whether to buy Panasonic 43 inches UHD 4k or MI 4A. and finally i settled for MI 4A. This tv is nice. big screen size, gud and easy user interface is there. some pros and cons which i fonund in 12 days use.pros:1. well, the price. In this price u get 43inches led smart tv.2. the delivery of flipkart and the installation from jeeves was real quick and prompt. next day the tv arrived and the day after that installation was d...READ MORE",4.0
tv is worth buying you won't get such master piece at this price range.. scope if improvement is there for the interferance .. you tube hotstar can be downloaded and working well... cheers to Flipkart n miREAD MORE,5.0
"satisfied with the product...it arrived in time. I can't say anything about this tv right now because i have received just 2days ago..for now i can say that it's picture quality, connectivity, performance, sounds and bass are really good and satisfied..thank Flipkart and teamREAD MORE",5.0
"I just give 3 star for this product ,i recently buy this product hopefully its be nice product.bt i m not satisfied with delhivary courier service ,MI TV 43 inch had to dispatch by delhivary service . its service was vary poor. delivery boy was not picking phone. neither deliver on time and make all time excuse..i request to flip kart from onward don't  delivery my product by delhivary courier  other wise i would like to return my product.....READ MORE",3.0
"This is so amazing, so good , nice pic quality,nice sound . I'm very happy with this .READ MORE",5.0
mi TV is good for less price  and quality wise also same i.e value for the money but picture quality is not much good compared to higher models...it's basic smart TV..less options for the same price we can buy full hd LED TV 40+ inches instead of basic version of smart TV. Better to go for Full HD Display led TV for the same price....Think as a TV not as a Desktop...it's my suggestionREAD MORE,3.0
Great product and Superb performance. you can easily compare this Mi TV with Samsung and LG blazing fast processing superb clarity and  best interface.READ MORE,5.0
"First upon its not a ""LED TV"". Its only LCD Tv, in your product named as Mi LED smart TV but  products pack its clearly mentioned as a  LCD TV. Flipkart service  first part is good. Delivered the correct time but the installation process is too much of delayed.. Really disappointedREAD MORE",1.0
Best TV purchase till date.... redmi excellent work and costapps are working fine...no legseven 4k vide play smoothly... Blu Ray copies worked wellsound is enough for hall  good outputorder it without any thinking.... before get some price hikesREAD MORE,5.0
"Mi says 178degree display bt that's not good if u see from the side angle it wll be seems like some what different (color density wil be average) if u keep a 720P display mobile with redmi tv, mobile display will be better due to low ppi density in TV  and sound quality is pretty Different(not good not so bad for this price)connectivity no prblm If u use apps like hot star YouTube on TV, it ll be bit slow a kind of hanging outREAD MORE",3.0
"Its ok,  good tv, picture quality is perfect. u can't say awesome but ya its really good. But as much as u can expect from this budget smart tv thus does all, meets ur expectations.READ MORE",3.0
best TV at this price. loved it. better than other smart tv'sREAD MORE,5.0
"Order delivered right on time as specified by Flipkart/Ekart.Unlike the reviews regarding delayed installation by Jeeves service engineer,  it was a prompt & pro-active service by Jeeves guy who called from their side & reached within 3 hours of TV delivery. Well behaved & no complain.TV, is simply the best value for money in my opinion for everything you consider. Although pre-loaded with apps like Hotstar, AltBalaji, Eros now & YouTube, still the only thing missing is the popular apps li...READ MORE",5.0
"I had given good reviews earlier but this is ok kind of TV, quality of the screen is not good, easyly breakable and will cost too much to repair. I would recommend to go for a branded TV than mi, like LG Onida.READ MORE",2.0
loved the TV. All good. picture quality good. youtube hotstar etc makes it awesome. sound is not that great but it's good. overall great tv in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
"nice product..,but picture quality is normal..,or wall mount stant is not perfect.,i am happy with mi led tv...i wish 43 inch mi led tv in the future.sound quality is the best....,paisa wasool product...,thanks to mi...thanks to flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
great tv recommended to those whose looking for midrange budget tv with top end specs go for it!  trusted brand M!READ MORE,5.0
Product and quality is good at  charges it come at Price worthy sound quality is good connectivity is quick perfect smart TV  and prices it selling Cons: picture quality is an average not that impressive but in HD mode and HD box it maintain the quality .......READ MORE,5.0
Installation done my k. Prudhvi raju is very good clearly explained everything about the t v and he fixed wall mount very well according to my wall designREAD MORE,5.0
m big fan of Sony Led tv but they are expensive mi tv is also good picture clearity is good screen not black as sony picture quality sound is goood connectuvity is also good but tv body is very cheapREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi led tv is the best quality products and good features and maximum price and delivery boy is good communication skills Sudhir ChaudharyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product. Happy with flipkart Experience. Best LED TV in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product for the money u invest on, connectivity is great with phones n routers, picture quality is average as compare to Sony n Samsung but in dis budget segment its good choice.READ MORE",5.0
"Superb smart Tv's, great picture quality and sound. My family happy with us. Flipkart delivery service best. We happy with shopping Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"Great TV.... Display and size,  clarity is osm.... smart TV... enjoying everyday with this TV... value for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
i own it and bought it for 22k. this TV is good at this price. can't expect much at this price toopatch wall feature is not upto the mark. the IR cable I bought separately doesn't work.Switching from HDMI from patch wall is a pain. TV takes ages to switch onI'd prefer to buy a VU TV and install a chrome cast or fire stick.READ MORE,3.0
in what words I should thank flipkart for their lightening delivery and installation on the same day by their sub agency Jeeves. The product is fine and value for money. sound quality is excellent though on first look picture colours are not bright as they should have been. May be it is too early to comment as I have not explored the tv fully as yet.READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent sound experience, sound clarity is better than what i have already and value for money with smart tvREAD MORE",5.0
Best value for money smart TV .Big fan of Mi products they offer high quality specs @ reasonable price.Happy with the purchase of this TV.READ MORE,5.0
Nice delivery and timely installation.Picture quality: Not so good with Cable Set Top box and also sound decrease. Mirror Cast: Feature is very good but there is interruption in-between while playing videos. Its quite annoying. Other wise jts a budget TV with great features. Might be Mi will work on these loopfalls in next update.READ MORE,4.0
I brought this mi TV from one week .efficiently work sound also quite good may be 30 w needed for music lovers.screen mirror also worked depending on mobile. Tv apps are not in built we have to download but not much more apps play store not worked. Remote has less buttons.google search option not given.But still it was a good TV in this price works nice.READ MORE,5.0
"installation service is  latebut product is good for only one year useafter one year some of the apps like YouTube and other apps not working on TV.and not appstore install in TV.after one year this "" smart ?? TVremain a only idiot BOX don't buy this brand please try another "" true"" Android smart TV brand .don't west your money on first look shining on mi smart 4a TV .READ MORE",3.0
the picture quality of this mi tv 4 43 inches is very bad as per its expectation... so if want to go for good and better quality picture experience then go for sony bravia sony smary tv or else go for samsung and without seeing the tv live in your home or somewhere like tv shop you cannot understand the exact picture performance of tv picture quality so you must go  this point also its very important and keen point.READ MORE,1.0
"Best LED TV .....less money and Good product,service s too fastREAD MORE",5.0
"nice product sound goodpicture quality good, but don't compare with 4k TV'swifi connecting goodhd set top box connect for good picture qualityoverall TV is good must buyREAD MORE",4.0
"Honest review after using tv 10 days,  its not a Led tv,  its a LCD tv and label attached on screen showing it as LCD,  picture quality average, sound is good,  wifi connectivity goodREAD MORE",3.0
Superb and fast delivery.. Price best. Quality best and the best part is the remote control looks like BMW designed it hahahaREAD MORE,5.0
"I ordered on Saturday morning 11 am and within 24 hrs on Sunday 10 am I got MI TV 4A , Deliver person delivered safely and I give him 5 star for his good behaviour.After a week using I will give 5 star rating for my TV, Excellent Picture Quality , Good Sound, more options like Apk support, screen mirroring , I feel like 43 inch smart phone  . Value for money . Thanks to MI and Thanks to Flipkart and EKART Team.READ MORE",5.0
very good for last i bought micromax TV but now when we found mi. I am extremely happy even our neighbors nd relative also happy bcz. I belongs from village. but flipkart doesn't able to deliver in my village. I take from nearest town. but happyREAD MORE,4.0
Its good product. Picture quality is not meet the expectations. This is nice and worth for basic users. Compare to this range of TV's it's bestREAD MORE,4.0
"This time flipkart did a wonderful job, because my last experience with a washing machine was not that good. Still I trusted and ordered from flipkart and not only did they deliver before time but also completed the installation and demo in the very same day. Loved it this time mostly because the service guys made my parents 😊 happy.READ MORE",5.0
"I'm very happy to buy this product. Very nice smart tv picture quality and sound quality is best in this price..(GOOD PRODUCT MI 4A 43"")READ MORE",5.0
To be honest I can't believe that how beautiful Mi constructed this awesome TV no lag is found in this every type of subscriptions you will get and one word nicest TV in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
it is very perfect product but display show top left side type of LCD . so I can asked it is mi tv led or lcdREAD MORE,4.0
"TV is purchased for a longer duration, considering the launch of the product in 2018 & no prior experience in TV, my purchase decision is solely guided by the reputation of MI for its built quality, I am putting my trust on its expertise.      The product is good, price is competitive and features are very much acceptable. Works under not so good signal strength in WiFi mode. It is value for money. I will recommend others to try it for once.READ MORE",5.0
Product is good enough to justify its price but the behavior of installation agent was not Gud.. Even they were not ready to talk for installation... Such a fraudulent commitment in this regard from MI and Flipkart as well...READ MORE,3.0
INSTALLER NOT PROPER WITH REVIEWAND AKS FOR TIME ANY TINE THEY may be available. Means like doctor ask for appoint met. Not FairREAD MORE,3.0
"MI installation very poor. The technician does not know features of the TV, hence cannot demonstrate. MI Smart cable requested multiple times but not delivered. Display quality average. Colours are not vivid and pale. Does not match LG, Samsung or Sony in display quality. Better buy VU.READ MORE",4.0
excellent product with great picture quality and good sound quality although sound quality could have been better but is good enough considering the price.    Excellent value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
It is LCD not led as u shown and now we are getting 2 months subscription free with act good offer tooREAD MORE,1.0
ultimate product very satisfied delivery to Flipkart mi led smart TV awesome performance in android apps and picture quality thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Purchased the TV from flash sale on Flipkart like everyone else. Surprised to see that the product delivery and installation took 22hours from the time of my purchasal. Kudos to Flipkart team! Now coming to the TV.... I first checked the connectivity and am mighty impressed. Apps are available online and you need to download and install them... These days it's not so tough. So an still happy though the apps are not readily available from the TV itself. Picture and Sound are decent but surely ...READ MORE,5.0
awesome TV by xaiomi the panel of the tv is lcd but it can run the led content & it is running more good as compare to led tvREAD MORE,5.0
"good picture quality, excellent futures, very nice product, liteveat tv, sound is good quality, cheeap price and best product, thanks to *Flipkart*READ MORE",5.0
"Picture quality is good. The problem is the quality of Audio interfaces. My earlier HD TVs were LG and Sony.  While LG had a high quality AV out, Sony had an an excellent earphone interface. Mi audio output through earphone/spdif output (I tried both) has considerable audio loss. The TV speakers are good but nowhere near using an amplifier + speakers. if you're looking for rich 2.0 sound and have a set of speakers with amplifier already, this is not the TV for you. The TV audio interface is s...READ MORE",4.0
Best in this BudgetAfter 1 month of use I found no issues. Picture quality is good (not best). I have connected 2.1 bose speakers for sound so I cant comment about sound quality of the TV. Smart tv mode is good. Also it integrates my Tata sky very well. Remote could have been better for smart tv modeOverall value for money product. Hope it lasts longREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome smart TV with this price n sound quality is good but display quality is not so good but all configuration of mi smart Lcd TV within 14k is really awesome ✌️🤘READ MORE,4.0
"great value for money! picture - 9/10sound 9/10connectivity 8/10it has all the qualities to be a SMART tv. To the people who don't want to spend a huge amount for the tv, this tv is the best option!!! using it for a month it is jus AWESOME!!! only negative which I found is viewing pictures with the default gallery app is quite dragging... it takes a lot of time for loading... but once u install Aptoide app(apk) and from that install QUICKPIC APP pictures r loading wit ease!!! and also ins...READ MORE",5.0
Good smart tv  mi.. iam so Hpy good sound & looking good pictures & internet connection is good wifi.. Wireless mobile display also good thnx mi. Led tv..READ MORE,5.0
"Tv works vert nice, one of the best quality from MI, 4 star for clearity, 5 star for sound, over all 4 star, its great deal, very happy with this product, its getting 2 months, but perform very well. Too good. Keep it up MIREAD MORE",3.0
best smart led at this price range and awesome delivery as usualREAD MORE,5.0
led is goos delivery  is also good but installing process  is not good otherwise  is goodREAD MORE,4.0
excellent TV with very good display. Volume is stereo sound but not as great. Miracast feature runs excellent with mi and other phone as well.READ MORE,5.0
perfect LED TV in excellent budget and a great service by MIREAD MORE,5.0
very good functionality in a good budget.alots of people say YouTube doesn't work fine . but YouTube is working fine here.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product..value for moneyReviewing after one week of useTimely delivered and installed.Picture quality is awesome specially on HD channels.Sound quality is good as well ..no need of extra speakers or sound bar.Miracast is working fine with my MI4. I have easily casted my phone display on this tv. I suggest to keep video quality on 360 at least during youtube casting for better display and sound.READ MORE,5.0
Superb smart TV at the price point. Just follow some YouTube tutorials to get the most out of your smart TV. It can do great things.READ MORE,5.0
"MI product is good, sound quality is super, picture quality also good,connections is good ,and about Flipkart delivery is nice  good timings and coming to installation the person is too late and he gave demo in only 5 min and he went only that issue in flipkart .In 22999 this product is excellent tq to MiREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome tv. The best tv ever. Worths far more than its actual price. Love this tv.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent TV till now with affordable price ... If life of the product is good then no comparison with anyone.. niceREAD MORE,4.0
"The picture quality is great. I had seen several negative reviews of picture quality, but you can't compare this TV with your 50k tv. Build quality is also ok. I'm enjoying the tv as it has rich features. It supports jiotv app 2.x version and you can watch most channels in HD quality for free.  I have also  disconnected dth connection after buying this tv. Most serious problem in tv is that it doesn't support Google play services, due to which most of the apps will fail to run. However you ca...READ MORE",5.0
its worthwhile to buy this..still more improvement needed.Jio TV not compatible wth MI smart tv & Miracast tooREAD MORE,5.0
good sound and good picture quality and most important very good disine and function.READ MORE,5.0
good product for valuable price.. enjoying the quality of picture & sound system. I love this product.READ MORE,5.0
"Budget price tv but picture quality could have been better , sound is very clear , I think its a good choice in this price .READ MORE",3.0
"They mentioned the Key Features of the TV as ""1366×768 HD Ready - Great picture quality"" and ""60 Hz : Standard refresh rate for blur free"". I don't feel they deliver the same. The HD- Ready LED display is highly questionable. There is not much clarity as the pixels burst and is very much noticeable.20 W Stereo Speakers are great.Overall the TV is meant for everybody and is a lot more affordable. We can't expect the moon at such price. For better experience pay 10K more and get Sony Samsung...READ MORE",3.0
ONE BEST TV IN THE WORLD . I THINK THAT IF Mi Led Smart TV 4A 108 cm(43) is so much better than the Mi Led Smart TV 4 138.8 (55) is much better than this & also it was world thinest TV ever .READ MORE,5.0
Tv is over all very good.. Value of money.. Picture quality is better then other lower tv. Tv need some bass nd woofer.. I satisfy by tv. Its good in our budget.READ MORE,5.0
"first of all if you are looking for a budget tv, nothing can be better than this... picture quality z good...not all sound format will support..d most interesting thing in this TV I found is its mirror part.. contrary to d other reviews, my mirror wala part is working absolutely fine. if u have mi phone u can even use the mi remote feature n can operate ur TV without remote...overall I am satisfied...thanks mi n Flipkart for ur awsme delivery...READ MORE",4.0
It is low sound quality product and remote is not suitable to utilize the features.It is not as described in the description. Flipkart is not ready to refund or take any other better product even after explaining the issues.  So think twice before buying this product.READ MORE,1.0
nice tv working well but screen quality colours is just okk and tv quality is also cheap. at the software level is running good but wall mount is not free with tv. its cheap quality but price is ₹399READ MORE,2.0
good smart TV in this price but only picture quality is not good but things are Tobe happyREAD MORE,4.0
Great deals in low price. Pictures & Sound Quality also very good. Smart TV for smart people. Please don't buy other products. This is the one of the best deal as compared to other brands dealREAD MORE,5.0
oswm good sound quality well pic quality and flipkart service is very good and staff is nice ......READ MORE,4.0
my led not install by engineer upto many days  pass away. this is your partner fault. plz soon install my led tv i already purchase led wall mount stand by company engineerREAD MORE,1.0
"TV is very good and LED and not LCD (only sticker on TV panel printed LCD) but the technology every manufacturer  company using is same in this product range. I used Mitashi LED smart TV 43"" before this; the panel is same like MI LED panel. Even better colours, brightness and easy user interface.READ MORE",5.0
"Product is Good but giving a one star for the service of Flipkart.The logistics partner of Flipkart i.e. Ekart has a too poor service. They'll Roam around the city taking your parcel for 3-4 days and deliver it after 4-5 days of the promise date, and shameless Flipkart will text you weather you want the TV or not. Flipkart Staff is Like -""We are happy if you shop with us & we are happier when you don't shop with us."" Least Co-operative Staff, I must say. And Post Delivery Service will also...READ MORE",1.0
picture quality is good product is reasonbul price USB cable no distance and instantly not on power button use only remote installation service pure I am intimate before delivery  tv delivery but after two days not coming any person.READ MORE,5.0
I was little worried  after the booking since there was a flood situation in my hometown so I was not sure how the product delivery would be and also on the product condition but Flipkart updated me with the details and they moved the deliver date by 3 days making sure I receive the product in good condition I was happy on the communication and after the delivery with in 3 days they schedule the installation which was excellent and the person who came is very polite and explained all the func...READ MORE,5.0
the guy who came to install my tv was not good also he didnt put the wires pf my set top box in a neat and clean mannerREAD MORE,3.0
TV build quality is fine. Screen clarity at this price exceeds my expectations. sound of the speakers is very loud. overall i am happy with the product.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome led in this price. Sound quality are good. but installation process are very bad. I get my led tv 1 september. They didn't install my led tv till now. 7 sep i am waiting.READ MORE,2.0
Belive me Guys its one of the Best TV I have seen yet....I Have Sony TV rs 36000 =32 inch... But MI is better than this... It's awesome... Smart TV with ir cable it's work like charm soo easy to find channels..READ MORE,5.0
"Product is good and service provided by flipkart installation team is also good, However i didn't get Cashback nor the EMI got converted post purchase..... It showed 1399 Cashback but didn't get cashback as per the promise.READ MORE",4.0
I very Happy To Buying this TV ..This Is The Best Talivision On This Price rang In This Tv Better Feature Best Audio Quality And Patchwaal Is Very Convenient To Use This Smart TvREAD MORE,5.0
Best in class ..... Good quality..... Value for money..... Got it at 21999 /- I'll recommend to buy after 10 days of use its working perfectly fine.READ MORE,5.0
"Good experience I think this is a good decision to select mi because I reached to make mind to buy after a long search journey of 3 years then I found there is no better way at this price and I have a good experience  till now and using smart features like connecting mobile to tv, cast screen, wifi and use pan drive it works good . GatiCourier service was good and other service for installation also. So thank you flipcart, Gati courier and installation companyREAD MORE",5.0
Best picture quality but sound quality is not Good . this price range is best Smart TV  all over best.READ MORE,5.0
"Writting the review after 2 months of usage.my TV stopped working after 1 month and mi TV repair team replaced the mother board with new one and it is working so far good.Damage happened due to voltage fluctuations it seems.I recommend everyone to use a stabilizer if voltage fluctuations are present at your area.ideally, smart TV is supposed to handle such things.and YouTube app is not that good in TV.audio and video is good.(1080p not supported in YouTube)remote is simple with f...READ MORE",3.0
"this product is very safe and smooth system ....& this system also learning, like children & old men or women... this product is amazing ....BUT MI LIVING ROOM ""CONNECTIVITY"" IS VERY VERY POOR.....READ MORE",5.0
awesome tv super colours less weight best softwaredisplay is good build quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
BEST TV IN BEST PRICR BUT THE INSTALION SERVISE OF JEEVES COSUMER  IS WROST IF RATING IS - I GIVE THEM -5. SOUND GOODLOOK NICEBEST IN MARKETTHE INSTALION MEN IS VERY GOOD PERSON 🤗 LIKE IT BUY IT NOWREAD MORE,5.0
Product is good but Service too worst. You need to wait for 5 to 6 days to get it installed. Even Flipkart won't bother whether product is installed or not after delivery. And we don't have return policy for such product.. Wait until this TV is available on others sites so that atleast you get good serviceREAD MORE,1.0
looks like very nice...customer care support is very nice.timely message for every moment. it's easier to know where your product is.MI led TV superb. but resolution is nice but not very nice. rated 3 out of 5.  sound 5 out of 5. cREAD MORE,4.0
I m really happy wid dis smart tv..all d  features in d given price r too good .picture quality is very good though not excellent ..sound is awesome..no need of any extra speakers ..connectivity is good .in shiort ..best package in d given price.. don't hold back ..just go for itREAD MORE,4.0
Installation is done by good technician but need improve commitment and on time installation but its human specific some person are just doing false commitment jeevs have improve this type of things and provide installation on time means before or on date given by Flipkart and jeevs ticket.READ MORE,4.0
super fine Led Tv.....just amazing in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"A great product by MI which is definitely a Value for Money. I have been using it for about two months now , so far no issues observed. connects to WiFi seamlessly and also have an option to connect to other devices via USB ports , HDMI ports. the sound quality is good and has good bass effects. the picture quality is a bit dull if you compare it with renowned brands and keep the two TV's side by side , otherwise the product is good , the display is fill HDMI.READ MORE",5.0
"Nothing to say, just amazed by its picture quality, sound is loud but because I love good sound so I also bought sony hrt3 home theatre system offline which is also great product.only not good thing is that it's not support google play store apps,READ MORE",5.0
super excellent service in delivery and installation very speed service in Flipkart.   I am very very happy in Flipkart service.  MI LED 43 inches full HD Smart TV was very smooth performance in MI product I loved it mi.READ MORE,5.0
Great Flipkart great Mi don't even think for a minute no one can give you a big big led tv at such a price no compromise anywhere simply loved it and Flipkart did great job too in delivery will write more laterREAD MORE,5.0
Great tv at a great price. Works amazing with Mi Remote app. Play videos directly from your phone. Install apks directly from the Mi Remote app itself. Edit: Just received the Android 9.0 update.. amazing.. after 1.5yrs got the update which was announced.READ MORE,5.0
"Value 4 money nd under my budget , I'm happy 2 buy this smart tv but , I faced 2 much problem during installation process. overall t.v is good in all respect .....READ MORE",4.0
its a awesome tv with this range i am in the love with tvthe picture quality is just good and the sound is the awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome clarity, fast connectivity, and the price tag is far more cheaper than the great brands. I would recommend to buy this product blindlyREAD MORE",5.0
Very nice product. Sound quality  is also good at high volume as well as low volume. Picture quality is very clear.READ MORE,5.0
Nice tv best sound quality same home  theater but pic quality not best good .price is good volume best soundREAD MORE,5.0
"MI tv 43 : Pros: value for money, Average display, user friendly(so easy to use)Cons: I dont Like the sound quality.If you dont compare with Samsung and Sony tv .. then you will love it .. worth for money .. Thanks to Flipkart for delivering the Tv without any damage even in the heavy flood in Kerala.. I order the tv before the flood starts here and I worried whether it will come safely or not. However, Flipkart delivery my Tv safe and secure. For this i like to giving 5 star and will ...READ MORE",5.0
really good at this price point.. also we took an additional warranty for 2 years from Flipkart it's always better to have one.. the picture quality is good so is the sound. you will need to have n set top box as a compulsory to make the viewing experience better and the sound. the wi-fi connectivity is smooth.. overall a good oneREAD MORE,4.0
"A Rs.14000 TV cannot be better than this.! Good picture quality, good smart features and amazing sound.!READ MORE",5.0
Fast and easy service and installation on the delivery date.Really happy with this amazing super tv.READ MORE,5.0
"I am totally satisfied with the product and its delivery. Best of quality from MI and timely delivered by Flipkart. One BIG ISSUE is only with the installation which is handed over to third party vendor (Jeeves). If Flipkart changes their installation partner, for sure the customer satisfaction would jump to another level. Jeeves don't inform customer about time and the person whose is gonna do the installation. They don't have any information about it. They will make you call them multiple...READ MORE",4.0
Two weeks is too early to give a review. But seems a good product overall. I was looking for a full hd Led tv in this budget. I got the smart one so am happy. Running it on internet  for the moment & all installed apps working fine. Wish it had google apps installed as well like in their phones! This is the only drawback I found in this TV.READ MORE,4.0
"This product (MI Smart LED TV 43"") is better than other Smart TV as Onida, Samsung, Micromax  & LG. It's cost is minimized , so  easy to bear it's paid amount.READ MORE",3.0
The product was extemely amazing and value for money then why i press a single star? thats for courier service done by gati dkt. its really a super slow service. The product need to take 14 days to arrive my destionation. Definetly flipkart need to improve save their promises bescause 1 week delay on estimate deliverly date by flipkart and one more thing that gati dkt collect additionally chargers ₹200 for courier alsoREAD MORE,4.0
"Maybe like me, there are others who have bought the TV without doing 'sufficient' research. Well let me confirm, that the impulse buy WON'T give you a Buyer's remorse.The 43"" TV is pretty darn good. Very Sleek & light, Sound is kickass, TV resolution doesn't let u complain much. it doesn't have Bluetooth Or a Air mouse. both these things would have been awesome, but thankfully u can spend a little and add the functionality. overall extremely happy with the purchase.the installation doesn't ...READ MORE",4.0
Using mi tv after 1month everything going well best tv in this range and it has good picture quality wo says that this is not good for picture quality i will advice to buy mi tv wo jas budget of 14000ruppessREAD MORE,5.0
"Hello guys,I am writing this review after one week use of this TV.First of all I want to suggest if you want smart TV for your home please go for it. Because in such price  you can't get smart TV.- Nice Sound- Internet is working fine.- Picture quality is awesome.Thanks Flipkart for speedy delivery, I got it one day before as per expected delivery.I need to say thanks to technicians also who came in time for installation and give proper demo.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product from Mi. SMART Tv and by connectivity wifi you can use all facilities. remote didn't have much buttons and no mutes button is a challenge however settop box mute button is okey. patch wall technology. excellent in the priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything is good but LED STAND is not good, and accordingly, the money is too much. The stand that is worth 100 rupees is too much or change the stand or stop the service.READ MORE",5.0
I have bought an MI 43 inch smart LED TV after waiting so much for installation they have provided me a GHATIYA item now I am waiting for return and replace. Now they are not providing clear information...READ MORE,1.0
"Before going for this product, I'v gone thru many on-line reviews by professionals. Many of them have rates this best in class product, but in reality it is not. For various features, I would like to grade out of 5 .  1.Packing - 1 (my 1st consignment was found badly damaged in transit, so please get the box opened and checked equipment physically as well as functionally before accepting) 2.Installation - 4 (Timely installation & good demo)3.Aesthetics - 4 (not best in class as claimed). ...READ MORE",4.0
"To be honest ! One of the best purchase I have made online . Mesmerising display, great UI, all the function you need , awesome remote . Better prize .What else do you need ? MIREAD MORE",5.0
"Good TV, Good picture and sound.1 star less for MI service, The did not have wall mount in stock, so installation delayed.Flipkart support good.READ MORE",4.0
"very nice display 4k video s are playing excellentsound very goodproblem cons: No IR cable,  offcouse I purchased from mi store@249/- remote is not user friendly no muteconnectivity taking longer timeexcellent overallfipcart service very good delivered much advance then scheduled datenoREAD MORE",4.0
"All in all it's a good TV with awesome display. It has all the features expected from a smart TV including remote management of data files of local and connected drive/s. This was the best purchase I ever had with flipkart. Though it has just been a week since I bought this TV, let's see how it goes in a long run.READ MORE",5.0
very nice smart tv.total feature of a fine smart tv.Flipkart I love u.to give me so awesome product on time.also installation.thank u so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Picture clarity is good when seeing HD channels. Sound output was not up to the level. Connectivity is very good. Installation not done promised date which I had done lots of follow up with Flipkart as well Jeeves. after that they had completed the installation.    Overall average experience for this purchase and value for money.READ MORE,4.0
"Good product at this price range, only the problem is quality of Wall mount for which I have to pay ₹ 500 that to  without bill is not worthy at all . Earlier I had LG  TV whose wall mount is far far better in quality.Overall it's a good purchase  but not the best.READ MORE",4.0
"Value for the money purchase, demo by Jeeves  within 2 hrs of delivery on my request!  Very good service by Flipkart n Jeeves. I've given 5 stars for low price of d product. However I would like to know d durability of this MI 4A LED TV. Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
beautiful TV in TV display is very good and TV music is very good almost goodREAD MORE,5.0
"best low budget tv. If you want moderate quality in good price, go for mi tv. otherwise if you have a strong budget, you can go for sony , samsung tvsREAD MORE",4.0
nice product fully satisfied and Flipkart is really amazing which provides free fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome TV, best affordable price for smart tv rangeREAD MORE",5.0
awesome buy for the price.its worth it.the sound is good and picture quality is nice.when compared to other  brand mi is cheap and fulfills the requirement..delivery was done next day of ordering and installation team reported the next day of delivery.installation was smooth and the team was helpful.better to buy stabilizer from the installation team..better price for the same brand.READ MORE,5.0
The TV is clearly awesome in this price range...but it is hd ready not fhd...and therefore the clarity is not that much produced...would be better it would provide fhd screens at say 16 or 17k.. that would have been nice!! Otherwise good and superREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money. This 43 inches MI Led T.V. is quiet satisfactory w.r.to Hardware, software & build.The feachers provided are useful. HD picture quality is quiet superb. The DTS, Dualby  audio quality is o.k.The delivery & installation shedule was maintened by Flipkart. Thanks.READ MORE",4.0
"review after 2 months of usage. after doing a thorough analysis on all the options available in this price bracket, i opted for mi smart tv 32 inch... it was timely delivered by flipkart. even installation was done on time. picture quality is better than sony Bravia. sound is simply  awsome. no need to connect external speakers. a superb buy in this budgetREAD MORE",5.0
"Good television, i must suggest to buy. Work owsome. Nice work by miREAD MORE",4.0
Value for money. The picture quality is good and patchwall interface is amazing. only downside to this tv is its sound quality. it's like a plain flat speaker no bass or good sound output. the speaker's are just loud. but price point wise it's extremely good.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome LED picture is perfect and sound quality is perfect for room thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Overall TV is good in this budget but display quality is very worst. - Even if you watch HD channels on this tv quality is not good as per HD content. - If you connect Home theatre to this TV you will observe that sound quality is not good and very low sound.READ MORE,4.0
"1st Andriod Tv.Awsome Patch wall OS its to use full for movie & andriod game lover ,Because it has its own Mirriong option and its realy good to use internet user.Love it Just Love itREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome product with best viewing angle.I m very happy.as well as flipkart provided me the on time delivery as well as same day installation.I love flipkart so much for my purchase.....so happy.READ MORE,5.0
"mind blowing purchased , mi 4a 32 inch smart TV is best in this price segment , sound is supper Dolby surrounding sound , picture quality is awesome viewing angel is very good fully recommend go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Where do you get smart TV at this price? MI launched it and it us really awesome. Great picture and sound quality. Really happy with my decision to buy it.READ MORE,5.0
Honestly a great product at this rate. Great team work by flipcart and jeeves. Every thing was done on time. More than value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Great deal😍Good quality tv🖥️sound quality is great 🔊.installation is very fast service man called within 2 hrs after delivery 😜 they collect 400 for wall mount and 200 for IR cable.Picture quality is not so good but its best for what you pay for it🖼️🎨All the necessary apps like YouTube, Hungama, hotstar is available after the 1st update 🤩.cons: still now i can't find any con in this tv but only one problem is the remote.Yes the remote have only 7 Button's doesn't have a ne...READ MORE",3.0
product is good sound is very clear picture looking clear wifi connecting is easy but screen is lcd screen that not showing in advertising that's not good.allover tv is excellent in that budget.READ MORE,4.0
MI TV is best TV and nice display full HD and TV remote easy to work and Mini he is TV is best super thanks MI and Flipkart shopping and fast installation demo service is good super good thank youREAD MORE,5.0
"Got this MI smart tv on recent Independence day Sale and below is my honest review 1) with this price getting a 43 inch smart tv is a great deal when LG/Samsung etc cost more than 40k+2) Flipkart delivery was on time along with installation, i will prefer buyers to buy own wall mounted stand which will be cheaper outside market. Flipkart charge ~500 rs for the same where as outside shop you will get 250-350 Rs.3) TV design/look is really good with amazing sound quality with 20 W speakers....READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent tv at this price, sound and picture are good, available apps work nicely. though more apps could have been added. No browser is there and you can't install authentic apps from playstore. Installation service provided was pathetic, they kept on rescheduling without any notice or reason.READ MORE",4.0
I have hd connection and I found best quality videos sound celearity .it is a awesome product .first I doubt about LCD/led because a sticker of lcd TV fix on tv and box .but its a led TV in full hd . awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"It's good one, ordered on 12th Aug, received on 14th and installation done on 15th Aug. Good Service By Flipkart. TV is also good at this price point.READ MORE",5.0
"I was so sceptical about MI tv , wasnt sure about the choice I made , I almost went ahead and bought Samsung smart tv 43 , but then viewed all the reviews about mi tv on YouTube , crossed my fingers and bought it , made sure bought the or cable from mi store and the air remote from web chip along on the very same day , the tv came on time , to my surprise the or cable too came the same day at the same time , installed the next day , and the bottom line The tv is just what I wanted , dont mi...READ MORE",5.0
Excellent TV. Simply Superb. I am loving it. Dont think twice. Just go for it. Wish you all the best and Good BUY.READ MORE,4.0
"The panel of my TV stopped working within a month. Agreeing to the fact that it is an electronic equipment and is vulnerable to such issues I expected at least a decent service. The support claims once thing, service center does another. The twitter support doesn't care to respond. MI used to be my favourite brand but after this experience I really wonder how it will survive. Its dec developing really fast but there is not consideration of sustainability. #DeathOfCustomerServiceREAD MORE",1.0
"Working awesome ..... It's a good product which is of low cost , and now a days it is the best option for smart TV (be smart to get this smart TV )READ MORE",5.0
Great value for money. picture quality is not best but Ok. Sound and connectivity are fabulous. best thing about this tv is the patchwall os which works better than i expected. works like an android phone.READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent quality and feature set at this price point. For an additonal 999 you get 2yrs add on warranty , meaning this thing is insured for 3yrs. Picture quality on dishtv is about average but truly shines while watching hd movies and videos. The preset display settings need to be tweaked a bit to get the best experience. VLC amd MX player work well, and iv not faced any lag or studders yet. Chrome, file managers and most other apps work well too. The lack of bluetooth is a let down.It would...READ MORE",5.0
Don't buy this TV. The quality of the picture also very bad.  I  hope no one checking the TV sizes and trusting the branded sticker. I bought 43 inch tv but the size is only 42inch. Also the flipkart service was very bad for the replacement. I have been waiting and calling to replace or refund the amount and there is no proper communication or solution as of now.READ MORE,1.0
its superb  but apk files installed but not android tv So totally  good experience for value of money  and i am buying july 20th but no android plz how to update my led  8.1 oreoREAD MORE,5.0
TV is very good in the price range fits into budget.its just like big tablet but no touch screen.should have added motion sensor for easy navigate .for some other application keyboard and mouse is very important.READ MORE,4.0
"TV is functioning pretty well so far, since it's an Android TV, it would have been better if Playstore have there too. it would have made life easy for consumers to download few good Music and Videos application. I hope MI can do something in this regards. currently there are not enough apps to watch online movies and videos or MusicREAD MORE",4.0
"Superb product ! Value for money !!Super video clarity with HD channels and HD contents from internet. Even more view angles.Good audio quality, no distortions or noice.Android app support and memory clean up options available.Best ever smart tv for the lower price available in the market.READ MORE",5.0
product are awesomesound 10\9display 10\8connectivity 10\8prize 10\10but flipcart delivery service is not good i order this led 11 aug and delivered me 23 augflipcart take 13 days it's not good pointREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent product.  used fiance last 4 days . Picture quality for normal cable channels is also very much Good.  sound is good. mirror cast work properlyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent  product  on this price  range. Hatsoff to my flipkart delivery  person . Excellent  sound quality  and picture quality . Completely  satisfied with the product in all aspects .READ MORE,5.0
"Pros:Good TV.Cons:1. Only Issue, I noticed as of now is that there is no proper user manual.2. There is no description on color settings to be applied; even the installation team was not aware of.3. Color settings is different for set-top box,  pendrive, youtube etc.4. TV has two speakers and voice is being literally divided. Such that if the external left speaker is not working; the half of the audio will not be heard at all. Only right speaker's audio would be heard.READ MORE",3.0
Not supported TataSky HD Dolby digital or Dolby digital + sound Picture quality not good compare to lg Sony full HD TVBluetooth not available wereless headset not connectedVivid display mode not availableDemo full missing at the installation time due to installation man not knowing anything related smart tv Browsing not availableMobile mirroring time picture quality laggingREAD MORE,1.0
"I bought this TV for 14k. Satisfied with the product, display is not that bright and quality but the features what we are getting in this price are awesome. Sound is ok, bit disappointing display quality. Connectivity is easy u can connect with your phone or WiFi device easily and enjoy the features of smart TV. YouTube won't come by default for that we need to download additional apps.READ MORE",4.0
"The product is a steal at the price 14k.The smart part: has a full blown Android OS installed, and we can install apps that we wish, takes a bit of time. Isn't as fast as mobile but, well, it has the capability. has 3 HDMI ports, TV, RCA inputs. Has 2 USB ports, but I'm disappointed that they are 2.0, was expecting 3.0. This could be the reason, the 20GB video file plays well, but seeks(when forward/rewind) slow. But smaller files 3-5GB HEVC 1080p play well. The main interface, file manager,...READ MORE",4.0
it doesn't support Miracast to other smart phones sound quality of TV also not better in a film we clearly hear the affect sounds not the voice of conversationREAD MORE,3.0
Good tv in best price ....... delivary from flipkart is tooooo good ... even service also am so happy with mi and thank s flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Pathetic experience from Flipkart. MI would have made it available at other places also. There is no sign of installation team even after 5 days of order delivery. But if we talk about the product it's a great TV at this price range. Screen resolution is much better than other brands available at even higher price range. Sound quality is awesome and class leading. Easy and user friendly interface.Plastic quality is average otherwise great product overall.0/5 for Flipkart delivery and in...READ MORE,1.0
Mi tv is best tv in its price range. Thanks to flipkart for prompt delivery and installation. Display of tv is nice. Sound is not upto mark u need external speaker. Surprise to not find mute button on remote it is really useful when u do not need sound suddenly ( it is minor but useful button ). Patchwall software is usp of these MI TV.READ MORE,4.0
I must say flipcart has to improved their customer care alot. Timely delivery installation within 24 hours . At this budjet a great buy.READ MORE,4.0
I am very happy to choose the best Smart TV. Picture and sound clarity is simply awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Not really a smart tv. Has no support for Google Play. Preloaded apps don't work well. Side loading apps is a pain.Works well as a dumb TV.READ MORE,3.0
"Picture quality is not good and I found LCD screen instead of LED screen, while LED screen is seen in  the mi TV's advertisement.READ MORE",2.0
"received the delivery on time..hats off to Flipkart but, the quality of TV is below my expectationsI would recommend people to go for 55 inch version or buy a recognized brand this one looks more like an LCD rather than LED.quality of picture is no where near LED tvs .this is a smart TV where you can't play all the video streaming apps ( Netflix and prime) unless you use third party apps which are not designed for TV. you would need to buy Chromecast or fire stick to watch videos...there...READ MORE",3.0
Value for money product. Picture quality is quite good but sounds are below average. Overall a nice buy keeping the price tag in mind. Had to wait for installation for 10 days after delivery so that was quite disappointing. But installation was done with perfection. Loved to rate it with 5 star but the sound quality did not allow me to do that.READ MORE,4.0
Its a Great smart tv that costs much less than a good smart phone. I will highly recommend to everyone buying this amazing product. Thanks a lot FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Okay friends!! This is my review...If you are coming from a CRT TV, and if you are using a standard resolution STB, you need to change your STB too as you will not get a good picture quality with a standard STB with this TVPicture Quality is good, again if you are coming from a CRT TV, Picture quality of this TV will excite you, i have connected my PC and watch 1080p YouTube videos and they look CharmSound quality is good, but no BASS here, you will anyways like it IF YOU ARE COMING FR...READ MORE",4.0
MI 4A 43 inch Tv. great TV good sound and great picture quality. thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Mi is compared other branded for low budget but comparing other branded picture quality very very low so smart TV opinion k cast super but not  original led layer coating at LCD so picture for low quality ,lG  is better rs 22000 smart tvREAD MORE",3.0
"MI Product is really good but it'a a pathetic experience with flipkart  there is no professionalism and no standard timing is fixed for Standard TV Installation and Demo, Please prefer to buy from MI Directly instead of Buying from Flipkart......MI Product is really good but it'a a pathetic experience with flipkart  there is no professionalism and no standard timing is fixed for Standard TV Installation and Demo, Please prefer to buy from MI Directly instead of Buying from Flipkart...... ...READ MORE",1.0
video quality is good but refresh rate is 60 Hz which causes slight blurring during fast action.sound is louder than crisp but manageable.all apps given with TV are paid except one( voot. ) I recommend this product if you want to spend less money. but if u can afford go for 100 Hz TVs. I cannot comment on durability now. but as per my mi mobile experience I have (3 mi notes) all have cheap hardwares. hope they don't use such hardware in TV.READ MORE,4.0
"A very good product. Delivery was on time, installation took a little while. It as of now is performing above expectation. The best feature is side loading of apps. See Tech Singh in youtube in how to do it. If you have good internet speed connection, it works flawlessly.READ MORE",5.0
best tv according to price.  price worthy tv . Features are great i loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Except installation everything is gud.. The technician is expecting something if you offer money within a day they install.. It my personal experience.. Otherwise they will not receive the cal also.. With this cost the product is good nice sound clarity and picture clarity..READ MORE,4.0
nice led tv and who installed my tv he was well discipline and I like Flipkart product I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Such a great  great product by XIAOMI I hope Company will always produce such a great products in budgeted price without compromising quality , so that every person can enjoy the experience of new technology...READ MORE",3.0
best smart TV and  high definition best patchwall 14000 . best TVREAD MORE,5.0
"What a brilliantly designed TV by MI. At a budget like this, there is nothing more you could ask for and believe me, I already have Sony and Samsung 40 and 55 inches installed in my home but the MI 4A 43 inches totally compliments my home. Great job MI.READ MORE",5.0
super fast delivery...super fast installation...an good brand..I liked it..READ MORE,5.0
"Pro: Nice picture quality, sound also good, net connectivity also good, lots of content to watch like Hungama, hotstar, YouTube etc.Con: I identified main 2 diffects. One is for remote there is no mouse pointer option, other one is biggest dis advantage it doesn't support Doloby sounds which is more important for me (It decodes only DTS sound).READ MORE",5.0
"Thanks Flipkart for such great experience on buying MI TV which is delivered to a location far away from the city but Flipkart did this. The installation and demo was also done perfectly on time with expert technician. Thanks for such great experience. Seeing this, I also recommended and order for my sister the MI TV from Flipkart only. Thanks again.READ MORE",5.0
"great tv in this price.this tv really very very good with this price, compared to any other tv.wirles key bord & mouse is worked perfect.READ MORE",5.0
"Best in range for the price given, satisfied with the product and quality sound quality is awesome, fast connectivity with good interface, app store would be helpful a lot for appsREAD MORE",4.0
"The TV at its price point is value for money but don't exceed your expectations. Its audio is the best feature of this television. You can mirror cast directly from your phone to TV without connecting to a WiFi network, by utilizing your mobile date. However, some mobiles like mine, Xiaomi Mi A1 will require a mobile and TV to be connected to a WiFi network before being able to Miracast.. This is the first impression of the TV after use of few hours...READ MORE",4.0
"I am reviewing this TV after 1 month of usage SCREEN: First of all the main thing, screen of the TV is very above from average nice colours clear crisp and bright display(not best like LG and Samsung)Resolution: It offers you the resolution of 1366*768 that means you can play the videos upto 720pBut, dont forget, its a smart TV if you want to play 1080p videos then just install VLC in it and enjoySOUND: Secondly its sound, the thing for which I fell in love with this TV No TV under 20...READ MORE",5.0
"I ordered on 4th August 2018 and I was delivered on 7th August 2018.The same was also installed on 9th August 2018.After watching 10days i submit my fillings that, i had purchased a 40inch sony led tv costing rs 45000.Now i compared with mi tv there is no difference between the two.No doubt sony led is fine but price is highly painful.m.i tv's both sound and picture clarity is very fine.It's function is too easy.It can be compared with sony and other brand also.Thanks to flipkart,M.I and Jeeb...READ MORE",5.0
Nice product but it does not give a very good android tv experience but you can do it by downloading aptoide tv app through apk installing and by attaching  a mouse and the resolution is okay okay but the price is low so good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Bought from Flipkart. Delivered within 3 days. Installation at the very same of delivery. Picture and sound quality is pretty good. Picture quality can be better if you use HD set top box or DTH connections like Airtel, Videocon D2H etc.READ MORE",4.0
"Compare with other brands, MI is great in terms of money and quality as well. The delivery and installation was perfect and am well satisfied with their response. Before buying a product I well verified and examined with all other brands but MI is great. very decent TV and in good budget...so I recommend personally to go for MI brand if Ur budget is less.READ MORE",4.0
Picture quality is good but not the jaw dropping one.. Blacks are not that perfect. Sound is awesome hence 5 on 5.. There is no need of soundbar for medium room. There is no Bluetooth for connecting headfones at night.. Which is a con! No mounting bracket provided while others do.. However tv looks good on table top but the sound is muffled after it bounces back on table!!READ MORE,4.0
After one month of usage TV picture quality is excellent. seems on problem while watching serials closly. but excellent viewing experience while watching HD videos & normal videos 10ft distance.Pros:1. Excellent picture quality.2. No lag in WiFi or LAN connection for high-speed broadband or mobile HOTSPOT.3. Lots of free contents & movies online.4. Superb sound quality.5. Per installed  apps works well.6.3 USB & HDMI ports are additional benefit.7. System & laptop connects...READ MORE,4.0
The service provided was fast and accurate We have not installed our TV yet due to ongoing renovation work at my house .Will review the product after installation .READ MORE,5.0
it's the best TV I have used yet .it have great display good connectivity and features . it's the best at this price. although the ir blaster which I bought along the TV is not working as it's meant to be maybe my setopbox problem or ir problem. anyways TV is the best.READ MORE,5.0
Good product within this range compared to other brands. Moreover thanks to flipkart for delivering the product before time and prompt response for installation. Would like recommend others to buy this product.READ MORE,4.0
Good from a budget standpoint.Always go for a warranty with brands which are new to a particular segment. 1500INR will get you 2 years extended warranty. The quick notice on the picture quality would be that the levels of black and gray could have been better. Also the basic OS installed is laggy in itself. I only use a fire stick which is way fast in processing and easy to cast your mobile content.READ MORE,3.0
ossam tv...at this price...first of all i m so glad....thankyu flipkart nd mi company..flipkart service are ossam.. quick delivery nd so fast installation nd demo facility... for mi tv- picture quality good sound very good.. nd i m nt belive .i m got features 10/10  at this price on mi tv.. operating system is very good quick fast...all conectivity function in tv is the best overall perfect perfect... nd remote design is very sexy.... 😀😀😀   thankyu flipkart ......flipkart rating for me 10/10READ MORE,5.0
awesome LED in budgeted price...very good picture quality...sound..and awesome feature like any other leading LED have.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent smart TV on this price better than any other TV on this range. GreatREAD MORE,5.0
very disappointed..picture quality is below average..not at all value for money..guys please buy led with ips display &A+ grade panel..dont buy this mi tv..the picture quality as mentioned above is mediocre.sound is average but when u buy led tv guys the first thing u compare is picture quality and here the pic quality is horrible..even when i watching in hd the it looks like i m watching in standard definition (sd).READ MORE,1.0
Sound quality is awesome Almost all Android apps work very well Display quality is gud when play 720p on youtube or any other video with high quality But with local cable network its not that gudOver all in this budget this tv is greatREAD MORE,5.0
"Good in price Range, but still need some improvement, like 1.Audio quality goes degraded while using ARC HDMI(I am using sony 5.1 ebv-4100 blue ray home theater)2. if Sound is on TV speaker and you want to change it to Home theatre , u have to go back home and then select speaker.3. no sound equilizer for music .4. no Dolby digital sound settings5. Installation and technical support having almost know knowledge about TV6. Mirror Cast is lagging only work seamless if mobile is within 3 m...READ MORE",2.0
awesome tv in this budget I would like to appreciate Flipkart cos I got this product before given time service was good and it got tv installed within 24 hours after using 9 days i have ratedREAD MORE,4.0
"TV is very Nice but Demo and Installation process is very difficult.   i have received TV but  no any  communication regarding Installation and Demo. and Flipkart not mention any process for how to contact demo person. i Request to please add this System in to ""HELP"" .so we can easily pass our message to you. also your call center person not provide any contact number of demo person. after many talk with call center Supervisor .he have provided number. please try to make easier process.READ MORE",4.0
Excellent product sound quality is amazing and good connectivity. Installation is good. And the service of flipkart is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Tv all or best good quality Tv price range bestREAD MORE,5.0
Mi service is fast and good. Installation is also very smooth and fine. I am satisfied with the product. You can also choose it .READ MORE,5.0
"I was waited long for this tv. Build quality is awesome. Very slim compared to other brand tv. Picture quality is awesome . Main attraction is remote control. It is very handy. 11botton is awesome. Connectivity is good. Maximum contents needs to be purchased, which is quite disappointment.After 2months I must say this tv is value for money. During my first review I did not have any cable connection. But now from last 15 days I am using this tv with tatasky d2h, and the picture quality is ex...READ MORE",5.0
As a customer i always prefer buying from shop(checking b4 ordering). But i would say blindly go for it. Its worth 200%. Delivered on time ..within next 48 hrs installlled. U need to check any led/lcd whiteness problem on screen(if any) by turning on and  testing minutely a bright black screen (from all border edges). Mine was absolutely fine. Have to see how it performs going ahead. Fingers crossed. See the picture quality. Its snappwd on HDR mode of galaxy note 4 mobile. Which means its awe...READ MORE,5.0
This tv was best compare to other smart tv picture quality or sound quality was excellent and flipkart delivery or installation service  very  fastREAD MORE,5.0
"wonderful product by MI .... LOVE THIS TV ... Flipkart delivery is awesome ..... but the installation process is not so good , pls improve the installation process by the installation guyREAD MORE",5.0
"Few stuufs I tried and I liked it very much.*I have connected USB hub and it works well (for those who are planning to wall mount or heavy users who needs more USBs)*I have connected my wireless mouse and keyboard via USB hub and it works fine.*Aptoide TV app installed and it helps me to get few good apps.Overall five Star. One less star becuse of two concerns1. They should have provided IR Cable along with TV, I am not asking for free but paid one, as an accessory. Now I have to buy...READ MORE",4.0
"SMART TV IN LOW PRICEoverall, happy with the purchase. delivery is good. installation was done, a little delay, but finally satisfied. Technician was polite, cleared all my doubts, and given good advice on warranty issue. good product in budget. customer care service was too good. thank you flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"perfect TV in this price sagment .. fully satisfied with Flipkart & Mi India service , quality is just awesome especially DTS sound quality nd display also good.. everything is okk thanks Flipkart & Mi 😃😄READ MORE",5.0
inbuilt app like YouTube not properly work and Bluetooth missing too muchotherwise very nice tv for this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Amazing smart tv at best price, works well, quality is good.READ MORE",4.0
picture quality good. sound clarity average.connectivity very good.totally it's good and worthy of it.very fast installation. thank u flipcart .READ MORE,4.0
"I'm not a technician and neither majority of us, so as a layman's point of view lemme tell you, one can not get anything better than this TV at this very price range.The picture quality, sound output, patchwall & everything is perfect, the 20 W speakers produces such sound that will definitely amaze you and is also very easy to use with limited button remote which is sufficient.Delivery and installation :-TV was delivered on the given date and also installed within 3 to 4 hrs...so thumps u...READ MORE",5.0
grt tv by mi loved it this tv replaced my'n old one awesome picture quality & sound ... enjoying my viewing experience...READ MORE,4.0
It's most affordable smart TV with popular brand name Xiaomi.Video quality of Youtube hotstar is good for Cable TV we should use HD set top box for picture clarity.Remote controller is not designed ergonomically the navigation buttons are too flat to press .For 14K it's worthy to buyREAD MORE,4.0
"I bought Thomson 40 inches led and mi led 43 inch together after analyzing both of them on same specification,conclusion pictures clarity wise Thomson is better than mi , you tube working fine in Thomson,in mi you tube video is lagging in full HD .Go for Thomson is better choice.READ MORE",3.0
"This is one of the best value for money televisions  available today. Got it delivered quickly n next day installation was done on time. The engineers were courteous. The television is simple to operate, however to access most of video n music sites you would need a wireless keyboard and mouse and can't rely on the remote alone. Blacks are not that sharp, however with a few display tweaks quality of picture can be enhanced. Audio is loud enough. In this price range a comparison with Sony, Sam...READ MORE",5.0
Mi tv this is super & amazing in this price range value for money product and Flipkart delivery is fast and super service thank youREAD MORE,4.0
nice picture quality . Best smart TV in budget range. mobile wireless forecasting is excellent feature . need to implement Youtube on TV. that will extend TV features.READ MORE,5.0
No playstore suport.... video supports upto 1080p..  Good sound.. looks good... nice delivery and installation...  Overall nice experience....READ MORE,5.0
"A much hype dabba. picture and sound quality is good,  rest every thing is leave it. No apps work Excepting the pre-installed YouTube and older version of hot star. previous review talk of wireless mouse and keyboard,  nothing works. don't go for this product. their are much more better product than this at great price. Mi TV is much hyped than true.READ MORE",3.0
its good but it is not LED tv its LCD flifcart mansion it is LED but in box of TV and sticer wich is stic in tv there is mention LCD not LED and picture qulyti not like a LED alsoREAD MORE,3.0
"Well when I received the TV and saw LCD sticker, I immediately asked for refund. Then Flipkart authorities called me & gave me MI's customer care number. They convinced me that this is an LED TV as MI doesn't manufacturer LCDOverall a good TV. Picture quality is good except in night scenes of movies where it goes extremely blackREAD MORE",4.0
It is  a wonderful smart led tv  it has the best picture and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
it look amazing but feels small I think that is because I'm used to watch 55inch but the product is absolutely beautiful as well as amazingREAD MORE,4.0
"I like the screen mirroring feature which Is excellent and does not lag as compared to other smart TV..wifi connectivity , sound and picture clarity is also awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Maybe it's the best tv for such a low price.  Plus the delivery service was quite fast and great. It was a great dealREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product in reasonable rate. Picture quality is superb. Nice remote. Sound quality to be improve. I have connected to my home theter for sound. its really superb.Thank to MI Team.READ MORE,4.0
"mi done excellent work in this price range  ,it's like fullfilling the ""wish "" . good  speakers, better connectivity with internet ,easy to undestand the functions . best option hai le lijiye.READ MORE",5.0
everything is fine ..song is good picture quality is good. But i cant connect androide phone through miracast its not working i asked for customer support but no one helped me.READ MORE,4.0
Love the TV. It's amazing and wonderful. The demo and setup service was a week delayed but it was awesome. The TV has got the perfect features that suits your needs and is a glorious piece in your room. Default setting of mounting is Table Mount and you can buy the Wall Mount separately. I just love the TV... it is wonderful!READ MORE,5.0
Amazing !!! Very nice product in this price range. MI Mobile room function is excellent in this TV. Overall excellent performance of in all factor !!. Big Great for MI Team!READ MORE,5.0
MI TV I purchased seems very good as of now.Very good picture & sound quality.Hope that it works fine in future too..But the installation partner Jeeves is not that customer supportive. Team should be more professional and caring about the work assignment.READ MORE,4.0
"Product is good and it is value for money but when I received from the courier guy, the box was not in a good condition it was fully wet. Also the delivery guy asking for 100 Rs.I request you to please go through that and find some other good courier service, so that the product will deliver safely to the us.READ MORE",2.0
Easy to use I love it thanks Flipkart. Before I used Micromax 43 LED HD READY it's worstREAD MORE,5.0
"I was frantically searching for a budget smart TV and i ended up buying this one. I reviewed different makers and i found this one to be having more pros compared to any other manufacturer's TV.Pros1. Value for Money.2. Picture quality. Dude believe me don't go more into specifics of depth of picture, viewing angles etc. as lay man the best picture quality at this price range.3. Electricity consumption. Best in this range.4. Ports and USB options.5. Brand name and service centre option...READ MORE",4.0
"Super fast delivery..... Demo and installation also Good... Good item, the quality of both picture and sounds of this television is amazing... Thank You Flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
very very nice thank you for mivery fast delivery and very fast installation within 2 days one more thank you miREAD MORE,5.0
Good product from Mi but not best 1. No option Direct run Youtube.2. That's Not Fully HD picture Quality.3.  A Good product in this price range but not a best smart TV in 80cmREAD MORE,2.0
Awsome tv for the price.video quality is good.Audio also good.I don't think...u get a better tv for this price.Smart functions are good .Not many negatives.Will update about the durability and service later.READ MORE,4.0
"This product is so good in the budget of under 15000 . Sound clarity, picture clarity, and all features are much better. If your budget is under 15000 then go for it and use this product for best experience. I am most satisfied from this product. Best smart TV in our country under RS. 15000. Awesome TV.READ MORE",5.0
worked great for 2 weeks. then started all problems. I was blue and black and white line on the screen. musically malfunction of the display. had to call engineers to fix it. I don't expect to buy a product worth 14000 and it gets malfunctioned within one month. have called the technicians now let's see if they can fix itREAD MORE,3.0
it's a smart TV but some apps not supported it's ok ...I just love it Flipkart service n product alsoREAD MORE,5.0
nice and worth for money great LED ..READ MORE,5.0
I think it's good but not the best it's budget tv and it's good by lover budgetREAD MORE,5.0
This is my 3rd tv. Refer to to my relatives. Simply awesome this price in smart tv. Loved it... 💓Thank you Flipkart 👍READ MORE,5.0
Its an Good Product n Value for Money..Installation too was done on same day of delivery..Netflix video is not seen even in MIRACAST means if u connect ur mobile by miracast n u run netflix application on ur mobile its not showing video of netflix which are running on mobile volume n subtitle comes but video is shown in TV...Dont know why its happening..but rather than this everything runs good on TV...READ MORE,4.0
"One of the best LED TV at this range. Getting a smart TV at this price is just too amazing. picture quality is amazing, sound is amazing, our living room having a tv with wifi connected is the most cool thing that can ever happen. just too good.. buy it before it gets out of stock.READ MORE",5.0
"Dear All Buyers of TVThis is an excellent purchase made by me,very good resolutionvery good navigationvery good looksound is perfectwithout dtc connection can have entertainment via Internet as it have all apps including zee,sony liv app,hotstar and all of them giving at least one month free trial.so enjoy even without dth.most important is warranty is for 2 years (1 year comprehensive and 1 year for back panel) the price is amazing 13999 which reduces to 12600 after 10% city bank 10...READ MORE",5.0
Tv is good. flipkart delivery also very good. The installation was also done on time. But the demo was not proper it seems the guy himself was not properly educated on the product. Overall the product is very nice.READ MORE,4.0
"Best to buy @14k...can play all my laptop videos here using VLC.... sound and picture quality is good... Connect to WiFi and enjoy YouTube, hotstar etc.....Pen drive and HDMI support feature is good to have entertainment.READ MORE",5.0
"if you are looking for a smart TV in budget,  this is your choice.  Excellent service from flipkart.  delivered in a day.  within 3 hrs technician came and fixed it.  Nice experience.READ MORE",5.0
"There is no competitive product in this range..After using you won't believe that much features in that price.. HD quality picture. Nice Sound quality, Best part you can Share your mobile screen.. ??READ MORE",5.0
In this price range I can say awesome in all respect as I am using Sony home theatre with this tv. Except sound everything is greatREAD MORE,5.0
Initially got a defective product but within a week they gave a replacement and perfectly fine and literally it is value for money. good service from Flipkart and service person was very genuine and great support from Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Super It's amazing....I love Mi love u love u.....Abba keka full hd TV.....home ye theater ayindi I love.... Flipkart lv u so much lv u Mi....TV....so super.....I'm so full happy with family...also full happy....thank thank so much Mi.....lv uuuuuuu......READ MORE,5.0
Nice tv and really worth at this amount. No brand can provide you smart tv in this cost. Picture quality is amazing. Remote has very less features more over auto build features are there.READ MORE,5.0
"A very fantabulous product from Mi,really it's an awesome experience with great picture & sound clarity.And Thanking Flipkart about the safe and early delivery than the expected delivery date ( arrived 1week before the expected delivery date)Price worthy productREAD MORE",5.0
Its a nice smart tv according to the price & the pictures quality is also good. I have been waiting for so long for this smart tv and now when i have got this I'm so happy. The delivery member of tv was also good they  unbox the tv by themselves and show me properly before the payment & that was appreciable. Overall its a good smart tv.READ MORE,4.0
good TV good display good sound good performance TV remote very impressiveREAD MORE,5.0
"GREAT PRODUCT MUST BUY FOR APPROPRIATE QUALITY IN VERY CHEAP PRICE , EVERYTHING IS AWESOME EXCEPT SOUND QUALITY WHEN WALL MOUNTED THE SOUND IS NOT CLEAR , WORDS ARE DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND .BUT THE PRODUCT IS AWESOME PLACE IT ON TABLETOP FOR BEST EXPERIENCEREAD MORE",5.0
"Got that product before said time.Delivery time was 4pm but got the product on 8am morning and also its installation date was 13th Aug but got installation demo on today i.e. 12th Aug.....Super fast service provided by Flipkart and Jeeves in delivery and in installation. Purchased on Friday, Got the product on Sunday morning and got installation and demo services on Today (Sunday) morning.....Picture quality is mind blowing. Really a lovely deal from the co-operation of MI and Flipkart....READ MORE",5.0
The product is good and installation demo also happened once receiving the TV.Bad part was on delivery of the product.Nearly the delivery partner took 5days to deliver it eventhough the product reached my nearby location well in advance. Also they didn't deliver it to my home I had to go to their convenient lication which is some 6km away from my home to collect my parcel.Really it was a bad experience with courier delivery  partner.I order the TV only because there was delivery option ...READ MORE,4.0
Worth for money. do buy if you are looking in this price range. amazing to watch original HD content.. Sound quality is good enough.READ MORE,5.0
i m purches 43 inch 4a tv. very nice tv. panl is lcd but picture quality good. very nice smart tv system. overl all good quality tv on this amount. timely deleverd and instalation thank u flipkart & thank u so much Mi.READ MORE,5.0
amazing product in economical price thank Flipkart for the quick service.It was just a awesome experience .READ MORE,5.0
"Nice Led tv Amazing products..... In this price range          it's a best delivery and Technitation service is very prompt, better service super soundREAD MORE",5.0
"i liked tv is good but imporove installation service not good.installation person gave me time in morning to come in evening but he didn't pick my call I tried in break till 3 hours but no response from his side poor installation service but TV is good better order from mi website directly you will get better service from mi website, but another day installation guy was polite.READ MORE",3.0
good TV but it is lcd written on TV ..but good sound ...colour needs proper setting .overall good TV at this price but the quality is not at the level of lg or Sony ...I am using since one month no any problem and feel comfortable with this productREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery of my MI tv is good but installation and mi service very poor. i have order on 27th july 2018 and delivered on 6th august after 17 days my tv installation not completed. still support person telling me need more time to complete installation. i have call so many times but poor support of flipkart. never buy from flipkart.READ MORE,1.0
"At this price,  you are getting a good product.Never try to compare this with other brands. The tv can display only 720pix even if you play HD videos.viewing angles are not wide. Surely the remote needs some time to get used to. sound is audible only for small rooms or in silent locations.READ MORE",4.0
"tv is really good at this price range sound is pretty good, picture quality is good overall it's a good product to purchase . Miracast working properly let's see how long it survives. I recommend it to buy ..👍👍READ MORE",4.0
Not as Good as other brand Smart Tvs .. very slow OS and not easy to use very limited contents and as mentioned in description 5lac hours content to watch that is also not free that is paid. You have to buy subscriptions for hungama voot and hotstar to watch and you cannot install any other app. Playstore is not there.READ MORE,1.0
Overall very nice Smart tv by Xiaomi. Tv picture quality is nice you can enjoy 4k videos also. Patch wall concept is good.Sound is perfect.READ MORE,5.0
Best for this price.. Awsome LED & picture quality.. Flipkart Delivery was to good & fast.. Connectivity is good..READ MORE,5.0
awesome TV experience best TV in price range. deliver in just 1day and installation next day.it support most of the Android app.it also support key board 4k ultra HD video is also supported using mx player.READ MORE,5.0
Delivery very fast and installation very very fast and equipment very good quality and very nice and beautiful. but IGST is very costly too much.....but flipkart is very good jobers....READ MORE,5.0
Only one thing to say... True true value for money. Functionality even better than my sony 50 inch 3d smart tv. Awesome delivery experience with flipkart and ecart combination.READ MORE,5.0
it's a good product in this price . we can connect with phone as well . it has so many more features . value for money . it's simply amazingREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice tv and clarity but the problem is apple product dosent connects to it only hotspot connect , and 2 tb hardrive alsodosent connects apart from this evry thing works very wellREAD MORE",3.0
This tv is really amazing in all the aspects like picture sound etc.A must buy for those who r looking to buy a tv in a very efficient price point.READ MORE,5.0
"its lcd tv ,not led tv worst TV bought ever in my life and mobile screening not supporting I Raised customer care but no support past 3 monthsREAD MORE",1.0
"TV is very good at this price,  delivery was excellent and person who came for delivery were very polite.  But the installation person was hopeless. Had to call him after he cancelled the installation him self, on call told me that the wall mount is not in stock hence he will come after 4 days. Told him that I already have the wall mount of my old Panasonic LED but then too he did not come.READ MORE",4.0
On time delivery and good Installation service.Good TV for low budget. Sound is good. Picture quality could have been better.Suggest you to buy some best brand if you are not concerned on price.For my budget m more than satisfied. please recharge for HD to enjoy best picture quality.READ MORE,4.0
"good product, happy with delivery time and service, friendly technician.almost 7 month over working very well, love itGoing to be 2 years 😊 still working very wellREAD MORE",5.0
"tv is superb.sound was awsome.coming to apps manually installed apps are not running properly like (amazon prime,tatasky app).only system apps are running properly system apps are youtube,hotstar,voot.otherwise its awsome tv in this prise range.READ MORE",4.0
super fast delivery next day installation very friendly nature of service boy very satisfied... picture quality was awesome and sound was good no need extra sleekerREAD MORE,5.0
"M.i LED 43 inches smart t.v is really smart one. Picture quality fine/ sound best quality/ connectivity best/ overall I liked t.v performance under given budget of ₹ 23,000/-.READ MORE",4.0
Nice tv but there are some features which should be available like 1. Voice search 2. Installation and support of browser. It is very time consuming to type something to search.READ MORE,4.0
"Video quality is good, audio is good even wireless connectivity works well. I would like to clear you one thing guys it's not LED TV it's LCD SCREEN with LED backlight and you have only few apps which can be used in TV as MI doesn't support Google play. If you're looking for LED SMART TV it's not the perfect one.READ MORE",4.0
"finally today (4th day post delivery) my TV got installed and it's functional aspects are yet to observed, but thanks to Flipkart for getting the installation done, all of your team supported me well for getting the installation job done....good professional approach by Flipkart back office team but ground team are not punctual enough to achieve the timelines,they may be having some internal man power issues or delays in their accessories supply chain but Flipkart need to fix these local issu...READ MORE",4.0
super delivery and installation is very good thank you Flipkart thank you miREAD MORE,5.0
Size neither too big nor small. This size is perfect for bedrooms. Pictures quality is good. Though it's an smart TV but it lacks content. YouTube &  hot star is the best thing it has! 4GB data/ day is enough to watch 6 hrs of online content. It's remote controller has few buttons. You have to toggle on virtual keyboard for typing. It does not has any external speaker but inbuilt speakers are enough for a room though you will miss bass.READ MORE,5.0
A very  good product . Picture  quality  is superb but sound  quality  needs improvement.  Is it led or lcd ? Because BEE Lable mentions it as lcd.READ MORE,4.0
nice display quality Smart TV was incredible in their price it's lovely device for meREAD MORE,5.0
"I am happy with Mi Tv.. Its so good and looks so rich 43"" ..  But unhappy with Delivery Courier Services.. They late the product and no better communications.. So please avoid the Delivery Courier Service... Otherwise awesome TV.. And Installation person is very cooperative and very good like friendly behaviour..READ MORE",4.0
"Detailed Honest Review.Looks, all over fit and finish is very good.Picture quality is good, more than expectation.Sound is average.Remote control is mini and very attractive.Wifi connectivity is good, it will remember the password and will get auto connect everytime.You cannot Browse websites but there are pre-installed apps like, hungama and sony, there are huge collection of movies, video songs and TV serials to see in various languages.You can't get bored if you dnt have dish connec...READ MORE",4.0
"One can't ask for more at this price. Wnful picture quality, good sound, sleek frame, large content on Patchwall feature. Mi has provided an affordable product equivalent to a home theater. Wnful service & installation. As far as longevity of the product- only time will tell. Highly recommended.READ MORE",5.0
LED SMART TV IS GOOD BUT INSTALLATION IS NOT DONE TILL NOW AFTER 7 DAYS OF PURCHASE....OVERALL LED IS NICE LOOKING.READ MORE,4.0
"Very good picture quality,sound quality I'mean everything is good in this price. recommend to all who wants good led in affordable price.READ MORE",5.0
good budget TV don't believe in what others say if you trust xiaomi go for it..video quality is great when you watch hd songs very fast UI no lag but build quality is not that much great handle with careREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome smart TV in this price range, installed within 48hr of delivery, behaviour of the service engineer is very good. My parents are very happy for this product.READ MORE",5.0
"Good quality, good sound, feeling good worth product for best price awesome productREAD MORE",4.0
I used this TV from last 15 days. Absolute value for money. Good picture quality. I used this TV for 3 purpose.1. Xbox - Very good connection through all the HDMI cable and frame rate is also good2. Laptop/Tablet/phone : Miracast Living Room is very good for casting any device through wirelessly.3. Apps : All the app are working quite fine and sync properly with internet.Sound quality is not so good but at this price this is the best what anyone can get.READ MORE,5.0
Used it for 1 month now . Working well . Sound m video on he channels is too good. Smart tv functions n working is also good . Recommended by me...READ MORE,5.0
Nice Full HD Display and sound quality .Overall it is very good  smart TV   in this price range.Delivery  service by Flipkart is  also nice.We got my item on next day of order date.READ MORE,4.0
Nice TV and package should be done and not deliverable to my home town 534301 and delivery is very fast satisfied and make it available to normal days alsoREAD MORE,5.0
Best smart TV under 25k. Was delivered next day after placing the order and was installed the same day as well. Very happy with Flipkart's service.READ MORE,5.0
TV received in a good condition but can write perfect reviews only after it gets installedkindly update us wether we have to call your engineers to install the TV or else they himself will call us as haven't r cd any call for installation yet kindly update us asap as we have purchased the product to entertain not just to keep the same in the box and wait for your engineers to call usREAD MORE,3.0
"It just give you a big display with almost no features in it if you want to load of load apps you cannot its not at all a smart TV It just gives you an opportunity to watch Sony liv,hotstar and you tube You cannot watch Netflix neither prime video or anything else Total waste of money if you want to use it with wifi I would soon prefer to replace it with some other good tv with more complete featuresREAD MORE",1.0
"I have got Mi HD TV and it has good Dolby sound with HD quality  an affordable TV at reginable rate it is comparison than LG , Samsung it is good and feature are osowme is will give 5 out of 4.5READ MORE",4.0
picture quality is at its best and sound is really  very loud the only thing i dont like is its only support ir blaster to use your phone as remote which is only available in mi phonesREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful product with speedy and soft installation... Worth to buy... Extraordinary features for the spent money... Most go fa it:)READ MORE,5.0
"It's simply awesome. Great sound, user friendly interface, excellent picture and video quality, easy installation, sleek body and many more to say. I had seen many of my friend using the expensive brands like SONY but this Mi TV is best in very low price comparatively. This is a best buy for me as got instant discount of Rs. 1750 because of using SBI CREDIT CARD. So it was only 21250 for me. And don't forget to buy the wall-mount from installing team for a comfortable use of the item.READ MORE",5.0
No comment.. Let's buy it. If you have more money increases inches.. Super clarity and super sound and so on.. Loving itREAD MORE,5.0
"A great deal in this price range. Good resolution, a great sounds experience, smoothly working on wifi. Patchwall Os needs some improvement. Mute button is missing on remote.READ MORE",4.0
quality of the product is good the delivery of the product was quick and installation was great i would like to give 5 stars to flipcart for providing such a amazing service thanks...flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
"There is no one tab color adjustment. You can only adjust red, blue, and green seperately. Hue and saturation optimum adjustment is not everybody's ability. For being a budget TV, they should have given a simple one tab adjustment for customizing the color. Color reproduction is average. It is a good buy as a second TV for casual viewing in your bed room. But if you are looking for your living room, look for some other options with a good color reproduction. But if you are looking for a smart...READ MORE",4.0
"It's not HD and is also a forked version of android. well. those are the only two cons I can think of. :) extremely happy with the purchase. of course supported app environment could be better- for instance for Netflix you need to use a scroll mouse, prime video doesn't work and hotstar navigation isn't great and youtube version preloaded is glitchy. but I think for the price its total vfm. and I'm hoping the app support environment improves over time. and p.s: I didn't even get a DTH conne...READ MORE",4.0
It is a superb smart TV with lots of apps preloaded. Next need to open your browser for finding your favorite series or a movie. The price is unbeatable.READ MORE,5.0
While Mi tv is good and the delivery was very fast but the installation service provided by Jeeves is worst. They have no regard for commitments. On call the customer care will just assure you that they have escalated the issue but it never gets resolved. I have bought 2 years EW with Jeeves which I'm regretting seeing their callousness towards service. Will probably be cancelling the EW.If there's an option to buy it without having to take the installation service from Jeeves then go for i...READ MORE,4.0
Best product for this price. resolution was good. in display a sticker mentioned LCD. the reason the surrounding panel they attached LCD panel. But display is LED. on time delivery given by flipkart team. installation team given fastest work. came 3 days before expected date. the guy Mr.sheik take care well. installation work given his best. till now working nice. I will once again update my review after 3 months.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing MI Led TV great sound quality and good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
it's very nice product quality wise and every feature and also saving money on this Price I bye this  TV on this 04/08 2018 I received on time and insulation thank for Flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
delivery of product is good as expected but installation service is very low . overall mismatch in installation part . rest TV experience is better then expectations. worth to buy it . something is good in MI product .READ MORE,3.0
thanx flipkart next day fast delivery . nice sweet smart mi 43 inch led must buy friendsREAD MORE,5.0
Best product under this budget. Easy to use. And best i loved Flipkart. Got it one day before given delivery date. Thnq FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Best Tv so far at this price. For best video quality you have to do some customzation in picture/display settings. Rest full HD and 4K videos will work osm.READ MORE,5.0
very good TV  amazing SOUND VERY NICE TV MI THANK YOU SO MUCH FLIPKARTREAD MORE,5.0
the tv is very good and value for money but the installation tram is worst.the guy who came after 4 days of waiting dont know how to install a tv.he told me that he was being told to install an AC..LOL..i bid him good bye..installed on table by self after he left and rocking.READ MORE,2.0
Till now the tv is working fine.. Everything from packaging installation services are all exceptional..Only one complaint becoz of which one star i deducted..The delivery boy asked me to give cash not in digital mode as his machine was not proper working for this i have to go atm.. Kindly make sure you get your machine right for such a big amount..READ MORE,4.0
tv is so good . avrg tv. in this prize i think good .READ MORE,4.0
awesome TV and good quality sound good best TV every one buying this TV thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Booked for Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh. Received TV and installation within 2 days.  TV is very bright and reasonable sound considering its size.  Yet to be test for smart features.  For this price, just for watching youtube videos, it is more than worth.READ MORE",5.0
awesome product & good operate smart very fast & easy funtion otherwise is all perfectREAD MORE,5.0
"I have purchase the product a fortnight ago and satisfied so far with the overall performance of the LED.  If you compare the price viz  quality of the product, with other established brands in the market, it is definitely far superior.  You don't get these features in this price range, and even if it is available, you may not the quality that MI LED has. Also, the delivery process was also very smooth and hassel free through flipcart as I could manage to get it delivered at my convenience.  ...READ MORE",4.0
IF YOU JUST WANT A SMART TV FOR A REALLY VERY AFFORDABLE PRICE THEN THIS IS THE PERFECT ONE...BUT... PICTURE CLARITY IS LOW.....SOUND IS REALLY AVERAGE...WHICH ARE REALLY LOW ...BUT IT COMES IN AN AFFORDABLE PRICE IN WHICH EVERYONE CAN GET A SMART TVREAD MORE,3.0
"If you have a budget of below 20k then go for it. Best smart tv in this range, but if you can afford Samsung then i will recommend you to buy Samsung .READ MORE",4.0
nice Product Value for money Thank u flipkart For delevered best Led tv.READ MORE,5.0
I recently bought another brand TV before this one for 21K. But this is better than that non-smart TV. The rating is as below :Sound: 10/10 (you can hear clearly with 100% volume increase)Display: 9/10 (better than other brand which have 5/10) - 9 because I don't like this type of LED. I like QLED.Functionality: 9/10 (very smart TV)READ MORE,5.0
"it is a great purchase in this price. picture quality is quiet low, but looks great with HD set top box. delivery and installation is good, only thing wall mount is not free.READ MORE",4.0
the sound is ok for the price it is being provided.The black colours on the screen is on the greyish side. overall in this price range it is the top tv. i have watched a lot of review on the youtube and decided to buy it after that.No bluetooth connectivity.I will highly recommend you to buy wireless mouse and keyboard of you want to surf internet on this tv. The sideloaded youtube app works fine.dont go for the 32 inch version go for the 43 inch version.READ MORE,5.0
fast delivery n equally fast installation done ....seems like a nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Really Superb FULL HD Like 4K Video...Really Nice Product...Budget Led TVCrystal Clear Sound...Remote is Very Small innovativeThank you Mi...Thank you Flipkart... I Received my Product my selected date...READ MORE,5.0
Our family is all using MI Mobiles for the last 3 years. This is the main reason I have opted to purcahse the MI TV. Initially I got fed up with the failure of my booking in the flash sales and I missed 3 wheeks to book the TV on 15th June. The product  got delivered earlier than scheduled. The Flipcart partner Jeaves vompleated installation and shown the necessary operation methods for the MI remote and STB remote.As I have been using the hotsport WiFi the net services could not work properl...READ MORE,5.0
"Brilliant TV. Clarity : 7.5/10Audio : 8/10Smartness of the smart TV XD : 6/10Bluetooth audio : can not connect to Bluetooth speakers, cant expect everything within the price range of 23k can we. Overall I love it. I think if youre Budget is around 30. I would still ask you to go for the mi TVStill a little shocked as to how a 43Inch TV smart TV was only 23k. But I would like to see how long it lasts. :PREAD MORE",5.0
not full smart TV google play service not available that's why android applications not working... wireless keyboard and mouse not work on it... Utube and   hotstar works very wel... overall not bad in this range...READ MORE,5.0
Good and affordable price and good courier services by eKart and very good executive customers friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
On time delivery and installation. Good work appreciate.... but the ARC port HDMI 1 is not detecting my speaker which also have ARC port which I bought for this TV. I changed all the settings like in Sounds > Hdmi ARC but still its not working some times it detects like if I plug out and plug in. The same speaker is working fine with other TV. I called customer service they also couldnt solve it and when I browsed online found many of them facing this problem seems to be common issue no solut...READ MORE,3.0
"I recently purchase this Mi TV is looks good, Nice product, looks good, Good sound and picture quality. installation process was also very good. i just love the product in this price rangethanks flipkertREAD MORE",4.0
Worth for money. In this Budget this is a best tv. Smart features are good. Sound system and display quality are decent. Overall worth for money.READ MORE,5.0
"I don't recommend this tv, if you love google play store. You can't install an app from play store.so good performance app you cant install. I try to  install play store but it not support.Some app support which is old and not good performance while you access the internet.READ MORE",2.0
person who come 2 my home 4 installation of led behaviour is awesome I love the service of demo thank u so much for give me great demo serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"Gem at this price, does the job. Excellent features at this price and the display as well as the sound is superb.READ MORE",5.0
"Received TV well before the date of commitment. TV that was received 26th July was suppose to be installed on 27th as per message received. It is 7th day. Getting a message daily saying rescheduled, without any reschedule request from me. Poor post delivery services. Unnessessary tension. No idea, when the engineer will do installation. Irresponsible communication from engineering team.Anyway I bought it. Will wait for installation to happen.Got a call from another one person and he as...READ MORE",4.0
Nothing more to say. This product is working fine since last 6 months even in power fluctuation. Absolutely fantastic model with proper screen resoluation.Waiting for a 3D tv from MIREAD MORE,5.0
"I was a bit confused about buying Mi TV 4a - considering the competitors - VU, TCL, Thomson...But somehow settled on this - the OS is android based and expected to support many apps than the competitors.So story after I bought it - short answer no regrets!I m regular user of Dell Inspiron 7560 - IPS Full HD  and Ipad Mini 2 - Retina. My comparison would be primarily based on these products.Display:Nothing much significantly different than the others for the bare eyes. Colors are bit o...READ MORE",5.0
"picture is not so clear compared to my 8 year old Samsung Lcd TV. there were dark Shadow like dullness in the corners. audio is good. wifi disconnecting once in an hour. Miracast takes more time to connect with mobile and lagging a lot. wall mount threads in the back pannel is very less in depth. normal length screw is not fitting properly. MI intension is to buy the wall mount with them, were most of the TV it is free of cost including the installation. that's the price difference it is che...READ MORE",4.0
"Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm was ordered by me on 24 July 2018 and the product was expeditiously delivered to me on 26 July 2018.  Means the delivery was superbly fast and good.  The payment was also super smooth as it was paid through card at the time of delivery.  However the problem is with its installation.  The installation was supposed to be have done by 30 July 2018 as claimed by the Flipkart.  However the same has not been done till writing of this review I.e. till 01 Aug 2018, despite r...READ MORE",3.0
best tv...picture quality and sound best ...it is best in 23k...but in dark or black scene why not showing clear....is it all LED TV prblm or this tv prblm...otherwise this tv is best....READ MORE,4.0
order it on friday.. got it on the next day... super fast delivery.. instalation the next wrkng day... good product.. worth the money..                                        *used it continuously for almost a day and no heating problemREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice product picture quality was good, sounds speaker also good overall it's a best smart TV in this price range.it's fantastic deal with Flipkart..✌READ MORE",5.0
"Thanks Flipkart, prompt delivery and hats  of  to mi smart TV . Instillation  and demo great job overall,  I will by again. Thank yu and keep it upREAD MORE",5.0
"For t.v 5 out of 5... forget about the t.v that's pretty cool and one will never regret. let's talk about some other important aspects like...For Flipkart delivery.. 5 star...For Flipkart support. 4 star...For Jeeves installation 1 star... I don't even want to give a single star. but after making so many calls they sent a genuine technician, and at the end it's all good. take a note.. MI sends t v mount which Jeeves technician carries with them when they come for the installation, which is...READ MORE",5.0
"Nice to have this 43 inch smart TV.Please find below Pros & Cons and decide smartly :)Pros:1. One of the best smart TV with lots of smart features for the range of 20-30K & for living room area in between 80-140 sq. ft.2. Three HDMI ports let you enjoy TV,Laptop and additional extra device at the same time. Cast screen option let you enjoy your mobile over TV.3. If you have WI-fi at home you can use pre-installed Hotstar abd similar app by accessing internet.4. Flipkart helped in swift i...READ MORE",4.0
"Picture is avaerage.sound is excellent.Patchwall experience is Good but Most of the content is paid.Needs more feature update Like Playstore , Netflix and More.OverAll Worth for Money❤️I'm happy with the product and another worth product from MI...Hatsoff to MI... Waiting for the future TV series..READ MORE",5.0
amazing tv for cheap budget sound effect very good like hometheater. installation also good within 24 hrs installation good by jeevesREAD MORE,5.0
"Product wise I'm satisfied, packing, transportation and delivery of the product is also good and perfectInstallation of the TV was very good, Technician Mr. Nithin Bakshi has done his job very well and was very friendly while installation and also demonstration of the TV. Fully satisfied with his behavior and work. 5* for his behavior and workREAD MORE",4.0
Most affordable smart TV with good features. Best in its class as per price.READ MORE,4.0
"Don't keep too many expectations. Yes, why I wrote so , there are reasons,This TV is not repairable. As per the service engineer  who came to install TV at my place, told me to take one year extra warranty, and trust me he has a valid reason. He said that the TV is not repairable. If you have warranty, this will only be replaced. Only manual button that you have on TV is just the Power button. If you loose you remote or it goes out of order, you cannot navigate it.Now the main thing, Scr...READ MORE",3.0
"TV as such for this price tag is awesome. It has got decent to good quality picture and sound.  As I have bought this for my grand parents, this would mostly be used for regular TV viewing from STB.  Though, I haven't checked it extensively, I had a quick walk through the smart TV features. The remote and smart tv operation looks good.Worst part, is the delivery and installation. This could be particular to my location. It took 3 days to deliver after reaching to the nearest delivery center....READ MORE",4.0
Hi I am a satisfied customer of Flipkart I have purchase a MI led from flipkart and i will appreciate the service of flipkart when i will received a product after that within 2 hour engineer will come for installation engineer having good knowledge and well educated its very fast service and best service and now i am told in my friend circle that any product purchase from flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"Very worthy product from Mi ❤️..  +easy to use, standard look, good build quality, sound quality also pretty good, not full HD but also good with normal set top boxes, HD set top boxes will give awesome picture quality, timely installation services from Jeeves.  Miracast is an impressive feature. -Color tone is quite disappointing while using YouTube. Remote could have been better with an alphanumeric keypad.READ MORE",5.0
sound quality it's awesome.....picture quality as well good but not hd .....all is well good product.READ MORE,3.0
"Best budget friendly and classy smart TV ever.Youtube video quality is sharp and audio is crystal clearwatching tv shows in HD channels looks impressivemy kid hardly use my smartphone to watch cartoon, rhymes.Everything is on TV now.READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing value for the money. You won't find a better deal than this one on a smart TV. But surely there are some things which are not upto the mark. The TV screen shows contour like patterns while starting or when the screen is dark (black). Another thing that feels missing is a mute button on the remote which would have been an amazing addition.But all in all, you cant really complain much for the cost you are getting it for.READ MORE",4.0
"After 7 days of use following are my observations Pros:1. Easy connectivity and user friendly options2. No lag while streaming in hotspot3. Screen Mirror is working very fast.Cons:1. There are No youtube , netflix or other streaming apps2. You can't install MI apps2. Picture quality and sound is not as expected.Conclusion: I better suggest to go for only Sony brand TV, though it costs  more.READ MORE",3.0
"I want to start off saying its great for the money you pay. I have tested it for 7 days and here goes my review....Pros: PatchWall is not as bad as whats depicted.... i would rate it averageInternal speakers are actually better than many other brandsProcessor is OKishCons:Display is OK, Definitely not suitable for gaming. I have a ps4 and I am not satisfiedIf you are connecting a home theatre you must have a decoder, If not you cannot extract watever you sound system is capable ofNo...READ MORE",3.0
"Being an ardent devotee of Mi phones from the last couple of years, i looked no further than Mi Tv when i wanted to buy a smart TV.  However happiness was short lived when it comes to the smart features. Ofcourse HD content through set top box wise its top notch and no complaints whatsoever but for typical discoverers like us who want to exploit all things possible, its disappointing not to have Play store, sideloading apps is fine but we need to search for needle in the haystack. Even after ...READ MORE",2.0
TV is very nice but one thing is issues i.e this is lcd tv or led tv not sure due to label shows lcd display. otherwise everything is good. For better clarity we must watch only hd channel and connectivity is very good but with smartphone synchronization is not upto mark with all smartphone.READ MORE,4.0
Amazing very slim and fast wifi network work in ledREAD MORE,5.0
"This tv is not even a worth single penny. Guys please dont buy the product .. flipkart is just looting peoples hard money. The tv quality is too bad . And flipkart policy says we cant get the refund on this product .I would really like to recommend people please dont buy the mi tv.  It is not even worth the amount on which they are selling.And please to all the people who have created hype on this product - please stop creating that. The product is worst.Please users , if u read this rev...READ MORE",1.0
"Picture quality 7 out of 10 not satisfied with colour outputSound quality 7 out of 10 loud enough but will require external speaker for quality sound. Not much tweaks.Overall connectivity 8 out of 10. Video connectivity options are good but not much sound connectivity options no audio out no Bluetooth only hdmi arc, headphones out (sound output low via headphones) and spdif.  Also tv speakers will be disabled if any form of external output is connected so 20w wasted. Smart tv options 5 ou...READ MORE",4.0
The product is very good and best buy for money. A 43 inch smart TV with 4K compatibility for just under 24000 is a steal.READ MORE,4.0
good product by mi and good service provided by fliplart to delivered the smart tv and the installation and demo was also good..READ MORE,5.0
"Flipkart & MI both claims TV to be LED TV however, BEE lable issued for this TV clearing writes LCD TV on TV as well as on outer box. Quality is good but why Flipkart & MI are giving false description. I guess if they honestly display LCD TV on site, most of the buyers are not going to buy LCD over LED technology. Disappointed :-(READ MORE",1.0
Recently got the MI 43 inch TV. As far as value for money is concerned it certainly is. Delivery and installation was on time so great job Flipkart. But how does the product fair? Well the picture is good sound quality is great. I would be pleased though with the graphic interface if the refresh rate was a bit higher. There is a certainly delay and crackling if you're doing mirroring from your d vice and if the device is over 3 ft away from the television. Backlit effect is ok not great. Agai...READ MORE,4.0
it is good product at 14000. Picture quality is good for HD channel and sound is also good.Thank you flikcart I got this with in one day. product delivery and installation is very fast as per term and condition.READ MORE,4.0
"well,  MI is becoming a good option in smart tv segments,  features are awesome,  nice tv, picture quality is great,  connectivity is awesome... worth buying the productREAD MORE",5.0
"Good picture quality, high contrast image, natural colour. 178° view, good picture and sound control. Good connectivity. Prompt timely delivery and installation. Overall good viewing experience. But Amazon Prime Video not working.READ MORE",4.0
it's a perfect product for smart TV lovers. It is best in its price. Only two thing we can say lack of it... one is it doesn't have ability to install google play store or play services.. and it have very less memory.. which will not allowing us to install some big apps. except that every thing is great about it.READ MORE,5.0
Nice it's just occupied my living room fully quite a good display for this price rangepatchwall android interface goodif we have high speed internet means TV look like a pro 43 inch with lots of connectivity options good feel amazedvalue for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Money spend very good product n this product sound n picture quality n function so much all features start so good so my leaving room is very smart looking mi ledREAD MORE,5.0
Super tv in 14k range. I feel more happy when i received.     Super tv.    I LOVE FLIPKARTREAD MORE,5.0
Good Tv. It is the best TV in this price. Thank you Flipkart & Mi.READ MORE,5.0
this is a very good TV .. value for money sounds quality is very good and HD is good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Ossam tv its beat all the other tvs in ths budget we are buying a phone n in ths mi os offering a smart tv superb features gud speakers like itREAD MORE,5.0
The quality of the panel isn't that great. The OS is smooth so far. It's a satisfactory product considering the price. Reduce the brightness and increase the contrast for a better experience.READ MORE,3.0
Very Good Product in Budget.....I want know how to connect my Moto c plus Mobile with my Mi smart led TV????READ MORE,5.0
"The T.V. Is Great totally worth it Great Sound , Great Picture Quality , it enhances Viewing pleasure .READ MORE",5.0
"compare between other led tv's in that price this product is Best one, Sound is excellent and network connection is too good and picture quality is good.READ MORE",4.0
Amazing TV in such a nice range. Delivery was made the other day. Kudos to the flipkart team and set up was free by their men.READ MORE,5.0
"Best Pic i eve seen . Sound like Dulby Degitel . Support Jio tv,Jio cenames,MoviceHD,Hotstar,Crome Browser and may other . u need high speed & Bingo u can do anything u like just a big android Tv. I recommended to buy 43 its pic and quality is much better. I Love Mi TV. Delivered in 1 day and installed in same day nice . I am so much happy abouts Mi TV.READ MORE",5.0
"Frankly guys, You buy a LED to get good picture clarity a viewing experience. Rest all comes next, Quite disapointed with the quality of the picture and colors. My suggestion- if you were earlier used to have a Sony, LG or Samsung...Stick to your brand. Its clearly comparable.READ MORE",3.0
Excellent Product but not happy with installation. I have purchased my own wall mount and engineer charged 200 rs extra for installing. He has charged 350 rs extra for HDMI cable. I am not happy with this.READ MORE,2.0
Best tv ever look so stylish and sexy and sound quality is very good value for so money go itREAD MORE,4.0
All it is good value for money I'm really happy for buy this led 🤗  and one of the best the installation person from jeevas he is to much corporative as per my convenience time and to politely behaviour ***** 5 Star for Mr. IrfaanREAD MORE,5.0
Such a great one.. Picture quality is very good... Awesome experience 😍 😍 easy to access.. Best Sound 🔊 quality..READ MORE,4.0
tv is gud excellent but flipkart service is too much lazy delivery service take only one day but flipkart don't come for installation whenever they say then i companies again flipkart n mi service company n in 2 days mi company service provider come n install tv so flipkart u improve ur installation service otherwise i like this tv value for money niceREAD MORE,5.0
It's quite a good tv under the price tag some of the features will give you headache like mirring is not working properly. Streaming from WiFi is not that good and some of its in build apps are not working that smoothly. However it's good buy.READ MORE,3.0
Good delivery and My tv best because it is cheaper than market  Thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Value for money, picture quality is good you need to find tune to get more clear picture, sound is good for hall better use external speakers, connectivity options are good 3 hdmi 2 usb lan wifi. Patchwall os is fast and allow you to install apps via usb and works great,READ MORE",4.0
"The TV is good with all the features but below mentioned are its limitations, it does not have google play, there is a work around with the. Apk file but the real issue is you cant open word, excel, ppt, pdf documents, although i have installed the WPS app it gave me a warning that these apps also require Google play services and hence it might not work properly and i checked the MS docs were not opening also PDF documents were also not being recognized and I am quiet disappointed as i wanted...READ MORE",4.0
wow it's a great deal  amazing product and display density is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
display is awesome connectivity is awesome you get clear picture the sound is little bit low but that is not a show stopper here I have added the external speaker.READ MORE,5.0
"I'm satisfied with television performance, looking nice n I felt best quality picture, but whatever Flipkart promised for 3 months free subscription they are not keeping up, as per me its applicable only for one month, to get 2 n 3 rd month subscription we have to pay 6 months advance payment, this doesn't sounds good..READ MORE",4.0
"It's everything as I expected.. Just spectacular, living every patch of this patchwall.. The display quality, viewing experience, and every other smart feature is top notch. Worth every penny spend..READ MORE",5.0
"value for money very nice TV support hotstar,humgama,YouTube also and best thing are in this TV are Wi-Fi connectivity you can connect this TV esaliy by any mobile data network and sound are really awesome overall I am setisfied with this productREAD MORE",5.0
MiTV is really good worth it but flipkart delivery is very poor and amazonprime video doent work on this TV.If mi provide it with update its become very good for me.over all review is good.READ MORE,4.0
Tv is good Very Super in clarity and sound In the price of 23k its performance is 🤗💪👌             Mi is Our New Brand In my house Apart from Mobile Phones🤗😃READ MORE,5.0
"it's best option if you have tight budget ,but i personally recommend to go for a full hd tv by spending some more bucks, in terms of ui i love this mi tv its so well integrated and easily accessible, i can easily connect the wifi and watch my content online, but the sound could be much better ,i suggest you to use external speakers for full experienceREAD MORE",4.0
"I like MI brand products,  MI 43 LED TV was awesome product, value for money.Full hd experience is very satisfied,  On-time delivered the product, and also Jeeves service experience is very good, Service engg visited the appointment time for installation  and demo was perfect given. also explain Extended warranty offers , i have taken ewc after engg explained. punching the EW. I'm suggesting to all mi led lovers pls take the Jeeves extended warranty plan.once again thanks to Flipkart & MI...READ MORE",5.0
The TV is very good and the delivery is also smart but the installation is not very good the boy that come he don't know to fix the TV to wallREAD MORE,3.0
"It’s a good tv, installation done at free cost. It’s good product at the price , easy to use. But not compaitable with Iphone , east to use with Mi phones !!!READ MORE",4.0
Mi  43 A Tv Sound Quality Good But pitchure Quality ok but not good  Sd channel not seen well ...Flipcart service Good...Mi picture quality improve by company..so good for customer..READ MORE,3.0
Nice LED TV. Picture quality is not more good but better .Sound quality is great  loud and clear .Network and wifi connecting is fast and casting is also so good.READ MORE,4.0
"First of all its not a smart TV as mentioned, it's just a normal LED TV.  It does not support any app's.  I think that's why they selling the product at less price.  I also contacted support centre and they said in future they look into this.  my suggestion is don't buy this TV if you are looking for SMART TVREAD MORE",5.0
"At 14k I cant expect more than this, good screen, sound, remote and added smart features make a great and perfect buy !! Go for it with out any doubt and on time delivery by fpkartREAD MORE",5.0
awesome TV  but sound should be improved 20 v speakers but not crystal clear have to improve speakers connectivity seems not really good usb cable I'll not work some times I fall in love with wireless display usb is not workingREAD MORE,5.0
I saw many reviews online and bought this TV. Delivery and installation was on time. My first impression after receiving this product was it's very light weight. Picture quality is good and sound is loud  enough to hear it in hall. The connectivity is also good and I didn't faced any issue. Bluetooth connection is not possible here. It provides most of the features that any smart TV would provide. Overall for me it's really worth the money. Can't expect more with this price range.  It's been ...READ MORE,5.0
mi led ok and super but delivery to right time but installation in very bed condion and 10 day to later lateREAD MORE,5.0
Mi TV working fine but I can't happy with Android experience. I can install only some third party app that not work properly. Playstore not working that reason limition of uses of Android so bed.READ MORE,3.0
A good purchase with small budget. Needed updates makes the purchase better. Well satisfied product.  A thumbs up 👍 to Mi LED TV.READ MORE,4.0
The most important aspect of a TV is display. Xiaomi has betrayed me in this aspect. The display is of 3rd rate quality and everything is faded. Even my other 4 year old  sansui has better quality picture. No bluetooth headset support. I Have not found how to connect Bluetooth accessories. Only good things is smart tv and can install Sideload Jio tv etc using SHAREitREAD MORE,2.0
awesome smart TV good picture quality sound quality also to good best TV in range thanks flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
"don't go with negative reviews...it's really worth of money...I'm a little unsatisfied with picture quality...but it's really a smart TV... everything is so good...just love it... picture quality is good enough with hd set top box... otherwise it's even better than other TV's of comparable values... so absolutely go with this, u will definitely not regret 😘😘😘READ MORE",5.0
Nice product everything is working fine just can say value for money. I will be much more happier if there is an option for extended warranty after purchased.READ MORE,5.0
good quality but not clear hd quality  other brand like l loyadinstallation team  very very late workREAD MORE,3.0
It is really wonderful  Experience Full HD is Awesome........ I Just Liked it far better from Smart TV...... Just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
Absolutely superb product by mi ..👍👍👍👌👌👌. Very happy to buy this wonderful smart tv ... Strongly recommend...READ MORE,5.0
"Cool. Replaced with the new one after display issues in the first one.      I was really surprised the way Flipkart handled the entire process of return and replacement.      Admirable follow-up from the Flipkart customer executive.      Though it took quite a while for the return, I am extremely satisfied and indeed delighted the way Flipkart treat their loyal customers.      My trust with Flipkart has grown definitely. Keep up the spirit.READ MORE",5.0
Really worthy for every single money. awesome pictures and sound quality. Delivery and installation is perfect.product is more worthy than your money. mark my words and get this TV without any confusions. thank u Flipkart and love u MIREAD MORE,5.0
I am extremely satisfied with the performance  of MI LED TV.  It is having more than enough advanced features which are normally  available in a high segment LED'S. Most importantly its price is quite reasonable and under budget. Flipkart delivery is on time without any breakage. Thanks to Flipkart and thanks to MI for such a nice product.  Recommend to everyone without thinking can buy this.READ MORE,5.0
"At the price the product is selling & the features buyer gets, its an awesome offer. Picture quality is very good considering its a HD ready TV, connectivity is good. 1st day when i hadn't got an STB, was worried with the quality of video i was getting on screen. But once on STB the quality was very good, on internet it wasn't good due to low WiFi coverage. Only parameter i would rate it low would be the audio system, it's lacking there. But at the price we get this TV we can skip that👍READ MORE",5.0
Product is awesome .  Smooth working smart feature and really value for money.  go for this and thanks to flipkart giving delivery on time.READ MORE,5.0
Worth of buying this amazing MI LED Smart TV 108cm(43)''..READ MORE,5.0
"in this range , MI offers a best deal for all of us.And we should go for it.bcaz the prices of the other reputed brands for 32' smart TVs are much higher.the best thing is the SOUND & PICTURE QUALITY.READ MORE",5.0
classy product .must buy for every one . Flipkart delivery service is wrost .but product is very impressive 😘😘😘😘 love you mi tv 4aREAD MORE,5.0
"this t.v is superb....luved it.. so slim.. good clarity n sound...never expected a android tv at dis rate.. in the description of flipkart it's written LED TV, but sticker on the tv is written LCD TV... functioning well👍👍👍👌👌READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome,amazing TV.This tv picture quality is awesome and also sound quality better than another smart tv. And flipkart is time to time updated me and Excellent service.Explain in one word Excellent.READ MORE",5.0
"Superb Deal. Using mi tv 4A from last 3 days. Airtel DTH HD channels clarity is excellent, SD channels are Good. The sound is good enough and connectivity is nice even with a mobile hotspot. once again Thank you Flipkart for providing Best TV with an Affordable price.READ MORE",5.0
"A very good product in this range. Picture quality and sound quality are not top notch but then you have to remember that it costs on 20k and cannot be compared to a Bravia which costs around 50k. So, go for it if you have realistic plans!! 👍READ MORE",5.0
"First time buy Mi product and and thats TV, I love this TV.  Very satisfied with product quality. I will definately suggest this if anyone is planning to buy TV. Best in this budget.READ MORE",5.0
"Though its mentioned in list that its a LED TV, but its clearly mentioned on box as well as on TV that, its LCD.Somebody can explain...?READ MORE",4.0
best brand led smart tv this product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is an LED backlit lcd screen and therefore the viewing angles are not as good as LED screens however it's way better than conventional lcd screens considering the price it's the best you can get currently. The speed it fetches from wifi is considerably low as compared to smart phones it's better to provide it with an Ethernet connection to enjoy flawless online content.READ MORE,5.0
Good TV but few things are not upto MARK. Sound quality is not that great as my another 32 inch LED TV(LG). Miracast disconnects when good quality videos are streamed. WIFI 5GHz(802.11ac) should also be there as  802.11n is getting outdated and very prone to interference...Monitor and Gaming mode should have been more polished(Worked upon)READ MORE,5.0
picture clarity is not up to the mark since it is not full hd...but if u see from long distance like 10 ft means it is ok.and not find the bluetooth connection in this model.. other than it is budget range Tv... finally it is not LED its LCD.READ MORE,4.0
Quite good sound good picture quality good in this price its enough few peoples demand more in this price so thats not possible.. overall good enough in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful..............MY DREAM COMES TRUE.................PROS1) Value for money2) Speaker quality is good3) Patchwall OS is good and lots of content.4) Picture quality is standard but not excellant5) Standard build qualityCONS1) Though the display is LED but the panel used is LCD. It would have been better with IPS display.2) Dolby sound output is not working from HD DTH ( any company cable DTH ) box as this TV support only DTS sound. So you have to satisfy yourself with stereo...READ MORE,5.0
MI TV product is good and worth for money. i will give 5 star for productI gave 2 star for the service on the installation and demo. they are not keeping the commitment.  delayed by 3 days and even the installation guy promised me to come at 6:30 PM but he reached my home at 9:00 PM in the night even with the repeated calling.Worst installation service no proper commitment to the customerREAD MORE,2.0
Not Good product and picture quality not good..it's not LED . it is LCD screen..second thing is sound is not goodREAD MORE,2.0
"all over the item , the mi led smart tv gives me the good service. it has good sound quality , connectivity ,etc. but the picture quality is not as good , stills better. thank you .READ MORE",4.0
good product for middle class family and nice features . good picture and sound quality. very niceREAD MORE,5.0
all is well.but  wall mounting accessories charging 400 rupees extra is not fair.installation with all accessories  must be free like other brands. all is worth of money especially remote is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
if u are looking for best smart tv with affordable price then this one is the bestREAD MORE,5.0
options provided on the website are not true. Not working as per the specimens provided by the product vendor. when i call MI team for support they said it will work like that only. they are not ready to resolve the issue.  SUNNXT is not working.READ MORE,1.0
"ossam, good quality, good picture,sound, and good instolation over all good product, thanks flip cartREAD MORE",5.0
Flipkart mentioned  in the terms and condition that the  installation and demo is free of cost.. after buying the product they are saying that wallmont installation is not free they are saying wallmont installation is free only if we buy the equipment from service Engineer if we are installing it on other equipment then they need installation charge.They should have mention that wallmont installation is free only if we buy the equipment from service guy in thier terms and condition.table mo...READ MORE,1.0
"one of the finest if I will say, it will be wrong. It is the finest TV available at present in the market today. with the price, there is no competition. with performance it is awesome.picture quality is good.today I have seen on net , with same specifications Samsung TV is available for Rs 42999.so one may be very sure you have purchased a right product for eight price. I got this for Rs 21249.READ MORE",5.0
"picture quality is average, sound quality is good it is smart tv but apps are not satisfied apps to be installed by USB it is just like FHD onlyREAD MORE",3.0
Mi LED SMART TV is the best in this price. Thank you mi and flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
Excellent quality. Very satisfied with the product.Delivery on time. Installation by Jeeves is very good.Only one confusion is the product LED or LCD. In some print in Box and electricity consumption it showing that it is LCD product. Other wise product is 9 on 10. except connectivity.READ MORE,5.0
Fast delivery and decent installation at correct tymHappy with FlipkartAnd the product is worth 4 money#AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Led Awsome ..but u r installation team give me time  but he not come then I called them..many tym Ur led and dilivery gudREAD MORE,4.0
"Not as such expected, Picture Quality is below average. Not at all good even if we see HD pictures all, compared to Old Flatron TV's Old TV will give good clarity. As in specifications they say LED TV but after unboxing the TV on Screen a label Mentions as ""Equipment type- LCD TV"". They are bluffing the customers.Dont go for this Mi TV.  If you buy this TV you will  face a bad experience.READ MORE",1.0
"#Pros:-   (1) Very affordable price with quite impressive smart features!!   (2) Simple and user friendly OS-Patchwall.                                        #Cons:- (1) No Google play services, so apps only install by side loading i.e. by using USB externally.   (2) No Bluetooth connectivity, so can't use Bluetooth connectivity like Wireless Bluetooth Headphones...                     #Conclusion :- if you want to spent less money and want maximum features benefit then without any doubt go ...READ MORE",5.0
Tv clearty is awesome and connectivity is hassel free just in seconds it is connected with mobile. Mi led tv is better and in less price u will get a paisa vassol deal and thanks flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"The T.V. is very good and the panel used in this is also very good. It has bright and vivid colours and clarity is also amazing. The sound from T.V. is also great it has decent bass and good clarity. The only problem in this is of connectivity, it's not like that it's too bad but if you connect it from net then you'll find some problems. Otherwise this T.V. is amazing and is definitely the bang for the buck.READ MORE",5.0
"TV quality is good, jiotv is not working good but with dth is extraordinary. WiFi access is very good. It works good with Xiaomi smart phone interfacing apps like screen casting. Worth for money. Below 25k it is a budget tv.READ MORE",4.0
Best LED at Rs - 23k.Only thing you should have a high band with internet connection to enjoy every bit with this .Installation guy from Jeeves was so humble and descent .READ MORE,5.0
"Definetly one of the best product available at this price. No complains till now. I am not very happy with the installation though. Proper demo was not given,  the person hurriedly explained things without really explaining them.  However,  he prompted the rating that he wished in the feedback cal.READ MORE",4.0
very good product in this price and sounds great locks. great wait so light remote was so impressedREAD MORE,5.0
I have 4 led at my home of different company but it is cheapest and best one in this range.hands off to all engineers of MI production.READ MORE,5.0
"After use for whole month.Completely satisfied with the trust i have with MI.Installation done immidate next i recieve TV. I have'nt wall mounted TV so it was very easy and fast procedure and within 5-10 min you can enjoy watching your content.Patchwall UI also make it more smart.Display quality was great,Sounds nice and viewing angle also bit ok.I find it good puchase in this rangeREAD MORE",4.0
excellent tv . very good picture quality..... good sound quality. very good connectivity.READ MORE,5.0
Pros: 1. Great value for money 2. Patchwall(UI) is not bad at all 3. One of the lightest TVs around 4. Flexibility to side-load whatever apps you want 5. Plenty of ports                                                      Cons: 1. HDMI connection with Laptop is faulty (annoyingly so or it could be an isolated case) 2. Picture quality could be better 3. Doesn't come loaded with apps or app store 4. Audio quality is mediocre at best                                                              ...READ MORE,2.0
At 14k we can't ask for more. A good buy and TV looks solid. Sideload few TV apps and you don't need a DTH if you have high speed WiFi. 1080p works ok - ok but it's best at 720p. Anything more it tends to drop the frames.READ MORE,5.0
"hi all. , this TV is ok according to price but picture quality is average , sound quality is excellent, it is not fully led TV ... ok . screen is very sensitive., becarefull with screen.ports r ok for every need. build quality ok . on time delivery by Flipkart. technician response is also nice from Jeeves.if u want picture quality good then u must put HD settop box.must otherwise u can't see face' in this TV.patchwall is excellent, easy to connect.you must take extended warranty bcoz panel co...READ MORE",3.0
Awesome product.. As compare to other brands this is best in all prospects.. Flipkart delivery very fast.. Installation in 4 hrs only by jeeves.. Best service..READ MORE,5.0
"superb quality product at this price....... It's a LCD TV with backlit LED, WHICH IS EQUIVALENT TO LED..... IN ANY ANGLE YOU CAN SEE THE PERFECT PICTURE..... GO FOR IT GUYS..... AND SOUND IS BEST, JUST LIKE YOU HAVE PROVIDED SEPARATE SPEAKERS.READ MORE",5.0
"Good TV,  Sound is Very Good.   Demo Team d't know how to use SMART TV future,  No wall mount Stand  , we have Purchase from Service team@Rs 500/- + installation Rs 500/- .Total 1000/- pay from our pocket. Other company's giving free both..READ MORE",4.0
"Just an average TV with this price range.Picture quality is of no competition with high end brands like LG, Sony, Samsung and all.The major disappointment of the TV is its picture quality and no availability of cursor control which comes with most smart TVs.Many apps becomes worthless due to the lack of cursor.Which is satisfactory is its price otherwise this TV is of no worth.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO GO FOR ANY HIGH END BRAND IF YOU REALLY WANT GOOD PICTURE QUALITY...MI is proving ch...READ MORE",3.0
Very nice LED smart  TV with alot of specifications with wowsome price never go for another one.  This product is very very very good.  And the very fast delivery 🚚  on committed time.  Never go for another one. Only buy MI TV and mi product MI every product is very nice.READ MORE,5.0
"This TV came home with clean pack without any damage thanks for that. Within 48hrs the TV was installed by the jeevas service provider along with demo. Demo was given completely, it could have been better if he has provided more details on screen mirroring, WiFi connection, USB connection and explained on other features with Live demo. It's alright I can understand that the person will be busy with his schedule.Screen mirroring is not possible from Lenovo K8+ though there is a option in mobi...READ MORE",4.0
Picture quality is good ( not excellent) but considering the price it's great.(7/10)Panel made of plastic(8/10)..looks premium if the outer plastic cover isn't peeled off.Just 3 months of free subscription is given for hungama play and Sony liv which is something I hate...it would have been much useful if it was a 6months free subscription.(7/10)Sound is pretty good...if a decent quality video is played.(9/10)The led backlit lcd screen doesn't look premium.....could have been much better....READ MORE,4.0
it is a worst smart tv I ever seen. without android smart tv not a smart tv like dabba ... guys I can't give a single star...but never any option.READ MORE,1.0
Best quality and its price is too good i suggest  you that if u are looking for a 43 inch samrt tv then it is the best product for uREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV in this price range.. Display and sound also great.. Excellent installation and delivery on time with such delivery person.. Great work by flipkart team.. Thanks..READ MORE,5.0
not recommended if Ur looking for good quality product. spend 3k to 5k more and get good quality durable product..READ MORE,2.0
"Nice TV. Deliverey is fast and safe. Installation  and demo by sai is very pleasant. I also included 2years extended warranty in my order,But executive mentioned I will receive the same to my main I'd. I need to check on that. overall I love it. that's to flipkart and team. budget friendly team, thanks to MI.READ MORE",5.0
"very nice product , easy installation , picture quality excellent , overall value for money , highly recommendedREAD MORE",5.0
nice TV super clarity .... awesome worth of money . thanks Flipkart.....READ MORE,5.0
nice and good Led smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Warranty Card Not Available.. Awesome Product... Worth buying.. Valuable money.. Fast delivery.. happy to bye..READ MORE,4.0
Great TV with best price...Flipkart as regular best in delivering productsTechnical support of engineer is also remarkable.READ MORE,5.0
Great product at this price range but the only problem is in YouTube streamingThe back button doesn't work well in YouTube but it works good in hotstar and other apps The other is the app can only be installed via USBREAD MORE,5.0
"Lot of apps not working properly youtube, hotstar.. No good tv app... But picture quality is impressive in this range.. All things are nice at hardware levelREAD MORE",5.0
Nice T.v.... good features at affordable prices. Got delivery on time. free installation.READ MORE,4.0
This TV feature is very good Quality product .i am use and seen . woking features are nice .sound quality is good as par quality .connectivity is also good. a miracast Wifi conectivity feature  use in smart mobile setting in Wireless display option give in smart mobile. no help any software use from google play.picture quality is good .full hd movie and mp4 movie seen very niceREAD MORE,4.0
"smart TV beginner should buy its economical and users friendly. flipkard delivered right next day of purchase and installation the next day of delivery.  it would be better if wall mount was part of the TV, as it cost 499.READ MORE",4.0
Nice tv good parpamens good look and good praicREAD MORE,4.0
"Flipkart delivery fast & installation service is also good.MI43 Led Tv AVG LED cum LCD smart TVAvg picture & sound quality , Wall mount should be free of cost . But this is chargeable Rs 499/  & remote battery cell also chargeable.READ MORE",4.0
"Good service from flipkart, timely delivery and installation done before scheduled time, thank you one n all who made this happen.... good picture and sound quality... i like it... dont hasitate to purchase no more option available currently in the market than this....READ MORE",5.0
"Installation is supposed to be free, but when I said I already have an old TV wall mount unit they said that it is mandatory to buy a new wall mount unit of 400 from us only then we provide free installation.This is not correct!No one should be made cumpolsary to buy anything under the term of free installation at least for new TV installation.Service people are just not ready to understand.READ MORE",1.0
Bang for Buck..Couple of sore points on the TV : No mute button on the remote. Volume isn't the best. but it works. otherwise in this range to get a smart TV is great job by MI. Flipkart service was very prompt and installation happened the same day..Without any fuss. overall a great experience with Flipkart. thank you guys !READ MORE,5.0
"Display is not that much great it is according to its price. I like the TV I got what I invested. Nice TV go for it, screen mirroring is also nice, I have installed patched mx player pro now i can play any video file, updated the TV firmware display feels much better now.READ MORE",4.0
A class by itself and the best available in the market for the price offered by flipkart. Awesome smart tv with clear graphics giving pleasurable viewing. The three hdmi ports help you to use it as computer monitor cctv monitor and smart tv all in one. An upgrade of software incorporating google play store will make it superbREAD MORE,5.0
The TV is so good the best price nice operating system good display qualityREAD MORE,5.0
it's nice product and worth for money.. also smart TV which we can connect Wify and browse YouTube channel.. Hangama also can connect.. overall performance is good.. installation part is quite disappointed.READ MORE,4.0
"Good quality for this price point. Colour reproduction not accurate and might need some tweaking. Must have a hd set top box or else picture quality is pathetic. This model doesn't support 4K resolution but manages to produce convincing results when 4K content is played. Speakers are of good quality. Major drawback is that Patchwall doesn't support Google play services, which means many apps like Skype, WhatsApp can't be used. Overall a good product for this price point. However can't compare...READ MORE",4.0
excellent TV in this Price & Branded Company too.I Loved it & thanks to Flipkart for delivering the TV in right & good condition. demo very worsteREAD MORE,5.0
"Even though in my house we use 3 xiaomi redmi and mia1 phones, i was sceptical to purchase TV online. But the offer price was tempting and i could not purchase due to flash sale.  Finally i got this TV.  This is not LED TV. LCD panel not IPS panel. Edge LED. Manufactured by TCL and imported by Xiaomi. Nice Packing. Fast delivery by flipkart ordered on 12 July and delivered to me in Chennai suburbs on 13th July. So fast. Great service.  Installation was on 14th July.  Great service. Better in ...READ MORE",5.0
"it is nice TV good quality, fast delivery all over good productREAD MORE",4.0
"OK Lets get started...! I bought the tv exactly at 4PM when the sale went live for the TV and i could order the TV on COD easily without any issues, The tv was delivered the next day by Flipkart executives with proper communication and in the desired timeslots. The tv was well-packed and there was no issue from the delivery end side by Flipkart now comes the installation part, People do complain that the installation is delayed for few days but that totally depends on the metropolitan regions...READ MORE",5.0
TV is Awesome and it's Led not lcd.. Its dled va panel. Its producing awesome sound on customisation and rest all features are OK for the price.READ MORE,5.0
actually it's not LED TV ITS LCD .I am giving this review after there months mi TV is good . Picture is  good sound loud but not clear while screen casting mobile the colours are not correct as in mobile again we  have to manually adjust the colours and tv should have Bluetooth option .the concern is it doesn't have inbuilt basic apps like you tube app store to download apps and the remote keys are not visible in low light because of its colour of keys and navigation s are same in colour .READ MORE,4.0
Excellent Product. I have gone to shops like Croma and Reliace - all they have showed me in this range was sh*t. After receiving the TV the installation was done on the same day and the performance of the TV is just fabulous and beyond what I was expecting. if you are planning to buy a 32inch Smart TV... your search should end here.READ MORE,5.0
"A great product for the price.Works more than expectations....Delivery is good and installation is remarkably good... Received call from the installation service provider as soon as the product was delivered... Good job Flipkart, Ekart and Jeevees... Hats Off... And about the product.... Wordless.... Thanks to MI...READ MORE",5.0
I would love to say in points..below:>It just got delivered within two days after ordering the product.>Sound quality is Good and Superb>Picture is also Fantastic but I recommend to use the High Definition (HD quality)>it just weights about 7.5kg>easy installation..We did it by ourself (though service engineer will install after next day of ur delivery)>It's worthy >Easy to connect to Mobile and wifi>Easy to connect to Hotstar and YouTube.>In built stabilizerand finally I say that i...READ MORE,4.0
Doesnt look like LED. Checked the stickers on the TV and it says LCD. Happy with  all other features. Wireless keyboard and mouse working fine and can use TV like a computer . Installed Aptoide app from pen drive. All popularly used apps is available in aptoide  store and all works well.READ MORE,4.0
"Hi, i was thinking about to purchase MI tv RA or vu 4k android tv. finally after watching one of the youtube review i successfully orderd mi tv 4a. smart feature in full HD good. better they give 4k 43 tv with less price like 25k to 27k.purchased on 16 th and received product on 18 th.very fast delivery.simple superb.pros:.good picture quality full hd.side load suitable app and enjoy, like you tube, movie HD, jio movies,aptitude tv, .Chrome works like charm with mouse..fast UI.main ...READ MORE",5.0
"kindly improve your delivery system. otherwise all the best product of this money . set some apps like hotstar , you tube , google .READ MORE",5.0
"And this time, I got lucky with the Flash Sale. Super cool features for the price. Flipkart has done a good job. They arranged for the installation and demo the same day. Only the packaging could have been better.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice tv in term of performance as well as stylish in this price range no any other brand compete with MI.........And once again very quick nd safe delivery by flipkart........Wany to gv more than 5 stars....READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome in time of delivery and installation from flipkart. Delivered in 36hrs after ordered and within 1hr completed the installation and demo.When comes to mi TV, its really awesome in this price and quality is also good. If you go same features in some other brands like Sony, Samsung or LG you have to pay more than 50k.Go for it guys its really excellent TV and dont look into negative reviews. I am 100% satisfied with this TV.READ MORE",5.0
Tv is in good in quality but installation  is very bad tv is delivered  in time but installation  is not done with in committed  time period.  Delivery  is on 13 july but installation  is not done on 20 july.    If you would  like to purchase  only tv than it's good but not do expectation  of installation  on time. Becase agency appointed  by flipcart is very bad.READ MORE,1.0
"Very good Picture QualityDont compare this with Sony, Samsung and LG Worth for this money.Basic smart tv. Not able to download app from storeREAD MORE",4.0
"Okay , first off all the tv with this price it's a great deal. It may not run 4k videos but in actual size it's gigantic . Sharpness and contrast are the best with this device . The only reason for giving a less start because of the installation facility . I am satisfied with the tvREAD MORE",4.0
wow just amazing suaparb pictures full hdr resulation stero soundand mostly 23000 rupe mai 43 inch smart tv just amazing 😃quick delivery great packagingREAD MORE,5.0
This Mi LED is good quality and worth for this prize and delivery with in two days but the Flipkart provide the JEEVES service centre is very poor because too much of consuming time for installation and demo 1 week later. otherwise this Mi LED TV is well .READ MORE,3.0
Product is good for this price with 1gb ram and 8gb internal memory comparing to others. If you want to buy smart tv with affordable you can go for this 32inch. But if you want more and more screen better go for VU . Comparing to VU all other technical features are low when you compare this with power packed.READ MORE,3.0
Best tv in the range with smart like remote and all other smart featuresREAD MORE,4.0
Perfectly excellent TV...enough ports for all attachments..using it as desktop monitor as well.... amazing experience of using computer on a big screen... sideloading of apps  is easy. remote is quite handy and smart... totally worth spending 23k.READ MORE,5.0
super like it very much pl. inform the mechanic for smart TV  wireless screen sharing hotstar video play star only audio hearing not vedio display sir. pl. correct it by your mechanic. Do it as early as possible. Thank you. on 24.7.18READ MORE,5.0
superb really nice product delivery is awesome thank you flipkart for fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
"TV is good. I like do shopping in Flipkart. Service is also good but he didn't help me to setup ""SETTOPBOX"".He said it is not his work.technician not helped regarding this.READ MORE",4.0
"Delivery was too fast infact I got TV on next day itself and on the same installation and demo took place.Within a single day delivery, installation and demo I appreciate Flipkart for such a wonderful service.Coming to the TV part it is worth the money...!!!READ MORE",5.0
"Best smart tv at affordable price. Excellent sound quality, Good picture quality, Super fast delivery and installation by flipkart. Mira casting works Seamlessly, YouTube and other apps working good. Thanks to Flipkart..READ MORE",4.0
I would like to thanks Flipkart for this great product everythings going smoothly..and best part was it's run like pc and very easy to operate.But only one request to flpkrt please upgrade os platform for Google play store and make available YouTube application for better interface.Otherwise you did great job.Pros.1.Picture quality superb2.easy interface3.nice surround sound4.compatible with any Android deviceCons.1.please make available Google play storeREAD MORE,4.0
Great product in this price with more than enough features. Loved it. As usual big fan of Mi products.READ MORE,5.0
it good led TV.  picture quality is superb it is in the budget.  it gives so much thing in 22999 price. if you are looking for new TV it will be suprebREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome product, works well, quality is good, my relatives also brought this product by seeing my TV, best technology in less price , it's bestREAD MORE",5.0
"Fully satisfied with quality of build. Picture and sound quality is good like a Sony,  Samsung and LG hd ready TVS.READ MORE",5.0
its awesome tv in this price range .its like a android phone and its smooth to run apps..it value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Recently, I have placed a ordered of MI LED smart TV 43 Inches through flip kart and product was delivered before given time and product was in excellent packing conditions and its working fantastic without any problem.READ MORE",5.0
"Incredible item in this price..Totally satisfied..What an awesome sound quality..##REALLY A SMART TV.And software is just type of smartphone..##NETFLIX,HOTSTAR,all web series ,all latest movies are available on your screen..You can go for it anywhere-anytime...Just connecting your TV with WiFi. ##packing must be done more better..and 2 pencil batteries must be supplied with packing..READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome TV with all internet features that a common man looks for. Satisfied with the same. However, remote does not have mute feature, no batteries provided for remote, Wall mount should be free as these are basic things nowadays. Overall, TV is awesome. There is no way to give rating as 4.5 and hence selected 4.READ MORE",4.0
Installation service is not good they tell the verbally and in very quick time just like bla bla.bla bla that's it give us 400 and installation done. Not even give remote to customer that press this button this is for that etc.  Just want to sell there other product like to and lcd remote both working in one remote we give you that gadgets and  etc etcREAD MORE,5.0
Mi led smart TV 43 is the best options and functions...go for it.. picture quality is gud.. sounds also good... worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
superb tv...i just love it .cast screen feature is my favourite....evrything work smooth . no lack. full hd video looks realy gud even 4k video play in it....must have tv...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent TV at this price range. Plays videos and smart capabilities are well in line. Mind-blowing purchase at this price range. Does all that a smart TV is supposed to do. Very happy with the purchase and would highly recommend this TV to be bought. Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Hiiii guys it's been a few days i have bought this tv online. I got it delivered on time but the delivery guy was a bit peculiar in his delivery and didnt know the location. Well after that  I had to wait for around 5 days before i got a call for installation. I had to also reach the customer care to nake them remind of installation. Anyways after a long wait the installation was done and the funniest part is that they have a feedback call in which the installation guy calls up to the survey ...READ MORE,5.0
"What a value for money product. i wasn't much confident before buying this TV but Mi has changed my view.Honest review after 10 days of intense usage.Pros :a) Adequate qualityb) Can install any app via Pendrivec) Any Android phone/tabled can be screen mirrored by MiraCast app.d) Easy to operate interface.e) Sound quality pretty good.f) Good viewing quallityg) Has lan port RJ 45 so can connect directly to Modem.Consa) Picture quality not as good as Sony, what what more you expect ...READ MORE",4.0
"Everything is good expect delivery , delivery man behavior is not good and also he forced me to take delivery from some other location he don't know how to talk with customer ( Installation is very Good )READ MORE",3.0
The product is very simple to use and with in a limited budget it has some nice features to offer. Most importantly it is Full HD and sound is also neat and crisp. not too loud. I am using Dish TV HD and HD channels are very clear as I am using HDMI cable for connectivity rather than the RYW wires previously used. if you are having a limited budget and want a large TV then prefer this. Buy Add on warranty along with TV. it's always better to be prepared for what's coming. don't forget.READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV.  Very good option in this price range. It has youtube hotstar and can be connected to any smart phone.(other than MI phones as well)READ MORE,5.0
"What a great service I am too happy, After delivery the TV within 1hr TV installed (Same day) great picture great sound and also great service Thank you Flipkart Value for 💰 😊👌👍Installation and Demo service provided by Jeeves is Awesome....Guys go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Value for moneyIt is one of the excellent budget smart TV from Xiaomi.It provides decent picture sound quality as per price range.Smart TV functionality is impressive. User Interface works like our mi smart phone.READ MORE,4.0
Good product and super fast delivery and installation . You guys are awesome team flipkart .READ MORE,5.0
"Amazing Product..Great Value for Money..There is no other smart T.V which offers all these features in this price rangeHowever, it does not officially support Netflix(u can install it though)Struggled A bit with buying this product as it was only available on flash sale.It also has direct WiFi casting compatibility with xiomi phonesTo conclude, It's the best option for 32 inch T.V at lower price range. U should totally go for itREAD MORE",4.0
"PROS - reasonably priced, good sound, multiple ports; CONS - the wall mount is not free, small remote with only 4 buttons dedicated to control the TV (rests are meant for internet features), cannot mute, change aspect ratio directly with one press, the content providers provide the free movies only for 10 minutes, and not free as claimed by the companyREAD MORE",4.0
it's LCD...it should be LED .... clour combination are not good as that of led .READ MORE,1.0
amazing TVbut wireless display not work properly in HD videoalso HD movie sound not play when playing movie with pendrivemay be MI tV not support all audio formats.....READ MORE,5.0
Very Good tv in budget all options are working fine as well mirror sharing is very cool. I also apriacited Flipkart service & installation as per commitment they had done so one more time satisfactory product from Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
very nice tv to watch good picture quality good sound value for money in this price so many features  we can't get  in any other brand excellent tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product but need to have built in apps like you tube, voot n etc. Also need to provide AAA batteries along with cable at least HDMI. About Flipkart faced lot of issues for installation follow up. For wall mount ₹399 taken by engg but bracket is not value for money as only 3 metal rods- 1 horizontal & 2 vertical... It should be free by default.READ MORE",4.0
I bought and using mi 43 led TV .TV performance is outstanding at its price range.Picture clarity and sound quality are  much better.If you want to enjoy its performance you must take HD set top box. Then you can enjoy its performance.Flipkart service too good at delivery and installation.Mi is trend setter in high values at low cost.READ MORE,5.0
Hi Flipkart thank for mi LED TV.thz TV I bought for my in-laws .the best part is we don't need any other digital connection it's pre installed aaps give u All in one experienceREAD MORE,5.0
SUPerb ...amazing...excellent ....This Mi Led is looking beautiful.wonderful Sound. I love this mi Led design and performance in this price 22999.Thanku Flipkart And Mi .....The qurier service from Gati company is very sad...They refuse to delivery in my village .READ MORE,5.0
"Best TV you can get at this price. Only the remote should have mute button though,struggled to make the sound zero,else everything else is super smooth till now. Thanks MI to make this segment affordable.Flipkart service was really quick.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent TV at this cost and I got it for my Mom and she seems to be happy. The delivery happened in 2 days from order placement and the very next day they went for installation and demo for free of cost. Xiaomi is the Apple of Middle class :-) Great job MI and great job Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
I don't know when it will updated to Bluetooth connectivity!READ MORE,5.0
"Mi Led have best feature than any other brand.Less price than other brand.Mi led is not led but full too your mobile.Mi led in built you tube screen mearring and dts 10 watt 2 sounds, wi fi, hotstar, 3usb,3hdmi, I am happy perchase to mi led tv. Kam dam badhiya kam Super class one..READ MORE",3.0
Dear Sir now iam Booking LED  TV  Your Send LCD TV  Why . other wise TV is GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"My mi installed 5th July,  delivery little late but after Installation I was happy bcoz sound and Picture quality, connectivity is also good but no bluetooth, miracast and Wi-Fi overall performance much better like 4GB processor. Installation service was poor and explained as good, but you tube help me lot. thanks mi and flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
i love mi tv super thank you Flipkart i love FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
best led this price fast deliver and also install perfectlyREAD MORE,5.0
"I Reacently purchased The MI TV ,It is Fantastic TV with  all features in less price. I really appreciate the Flipkart service they  are giving better service to customer  . First I received TV with damaged condition, So Is requested for Replacement   With in 20 days I got new TV and installation done . now it's working good . Overall Nice TV , Flipkart and Jeeves  they given better service. Thank youREAD MORE",5.0
value for money. good led tv i really enjoy. best buy. fast installation in PalakkadREAD MORE,4.0
"awesome Tv i have purchased best ..ever i have compared any tv..Thomson ,vu, and lote more ..but this is best one ..tnx miREAD MORE",5.0
wow amazing product but plastics r cheap other than that all the specifications r good volume is also good and it's works moree than a  smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
The colour output of the Mi tv is not crisp. The TV flactuates the brightness while watching any content which shifts from dark to bright which usually don't happen in an LED TV. The features being offer in the context of smart TV is really good but Poor built quality as well as poor output quality can be noticedREAD MORE,1.0
I am very happy to purchase this TV... Nice TV super fast delivery thank you...READ MORE,4.0
Very nice smart tv very good connectivity and picture quality and good color balance. value for money....READ MORE,4.0
Good Delivery service and installatie. Excellent picture and sound quality. My mobile does not supporting mirrorshare please help. I could not purchase extended warranty at the time of purchase. Please avail it after sell purchase.READ MORE,4.0
"on time delivery , installation was done next day, the response from installation guy is good, reg mi tv 1. good picture quality2. sound quality can be improved 3. overall it is value for moneycan provide few usefull apps like chrome, playstore etc, not able to connect to my mobile via usbREAD MORE",4.0
"First of all it is not a LED it is a LCD it will mention only in tv sticker but they advertising as LED in flipkart. Clarity was bad, the images looks like water color painting.  DissatisfactionREAD MORE",1.0
"fantastic product by mi, there are lot of comments on that mi manipulate people by saying that this is led but there were written on panel that this is lcd but mi provide specific note on box that this is the led with lcd panel. so don't think that mi manipulate anyone..btw this is the amazing product in the range of 14k❤..go for it..READ MORE",5.0
Fantastic at this price range. Very very best deal. Flip kart fast delivery and the fast instalation was surprised me.READ MORE,5.0
awesome led TV in very low cost. like it & love it.READ MORE,5.0
"Mi tv 4 is good one at this price. Picture quality is perfect, sound is perfect, i dint have YouTube in built in this, any way i can install from outside. I would like to recommend for everyoneREAD MORE",5.0
The black is more of a g r a y and TV 32 inch is not worth it have tried it has all the features of Smart TV and as per the cost this TV is value for moneyIs colour would have been that I would have loved itREAD MORE,4.0
In the sticker it's return lcd so please tell me that it is led or not N ookkk clarity but all over its goodREAD MORE,4.0
"nice TV, good picture quality and good sound.. plus smart TV! you can't compare it to Samsung or Sony.. but its value for money!READ MORE",5.0
wow I'm so impressed it's so good I'm happy...         thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good dilvary in flifkart superb led smart tvREAD MORE,4.0
"Actually my husband suggest the TV. Beginning I am not that much interested. The price also dam cheap. I bought the MI tv in the month of May. I used the TV  three months completely then only I wrote this review. When they told the correct time they delivered the TV. The MI tv is good. The service also good. Correct time the engineer came and installed the TV. The picture quality is excellent. The sound quality., the remote etc., everything is good. There are many features. Personally I like ...READ MORE",5.0
Perfect LED TV for 14k.. Good Job Mi.. Class performance. Patch wall is doing the right job.. Video quality and audio quality is perfect.READ MORE,5.0
"perfect tv for our budget nice quality, performance is great and conectivity nice perfect for our home and a 5 star deserving tvREAD MORE",5.0
Big thanks to MI developers to bring the Budget TV for Mid range People.Very good performance and good clarity in HD channels..USB Side load option was too good compared to other brands.READ MORE,5.0
As compared to other LED is good but smart tv not working properly.live youtube not working properlyREAD MORE,3.0
loved the TV.. sharp display.. good build.. easy to navigate controls.. sound is slightly on lesser side but this is definitely not a deal breaker considering the price to quality ratioREAD MORE,5.0
"Its like the best product considering this price range. Even if the price is not considered, the software experience is on a way next level compared to any other smart tv available in the market even on double the price.READ MORE",4.0
Quality very good for the price. Satisfied. But dont compare with sony. Screen mirroring works like a charm. Difference between sony and MiSharpness / Brightness in Mi not as good as Sony.Software is not good. Thats not a problem. Get a Fire stick.READ MORE,5.0
"Pros : Its 70% Android TV.. you can install android apps .. It doesn't support Google playstore but similar kind of app stores apps are available.. you can also install APK file from pendrive..  Sound is good.. Cons: picture clarity is AVG..but ok for that price, but if you watch 1080p movies then it's not less than full hd TV..READ MORE",5.0
Good Budget Tv.. it's LED Smart HD ready tv not full HD or 4k . Sound and picture quality ok.READ MORE,4.0
Mi tv is Awesome picture quality is superb  but sound quality is not so good with internal speakers i tried connecting with creative 2:1 and enjoyed awesome sound effects  wifi connectivity youtube and hotstar are superb i say paisa vasool.READ MORE,4.0
hd ready display mid range Picture Qualitylight weightgood sound Qualityandroid base TV all support apps my Favorite feature is Mira-cast best..Thank you Mi Best Product Provideing in Mid Rang Budget..READ MORE,5.0
"its been more than 5 months i have been using this tv,its a great deal, speakers are loud but not clear when it comes to watching movie,no bluetooth so no wireless speaker or any other device, does not have gapps but aptoid is cool,some apps would need mouse for that you can use 2.4g wireless mouse + keyboard* via usbsound modes dont have much of differencetv remote  coverage is not good , 8 steps away from tv and it stops working.no mic ,so no commands to tv.does support miracast an...READ MORE",4.0
"I received product on time with installation. I already using other non branded led tv and in Mi tv, video quality less then it with poor colour production. sound is good then my old led tv. They also not providing wall mount stand or air mouse. other non branded tv providing at low price then mi tv. For better picture view , choose another led tv. Don't rely on positive review. I put my mi tv on sell and looking for other brand tvREAD MORE",3.0
"Awesome features.. Worth buying.. U can connect your phone thru wireless settings and check whatever you want, it will be displayed on the TV screen. Plus the TV has trash cleaner options which is usually seen in phone.. It gives your TV the option to run smoothly.. I liked the product.. Must buy..READ MORE",5.0
Product is pretty good and affordable for buying this smart tv currently in this tv we have YouTube and Hotstar only and remaining apps company need to tie up so we can insert pendrive can connect wifi and can connect smartphone and cant connect apple phone So totally it is an good product can buy all of youREAD MORE,4.0
nice TV good picture clarity it is a budget tv. very affordable for middle class peoples.READ MORE,4.0
So far its good experience...just started using it for actual response I need to used for at least 6 months...I have had lots good reviews from my friends and that the reason I thought I should buy it...As per price it is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
guys it's not LED TV it's a LCD tv but flipkart people had mentioned that it is LED tv  other than this the product is goodREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome SMART tv at this price i didn't notice any cons on this tv till date .. tv runs super smooth and display is also good considering at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"I was worried before Buying But after using this product, this is one of the best TV available in that price Range.Yes, its not like Sony/LG/Samsung which comes inbuilt with Play store, Youtube, and all. But we can instal the required software via apk.Apart from this, sound clarity is Good. Overall I am very satisfied with the product.READ MORE",4.0
Ordered on friday received on Saturday.  Nicely packed and delivered on time. It was a good expeeience. It comes with a stylish remote but the only problem is login with remote keys you need to type your email and password which is a mess.Rest works fine. Everything well. Very light weight and i would suggest if you are waiting for it eagerly keep two aaa size battery handy for the remoteREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent in this price range ,picture quality is good but not as expected as its resolution is ""1366 x 768"" Sound Quality is goodyou can install apk files my personal experience when i saw from far distance the picture quality seems goodREAD MORE",3.0
I like the tv it's very good to see and the audio is very nice and I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
very good TV at this given price. satisfied with the delivery and packaging of the product. although the material is totally made of  plastic so it is very light weight. installation was also good and responsive. must but if you want to change your old LCD TV to LED.READ MORE,5.0
"its not LED, it's LCD TVpurchase the mi tv from flipkart with thought of LED TV.  it was on COD basis.Received the TV from transporter, therefore had to pay it without opening. had no choice to see whether TV is ok or not. installation service engineer came within 2 days from the delivery. only he was first authorised to open the box. when it was opened by him, there came a big surprise in front its written LCD TV. now getting clarification from flipkart regarding"" We would like to inform ...READ MORE",1.0
"nice TV, good delivery. quality is not enough but good in this budget.READ MORE",4.0
Such a fantastic tv at such a great price is a dream come true for everyone . You'll not get any smart tv better than this at such a priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Giving Review after one month use of MI Led Smart 32 In this Price Range the product have prosFine Sound quality, fine internet surfing,good interface,less price, color saturation is averageconsPoor Picture quality in selling ad they said it's a Led Tv but in reality it is LCD TV...And Mira cast is not works fine ...Connectivity issues And we can't say anything about durability...But overall it's a good product in this price range ...if you want to get a Smart tv in less price than go...READ MORE",4.0
Super smart TV.. Can be paired with Xiaomi mobiles which is great.. 43 inch TV seems to be the best among the three modelsREAD MORE,5.0
"I was very excited for Mi Tv. Finally excitement ended.I got it.I'm impressed by fast delivery.Mi Tv is perfect Smart Tv .It is amazing...especially high speed internet,hd videos,gaming & it's over all structure made me crazy.I think this is best Smart Tv ..thanksREAD MORE",5.0
"Very good quality as compared to the other smart TV available in the market of same range. The design is superb, sound quality is good along with the picture quality.READ MORE",5.0
"it's good at this price, features are enough to call it smart TV.if you are not looking to invest much on other brands ,go for it.READ MORE",4.0
"It's great service by Flipkart that they deliver the such delicate item safely.       And ofcourse the television by Mi is a masterpiece. It's a value for money. However they equipped this Model of smart TV with maximum advanced functions. Screen resolution n Colors are pretty good. Connectivity is quite good. Overall performance is above 4.5 stars. I'm satisfied with this product.    My one n only query is, the remote. Wish the company could have provided the traditional remote. Because th...READ MORE",5.0
Picture good Sound good Colors combination smart All rounder overall nice@ I want to know about my tv's warranty as up to dateREAD MORE,4.0
"Mixed feelings for the TV. Would start by saying it's a good buy at 22k. Few points would like to share:Pros1. Cost2. Clarity is goood3. Sound is good4. Remote is designed very specifically to give an ease to user. 5. Has 5GB of internal storage after system file being loaded. 6. Good enough softwares to install and use them. Go for Aptoide TV for softwares. 7. Mi phones can be connected, used as remote and screen sharing is very very easy. Wireless connection for Mi phones is a very ...READ MORE",4.0
best smart TV in this range and honestly a good hd display with a great surround sound .READ MORE,5.0
really good tv.. however delivery and installation was delayed... but since the performance and feature is really good I am happy with Flipkart for providing this to customers... 😊👍🏼✌️READ MORE,4.0
best tv in price super sound and best movie experience very good tv lovely tv tq MIREAD MORE,5.0
This is a great TV for the budget segment. All things work just great.and the smart tv feature is very well organized.READ MORE,5.0
"Best led smart tv on this range, Thanks Flipkart Fast Delivery Fast Installation.READ MORE",4.0
loved the product a very good led tv at this price range.... a great competition for the market.....READ MORE,5.0
good tv but the colour is not so good but overall the tv is best in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
The TV was delivered as promised. The installation was a rescheduled twice to next day but was eventually done in an efficient and smooth manner. Still testing various features but first opinion it ticks all the right boxes and is a good purchase. Cannot mirror iPhone though. Sound quality and display quality both are good.READ MORE,5.0
"The packaging was really good..And talking about the tv omg it is an awesome tv at this price.. super picture quality support all android apps, everhone must buy itREAD MORE",5.0
"it is my second product of Mi , and to be honest in 23K you just cant find anything better then this , jio apps , hotstar, youtube everything just works flawlessly in it if anyone having problem in hotstar,jio cinema , jio tv or nees suggestions of more apps you can mail me up at dheerajpareek10 , i will be happy to help.READ MORE",5.0
super Mi led TV love it & like it.....READ MORE,5.0
With this price its really awesome.2.Build quality gd.3.picture quality awesome if the content is HD.4.Patchwall awesome and smooth while navigation.5.Sound quality gd.6.Installation quite simple.7.Micast works fine but it does not work with samsung and Motorola phn it seems.Hopefully they will fix that in next update.8.Mi should provide atleast 2 remote battries and wall mount stuff.Over all with this price there are no 2nd thought go for it.For me Delivery done in time and installa...READ MORE,5.0
wonderful picture quality amazing quality such a good product in this price better than other low budget smart tvs works totally fine good product very good built up quality. Just loved it ❤❤ i will definitely recommend people to buy this tv ...READ MORE,5.0
Best product in affordable prize but the picture quality on youtube is only 720p supportedREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart is Love.😍😍😍😍 Ordered On 3 July Delivered On 6 July Installation And Demo within 2 Hour of Delivery.. Thumbs Up for Such A Fast Service In My City.. (Bareilly U.P.) Coming To MI TV LED 32InchBest For The Budget Tv High Resolution TvScreen Mirroring Is Love 😍😍Sound Excellent Picture Quality Fabulous.In Love With MI ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
"Fast delivery, quick installation, Clear picture, clarity is very good,  sound is very very good.  Prime is very very very goodREAD MORE",5.0
Good product at affordable price... totally worth of money only in13999 ...Awesome picture quality.. or let's see how much days it work like that....READ MORE,4.0
"A most buy TV in this price range, surely you gonna praise MI for it's awesome built-in quality and hardware. The TV is a complete package of sound and picture quality that u would like to have on your beautiful wall. I personally would recommend this TV if u r looking for same size and price range. Simply awesome. Just go for it.READ MORE",5.0
The product is worth for the money spent. It comes with one year warranty and you can get 2 years extended warranty just for Rs 1280/-. The wireless display feature is quite good but doesn't work with some apps.(works with youtube but not with sony liv or jio tv). The sound when connected to the speaker through the aux cable was not up to the expectation. It is much better when  I connect to my Mi note 4 mobile. The sound of TV is ok.One major disadvantage is that you cannot install any apps ...READ MORE,4.0
"The T V Mi LED is extremely good, clarity is xellent & v r proud to have it.READ MORE",5.0
Best Possible ReviewDisplay-8/10 contrast ratio is not the best. Blacks are not perfect black. Sound-7/10 very very loud. but no dolby atmos means not crystal clear.Smart- Best in market in this price segment.User Interface is good but no shortcuts.Miracasting is best feature. no delays.READ MORE,4.0
"good Smart TV at this price range. Picture quality is good. it supports most of the file formats for motion pictures. An excellent remote, that enable all functions with minimum keys. Handy.3HDMI ports, 2 USB ports and wifi connectivity makes it really smart. This 32 inch tv not comes with Dolby sound feature. but sound clarity is ok. Patchwall provides good android interface. less weight, better plastic body. trendy design. recommend tv for living room.on time delivery by flipkart...READ MORE",5.0
This is best television but the picture quality of hd channels are not so good it's look like that there is a painting like object!!READ MORE,3.0
really gud one for this price...keep going MI and flipkart done superb fast delivery..but act internet free is not available ..I have contact them 3 times still I have not received any response worstREAD MORE,5.0
"it was really good product and all android app is working very well , thank for flipkart , mi tv is really smart and fastREAD MORE",2.0
"Bought this tv two weeks back... Loved it, quality is good (not great) if looked at its price... MAJOR ISSUE - WORST AFTER SALES SUPPORT - Lost my remote control, called customer support they said visit to service center and you can buy it... went there, they said go to MI store, went there they said we dont have it you and pitched me to buy some mi phone worth 6k to control tv with that... Now its been a week i am struggling for remote and tv is of no use without remote, cant do any thing ex...READ MORE",1.0
"Awesome smart TV in this budget...Good video and audio quality,include many features..Delivery and installation service is also perfect.I'm happy with this product.Strongly recommend to allREAD MORE",5.0
"bang value for money, audio output is far superior over what I had expected...only unable to Come mobile over it, though it has Miracast, doesn't work on my phone. image clarity with good quality print is phenomenalREAD MORE",5.0
"Product: Best Smart TV for the price Range, again MI proved why its Indias Best Brand.Flipkart: Delivered on time. WishMaster didn't Check the product before hand overing me the TV. Overall Experience: 4🌟READ MORE",4.0
love it totally... mirror cast is amazing... best smart TV at very minimal price range. delivered the next day itself and installed immediately. worth buying. only thing is we have to buy wall mount separately.READ MORE,5.0
"Received TV as per time & date requested. Excellent on this side. But on service point, to whom they have authorized i.e. Jeeves are inefficient. I am waiting sine July  02 & nobody is coming. Even I spoke to their customer service but without remedy. Even you are surprised to know that they themselves change the date of installation schedule which was already fixed by this company without informing you & imagine you have left all your work & are waiting at home for full day thinking that the...READ MORE",1.0
"Rajesh Kumar was a superb hands on executive sent. I could have rated 10 if I had that ratings.Amazing Skills, Terrific Teacher And A Very Gentle Speaking Person.Had A Great Experience In The Installation Of My Product!Thank you!READ MORE",5.0
Really super and smart Mi TV i love it .patchwall super only one think please upgrade Mi OS which very important play storeREAD MORE,5.0
please buy the product on your own risk.the simple reason as to why i am saying this is the after sale service is worst.the tv was installed and demo was given however later to my realization i noticed that the tv was installed a bit tiltedthen the mission to get a engeneer and calling the customer care begings and going on. however the tv is good features and specifications are amazing only one star for the after sale service.READ MORE,1.0
Value for money. Additional warranty helps to run TV for minimum 4 years (MI 2 + Flipkart 2). Able to get many Smart TV's advanced options comparing to other leading brands in lesser cost. Very fast delivery (1 day) & same day installation and demo.There is no Dolby system option in sound system. Need help on this.READ MORE,4.0
"very good ,value for money...mira cast function is not supported with honor 7X smartphone.othervise overall Very good .READ MORE",4.0
TV is good as of now. FULL HD TVs doesnt fetch good picture quality with ordinary cable connection.HD channels are looking great.My old LCD tv looked great with all non HD channels.Sound quality is good.Remote is awesome.User friendly. Worth buy only.Mirror casting is fine.READ MORE,4.0
nice good product with this price. Except stand all r good. they should have provide strong stand for this kind of smart tvsREAD MORE,4.0
"It's an Awesome TV from Mi. Good Features. There could be an manual for its operations. Little stability issues, we have to wait for updates. Not all audio formats support. I have used this more than 10 days, all in all just go for this. Thanks to Flipkart and OmnitechRetail for on time delivery and good packing. Also thanks to the Demo and Installation team. This time the technician is superb.READ MORE",5.0
Untill you have good picture quality content to play on this tv this looks super crisp and beautiful.But when you switch to any non he channels you will feel totally opposite of all mentioned above. Viewing angles are super dope . The TV is more greyer than I expected means the black level is not good.READ MORE,5.0
it's an excellent product with reasonable price.sound system is excellent I am in love with it.READ MORE,5.0
awesome product! thanks flipkart for delivering within 24 hours. and installation on the same day. great going flipkart.. love mi tv.. within range product. picture quality and sound is very good. can connect with phone also. hotstar youtube all are working..READ MORE,5.0
The all new mi tv 4A 43inch is extremely superb and classyit has all those cool features that you can't get in any tv of this size in this particular price point..the delivery was perfect but the installation person came after 30 hrs but did the installation well..Over all a very good sound quality and display is amazingloved the tv and its 10 on 10READ MORE,5.0
brightness and contrast is very poor . kindly think before buy..while being as a smart tv and connectivity is superb and with IR BLASTER your dth connection also look like smarr performance ...over all 23000 value for money for 43inch slil tv and bazels are really very thin flagship like modelREAD MORE,2.0
"I booked this TV on 29 Jun 2018 (Friday) and it got delivered to me on 01 Jul 2018 (Sunday). The installation was done on 02 Jul 2018 (Monday) by a service engineer from Jeeves Consumer Services.So, using this TV for the last 2 days and let me give my reviews about the product.PROS1) Rs.22,999/- for a 43” Smart TV is undeniably value for your money.2) Picture quality is ok.3) Patchwall OS is good with loads of content.4) Speaker quality is mediocre. Can’t expect more from a 20W speak...READ MORE",5.0
"Mi LED Smart TV 4A 43 inch is an excellent television with best smart TV features and amazing picture quality. It is indeed and experience and worth its cost. Mi TV is surely competition to big brands like Sony, Samsung, LG, Panasonic etc. Hope the after sales service is better too.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product mi smart TV  I m. So. Happy purchases and. Cost very smart thanku mi  and filipkart ummmmaREAD MORE,4.0
Wonerful tv.. Worth of money... Good and clear sound quality... Awesome display clarity... Very happy to bought this TV..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product at competitive price. Sound quality is too good. At 25k MI has delivered a superb smart TV.Worth buying.READ MORE,5.0
"After 4 days of use:awesome smart TV in this range.1. working perfectly with wifi2. No backlash while switching between multiple app3. The picture quality is good with vide angle view.4. Simple interface just like mobile phone5. slim and perfect designcons:1. For full enjoyment, you need MI Mobile or IR Supported mobile2. Sound Quality is okay but not a perfect oneREAD MORE",5.0
"very impressed with flipkart and jeeves installation service.  i received tv on time and got installed on the same day . The only issue i have is that the IR blaster should have been supplied by the installer , but that was not the case. Tv works well and i m sure that within the price range it is the best product.READ MORE",4.0
"Be aware..NO refund policy if your product not meeting your quality standards/ delay in installation.In NCR its been 15 days NO installation despite daily commitments, NO REFUND POLICY, TV QUALITY IS  average...Be-aware of  FAKe reviews...product also not come with the screws required for wall mount and remote is without battery. I hv to go to.market to.procure both overall not as per expectations and Flipkart soon will be going to close as they are loosing customer faith by not providin...READ MORE",1.0
TV is good ....only problem.. doesn't have it's own playstore u have install apps through pendrive which is hectic.....also if u buy 43 inch ot looks good ...but the 32 inch one is a bit smaller than 32 ...its around 30...other than this it's a perfect smart LED TV......for it's price it is better than most of the TV's out there ....READ MORE,4.0
I really had a delightful purchase experience the product was delivered with 48 hours and within 24 hrs of delivery the installation was completed.The Mi Tv 100% worthfull for price we paid awesome picture and sound quality smart tv works wellREAD MORE,5.0
"This product is really awesome. Dilevary and Installation is so fast. Features like User interface, Picture Quality and Sound System is really awesome. Only concern is no inbuilt apps. Everything we have to manually install. Best price worth product ever in market. I would surely recommended this TV who want to enjoy smart Tv within low budget.READ MORE",5.0
"Great look, awesome features which work flawlessly and great service by Flipkart for delivery and installationREAD MORE",5.0
Not good remote to work as TV. Other things are well & easy to useREAD MORE,3.0
A good smart tv in a reasonable price with good sound however the contrast ratio seems to lack colour depth.READ MORE,4.0
Sach a beautiful product Please take it for one more smile in our life after using mi tv According to price a great dealREAD MORE,5.0
Worth it to buy. It's an amazing smart TV. So far so good let see how it goes. Sound is amazing.READ MORE,5.0
"This Tv is awesome , fantastic in this price segment..Delivery of this Tv is very fastInstallation process is so fast and This mi Tv is smarter than smart...READ MORE",5.0
"As a TV it's good... No questions asked... Smart features are not really useful... Most of the features are connect d to Sony live. Even though it's a android TV, we do not have play store that means you cannot download all the apps that r there in play store. Not more useful as a smart TV. Price wise it's the TV.READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome TV . Best TV available in the price range. Service engineer takes some time for to arrive for installation. Setup was easy. Side loading apps works well as it has patch wall os has no store. YouTube app in the TV installed was somewhat buggy, but sideloading was helpful in this case. Connectivity was good. Sound is good but since it is provided on bottom somewhat noise arises. Picture quality was excellent. In my opinion the name Mi says it all . Just go for it.READ MORE",5.0
"Tv is like an average one, Connectivity takes too much time. Picture quality is good as compared to other tvs, But you cannot watch movies in full screen( some movies or channels) Im watching TV by expanding the ratio. i find it value for money. its an good budget tv. you can go for it if you have One medium size hall or room.READ MORE",4.0
Its a smart LCD tv not LED tv. I am giving 3star bqs delivery was not proper on time.READ MORE,3.0
"Mind bowing Purchase..😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀I am so happy this product, thank u very much Fkrt..for timely delivery n installations.After 01 week our deep review..Performance 💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯Sound  💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯Display quality  💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯We recommend for purchase this product thru..Fkrt....READ MORE",5.0
"I bought MI43” TV on last sale.Flipkart is excellent (5/5) in case of Delivery and installation.Picture quality and Sound is Very Good on TV. Option for setting the default input is very good.MI Remove is beautiful and handy :)There is no HDMI cable in the packet, sadAdditional apps installation only through pen drive,sadREAD MORE",4.0
"Im writing review on the second day user experience, Best Television at low price compared to any other television. Online tv channals are fine better than normal dish tv channels we get more HD.READ MORE",5.0
"Best tv on this price. sound quality is good, network connection is very good , smart function work very well. Picture quality little bit disappointed. excellent service by flipkart only 4 days  to be delivered and same day installed by Installation team through flipkart.READ MORE",4.0
"good product service good courier DEMO and INSTALLATION on time after very supportive TECHNICIANquality best in this price NEW featured Remote also have new designdid not confirm name on call at time of openingcasual on callincomplete notescasual on call, not attentive on call and, incomplete notes not mention that self serve has given and do not inform him rrn number. fatalcurtsy words fatal in tagging because he raised complain from self serve and she tag in refund status in...READ MORE",5.0
Its really smart tv. One of the best feature is the remote simple robust and handy . Very smooth design and an intuitive softwareREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product money for product good quality and sound very fast delivery and installation with in same day of delivery delivery taken two days. Installation is fee of cost but technician taken 500rs to install wall mountREAD MORE,5.0
"The Best Smart 32inch Tv in this price Range as compared to all the other leading Brand,Delivery was on time But ordered after a huge waiting time due to Flash sale Stock out Problem.READ MORE",1.0
India best value for money LED TV picture and sound quality super connectivity also very good. Flipkart service amazingREAD MORE,5.0
best price compare to other product. picture & sound quality is good worth for the money. connectivity was awesome thanks flipkart for the perfect product. I given five ratings for my self.READ MORE,5.0
"I use this product last 10 days ,this is awesome everything is good  ,picture quality is very good graphics are so good I think this price rate this is the nice productREAD MORE",5.0
excellent TV ....work very nice and fluid. but one bug display pixel not good on common set top box . so for better display experience must buy 32 inch TV or install HD set top box.READ MORE,4.0
Very good tv at this price. Delivery on time. Installation done after two hours of delivery. Sound quality is very good. Picture quality is also good. Cast screen working fine with redmi note 4. But not working with moto g4 plus. Cast screen not available for jio tv app.READ MORE,4.0
just don't worry about all other comments..like not good that this and all..it's really a very good product in that prize . just give it a try you're gonna love itREAD MORE,5.0
I got mi led 32 inches within 4 days excellent delivery awesome product but some times picture has been hide for 10 secondplz improve and updateafter 1year see more lining on screenit's masure problemREAD MORE,4.0
Good product best picture quality best product for budget all video formats easy to play and good sound quality auto updates are workingREAD MORE,5.0
TV is just awesome. It is very easy to installation and if you have Mi phone then casting is very easy to do. No need of Chromecast. Picture quality is too good. Delivery services as well as installation and demo provided by flipkart is very much appreciable. Online TV purchase is really too good.READ MORE,5.0
tv ok but it may be better if some built-in apps are there especially chrome browser.picture clarity not much better but sound okREAD MORE,5.0
Display quality is very good ..sound is not that much as compared to other top brands ... Overall it's a very good package for 14kREAD MORE,4.0
MI LED TV 32inch smart Led after using 2months 1.good smart feature.                                                        2. Average Display.                                                                 3. light weight.                                                                        4. Budget 📺 TvREAD MORE,3.0
"Very much convince for its great picture(HD) and mind-blowing sound. If you adjust picture manually with right percentage of brightness,  contrast, sharpness the picture would be beautiful. Smart action through WiFi like playing Jio tv, hotstar, movies are flow less. Don't hesitate, go for Mi 43"". 👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
"Good picture quality and useres friendly product...but one disadvantage is that some apps may not be supported to this device especially jio music, i could not able to open jio music because the device is not supported with google play service, the mi company shall provide that google play service in thier next software updation it is use full for all existing customers...and like that jio tv also , jio tv is now available in the aptoid tv is the cracked version...READ MORE",4.0
product is okay... picture quality is not upto the mark..and the pannel is LCD pannel even tough it is a LED made.sound is average to.for a 20W speakers it should be high...but it is actually low.connectivety is sometimes fishy....u need to switch off and on ur TV many times to connect to new mirror wireless connection.remote has very few buttons...it is a drawback..there is no mute button...no menu button.... its irritating.READ MORE,3.0
awesome TV everything works fine only picture quality is a bit lil .but all other features are Mindboggling.go for it in this budget u can't find any other TV better than this. 4 🌟 but I'm giving 3 because of no Google play servicesas required by many apps n games .I hope mi will add this feature soon by future updatesREAD MORE,3.0
MI led smart TV 4a very nice led and very nice thanks for mi and thanks for Flipkart but courier service very bad and installation and demo service not available in our erea.mi led was in nice but price was lowREAD MORE,5.0
My dream came true the day I became successful booking it on line after trying 9 times earlier. It's an excellent TV at this price with all options like costly TVs available in market. My best wishes for Mi products.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product for a stunningly low price.Did not get the product delivered at my doorstep by gati.Nice response from the installation personnel from jeeves. Charged Rs500 for wall mount stand. My friend had got the same wall mount bracket free of cost along with the same tv brought directly from Mi store..Greatly satisfied with Flipkart as well as the TV.READ MORE,5.0
Good Service of Install and Demo. Quality of TV packing was very fine and Best image quality and sound quality. Overall It's a best product.READ MORE,4.0
great experience ...using in home like theatre base sound and clarity is excellent...I love mi's all product...READ MORE,5.0
Good TV. But it is clearly mentioned on the TV sticker and on the box that it is the LCD not LED TV.READ MORE,4.0
it's amazing product money worth really superb I like it ☺️👌👌👍READ MORE,5.0
"Amazing product for this price. I installed Aptoide tv and was able to download all needed apps (for my requirement) Picture and sound quality is awesome. HD and blue ray movies played seemlesslyHowever I won't recommend buying the extended warranty by Flipkart because MI offers 1yr warranty on product + 1yr panel, Flipkart warranty starts from the second year when you're already covered for the panel. Eventually you're just getting 1yr additional warranty. I will let you decide whether to o...READ MORE",5.0
"A Value For Money Smart Tv, loaded with features and functions. sound and music qualities are average and the body is very lightweight. Delivered one day before exact date assigned. In all it is a perfect Smart tv in this price range.READ MORE",4.0
"No matter wether its lcd or led ( LED Tv, backlit LED is written on box) viewing angle and colour quality is very good Sound is clear but lack BassBut its still fineAlso mi should provide wall mount with product which is bit disappointing but you will get it easily on may online shopping websites and even in local market.READ MORE",5.0
really its d best smart tv available in this range..... features r very gud..u can connect ur internet through wifi nd watch online videos....READ MORE,5.0
"Very very good product, briliant quality in all field like picture, sound, connectivity and flipkart servies. Thanks flipkart and Mi Co. for low price smart led tv with great featuresREAD MORE",5.0
it is very early to write a review but i can share my initial opinionsFlipkart delivery is on time and installation by Jeeves is good.Technician behaved very friendly. Installed my tv on the very next day thanks guys.picture quality is excellent at this price and sound is good nothing extraordinary you will enjoy its sound.till now i am very Happy with the product and will get back with a detailed review.READ MORE,5.0
"I'm very much like MI products because of their quality vs price race. So many people have commented about its pros and cons. I've neglected each one while purchasing this TV. Hence I'm little bit disappointed for this purchase, Because of its picture clarity. I've compared VU 32inch non-smart TV (32D7545) with this (basic comparison like picture clarity, connectivity, diamention etc.). Except from picture clarity MI TV took the upper hand. For picture clarity VU has won. If you want to enjoy...READ MORE",4.0
"For 14k, this tv is a steal with amazing sound quality and a good and vivid display. Buy this product with your eyes closed. Thank you MI and thank you flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
very good product and reasonable price clarity is very good I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product with good features at such a reasonable price.. good sound quality.. delivery n installation was timely. Overall very Happy to buy this tv.READ MORE,5.0
1smor good mi very nicethank you plipkart..3month uzs supar quality best mi led smart TV..READ MORE,5.0
Redmi led tv is the best led and good features and delivery boy is good communicationREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Smart TV..A Great Product..Timely Delivered by Flipkart..One place for online shopping..FLIPKART.. Awesome and Genuine products..Thanks MI and Flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
"After 7 days of usage,  hereby my feedbackPros1) Good picture & sound quality2) Perfect smart TV3) Patchwall is good but need more packs on entertainment.Cons1) HDMI port sometimes not working. for me , it didn't works. i have placed for replacement.2) USB Port handles difficult if wall mount done.3) After services , is not up to good. Response from technical executives getting bad.4) OS upgrade is must.i am being from Tamilnadu , certain program need to be in tamil in Patchwall. s...READ MORE",3.0
super tv i am using it as pc monitor super  working good super .READ MORE,5.0
Mi led tv in good product. Free delivery product but delivery boy in cost in any time.why ekart courier not salary in delivery boy.then two time given the cost.please change next time other courierREAD MORE,5.0
ultimate TV very nice looking very good picture quality and sound quality is very very very clear and loud  I am so happy on this productREAD MORE,5.0
worth for the cost.. Clarity is not good enough should improveREAD MORE,4.0
worth for money really I feel very happy and full satisfication... we should compare to others within this price range we couldn't get better then thank U MI.....READ MORE,5.0
today am purchase the best thing of my life.... it's value for money... good quality product...and the delivery man Jhantu Ghosh is a very gentle man... his behavior is too good.. thank you flipkart and thanks to jhantu ji...READ MORE,5.0
"Product delivery was very fast say for it was a week before as the estimated time given. TV is value for money, also the picture quality, sound, wifi connectivity, and patchwall is just ok. Need some integrated apps like Amazon Prime and Netflix would have been more better. The Screen resolution is just at 1280×720 pixels. Why you guys are mis leading the sales.READ MORE",3.0
awesome and good quality tv lucky to get the same from mi on a small budget all must try for itREAD MORE,5.0
"Great product. Everything about this TV is nice except that it is less brighter compared to others. But, that doesn't spoil the experience and you won't notice that unless you compare with other TVs. Speakers are loud and clear. I suggest there is no need for extra sound system for an average room size. Given the display is HD, it is advisable to view HD content for full experience.Coming to software experience, a high speed internet connection is highly recommended. Although it is not neces...READ MORE",5.0
"Value for money product in this price range. Better Speaker, below average display and many bug in Patchwall. Like when you increase sound in APP and return back to TV mode reducing sound in remote doesn't decrease or mute the sound completely. Hope MI can fix it on upcoming updates.For Smart TV Feature lovers, connectivity (Voice assistant & Bluetooth) is not available, familiar apps are not available default. Have to rely on Hardway. Recently MiBOX received Oreo update, so hope for all Mi...READ MORE",3.0
yahh its awesome very low cost future led and wifi connectivity super speed its bestREAD MORE,5.0
sound is good and mi led tv are awosome looks and price is very low  i m big happy purchase to mi led tv 43 inc thanks flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
"I am speechless what a fabulous super fast delivery and installation demo by Flipkart Kolkata, ordered the TV 26th June and received 27 June 3 p.m. and the same day 6 p.m. they install and Wall mount my TV. picture quality of the TV was 9 out of 10 and and audio quality not so Punchie but loud 8 out of 10. user interface is very good and fast.thank you mi & Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Today I Jeeves person Mr Anil Kumar Install the MI TV. He is very gentle and polite and support and guide all function .Good TV in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome Mi 4A Smart TV.. Picture quality is very good, Size, Quality... Sound Normal.. Very Good product for price..We Love it..READ MORE",5.0
"TV is really Awesome but please don't expect too much from this TV as you can't mirror your screens while watching YouTube on your phone  and Display Quality is good but not as good as Samsung's or LG 32"" Tv's inspite of having Samsung Panel though ( Maybe company has done it as per market stategy) . So I will give this TV 77/100 marks ..READ MORE",4.0
hudglyb disappointed with installation services quality good but installation services worst why they say give free installation in particular date .i got led TV delivered on 26 june morning .got a massage that jeevas services will install and demo by 30 june .No contact number provided of installation rerding by flipkart .i wait till 30 no call from any side .i installed my tv from outside Engineer.after 11 days of delivery installation services call me for installation .they told me t...READ MORE,2.0
This is smart purchase for whoever buys this TV. 43inches variant is preferred over 32inch due to resolution. I bought this after a thorough research of all available TVs in market. And I can say this is the best decision made with saving a lot of money as wellREAD MORE,5.0
so nice good claritygood sound look like something special in my home great productgood picture clarity and Dolby atoms sound like 7.1 surroundit's support all version of videos in my hard disk.Thank you to flipkart service for great experience.READ MORE,4.0
good led mi TV very fast delivery to addressvery very good delivery boy no extra paymenthappy meREAD MORE,5.0
"After one week use. Good performance, worth for the price. good if you have max hd channels.SD channels are no so good to view. need to download few essential apps. there was delay in delivery.READ MORE",4.0
"Hello frnds. Writing review after using it for 1wk. In terms of price, features , connectivity, and sound quality it is good to buy. Wanted to tell u that they said its a led TV but on TV they have mentioned the backlite is led but panel is LCD. TV type they wrote LCD. I feel that's why picture quality is lagging. Also the TV is very light weight as compared to other TVs, may b the material used is not up to the mark. They have given many features but in terms of quality I feel they r compro...READ MORE",4.0
Mi 4a smart TV is a very good TV at that price.if you want to buy any other branded TV at that specifications you need atleast 40k but you will get mi 4a 43 inch TV for just rs 23k..Its great value for money. given that its made by Foxconn for Xiaomi the quality would also be acceptable for the priceREAD MORE,5.0
"best in 14k...should support all apps ...only a few supported (aptoid tv, youtube, jio tv etc)..dont support google play services so many apps dont work....its a hd read tv not hd (720p) ....everything else is goodREAD MORE",4.0
"flipkart service was good, installation was also good, I reccomend HD set up box for better visual experience , as picture quality is average, sound is excellent for this price range.i am writing this review within 2 hours of activation, WiFi connectivity, mira cast working fine rest of updates after my experienceREAD MORE",4.0
"Awesome product. But picture quality not great. well what can you expect at this price. but still satisfactory product. sound is very good, loud and clear. works well with hdmi cable.READ MORE",4.0
"The best product at never before price. The Mi is grate to offer this product at this price. I am using it as second TV in Bed Room. Pros: Best price, best image quality at this price, sound is excellent, wifi connectivity is super,  best stuff with direct links and finally the best user friendly interface.Cons: Remote has very less key for operation, No mute key,  Not direct Android SO, Google Play service is not working.Overall view: The best product and never before price.READ MORE",5.0
"Really it's ASM , lowest price and Smart super , mainly I like to say , this is not a TV ya it's working like a Smart mobile , heigh features it's working is super fast ...niceREAD MORE",5.0
Nice tv...Value for money... Performance is very good like Sony Bravia.. Supper quality in hd.. Better than all.READ MORE,5.0
Under this price range.. it is the best TV one can ever get. I really love this smart tv.READ MORE,5.0
"worth the money, decent picture quality and good sound.patchwall does the job and I'm happy with the buyREAD MORE",5.0
"All over its good as of now . Would like to observe for some more time , cost and product is unmatched so one can go for same ..READ MORE",4.0
Extraordinary smart TV which I have seen osm sound quality full HD display pure and perfect no lagging at all totally fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
product is really impressive good quality better sound I liked it installed on next day gd service by FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Mi TV 4A is Awesome. Best TV @ this price. 5star for the Mi but the service from flipkart team was worst. No proper updates regarding my order n installation. I recommend better to purchase it from MI site.READ MORE,1.0
"Reddmi never fails to impress me It's a great buy under 25 k , Picture quality and connectivity is good but sound quality is not satisfyingREAD MORE",5.0
there should have been Bluetooth connectivity option rest that evrything is properly working condition slim light weight excellent picture quality no lag in mirror cast wifi works fine..... i just wish it had included Bluetooth then would have been perfectREAD MORE,4.0
i was very exited for booked my mi led 32inch. product was delivered before time. but when it  installation by service guys we found mi led TV 32 inch screen was damage and screen was broken.I am still waiting for change my mi led 32 inch by Flipkart as soon as possible. very bed experience for me.READ MORE,2.0
Flipkart Rocks all the time. Delivery was good but installation didn't happen properly as the engineer didn't setup the set top box as there was a shortage of cable and ask me to contact the cable operator for setting up.  So i have to pay extra for setting up the set top box as well.READ MORE,5.0
Very good product in very low price.Sound also very good. We purchase 3 led. Very nice led .READ MORE,4.0
Best in this price range.. go for it... Don't think too much.... I already did research on cheapest and best TV for 14 days.READ MORE,5.0
"this TV is really awesome with low price , display quality,sound quality all are good overall it's perfect smart tv.READ MORE",5.0
Good Product & sound Quality is Good but Every time on this t.v than salect A.V Mode. pictures quality is good all over this price amyzing smart T.V.READ MORE,5.0
"mi, you nailed it. just got an awesome tv with awesome features.i have fallen in love with this product. Thank you xiomiREAD MORE",5.0
"Looks perfect, feels premium, pocket friendly what else you need. TV plays everything perfectly and completely in HD with bright colours and balanced Sharpness-contrast. Wait for the update and you'll get everything what you want.READ MORE",5.0
"Good quality of product like direct connectivity to mobile and other devices, screen pixels clear accept sound quality is not goodREAD MORE",5.0
"Really superb smart Tv at this Price from MI. About Flipkart, Very well packed and delivered on time.  Also gave good customer care support from Flipkart side.  Nice job.READ MORE",5.0
"Not upto d mark. It's avarage looking TV. Screen resolution is poor comparing to other branded TV's. Settings options is limited. Only d best part about this TV is its price, screen mirroring & smart TV options. Apart my all comments I will say it's a best TV b'coz of its price.READ MORE",2.0
"Good product & service delivery of product by flipkart also ontime. i received Mi tv 43inch on 15 june 2018 at morning time. after delivery witin 4-5 hrs my tv was installed. Tv was installed on wall mount which is paid by me in cash RS500. Flipkart have offers only table installation free of cost.  but service engineer have not tested usb ports, hdmi, cable / DTH  signal. after 10 days use still working fine.READ MORE",4.0
"have been using it for a fortnight now and am very impressed with the product. best value for money. the screen is sharp and colours crisp, remote is innovative and functional once you get the hang of it. the inbuilt apps and features are very good. have installed aptoide TV app and it works just great. Netflix and terrarium apps work great. connectivity is smooth...mouse and keyboard works fine. pl.ensure to also buy the Mi wall mount along with the TV. the installation guy charges 500 for t...READ MORE",5.0
product was delivered on time. nice product of course. the installation guy called and provided necessary help. no problem during installation. the remote is really sleek just like iPhone. TV as such does not any other button except power on/off. WiFi worked well. mobile casting also. I had to register to hungama app and now I have 3 months free access to movies and other stuff. still figuring out how to download other apps.READ MORE,5.0
"Front side is good but the back side of the dedign of Led is not good ,as well as as review written Led but on tv screen it has written LCD ,please check why its like that ,rest all good ...READ MORE",3.0
"After a week observations I can say it's an Amazing TV. You can enjoy TV without cable connection also there is lots of content in it. Pros: 1. image and colour quality is brilliant in this price.2. build quality is good and decent.3. Smart features in this price.4. 3 Usb, hdmi 3, WiFi working well.5. very good delivery and packaging from Flipkart and Mi. installation was delayed by 4 days I called to flipkart they help me to install it in very next day :). Cons:1. Sound quality is ...READ MORE",5.0
"have been using mi tv for last three months and am fully happy with all the facilities provided in it except few like can't connect two usb's simultaneously and on features provided i would like to request mi tv to please introduce intelligent sound via update if possible, as all indian channels have different sound setting norms which result in huge variation in sound from channel to channel. and also please provide google play store or at least VLC player in app section.READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing picture and sound quality. All latest features. only thing missing was the mute button in the remote. Also, simple thing like remote battery shd be added (not a show stopper, good to have added). overall value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
super amazing very good picture clarity and sound effect very superREAD MORE,5.0
Dis is our first LED Smart Tv... As of now It is superb for usage.. Friendly Tv... Looking awesomeee..... Dont think just buy it....READ MORE,4.0
"Paisa wasool TV. Pros:-1) The looks of the TV is amazing.2) The video quality is just awesome for this price. I have compared it with Samsung, Sony, LG etc. 3) The sound quality is so good and loud.4) Patchwall O.S is exquisite.Cons:-1) Although they are claiming to be full hd, I think it's not. 2) Without wireless keyboard, mouse and obviously ""WIFI"", this TV is normal(Just like any other).3) Simply cannot type anything easily with the provided mi remote.4) YouTube app is not as g...READ MORE",5.0
"One of the best SMART TV in this range.Viewing angles good.Usb keyboard works fineYou tube working goodChorme, office suites works nicelyEven share it app is also workingREAD MORE",5.0
i got this mi tv after 3 days from order date so thanks to flipkart. in this tv is very good sound effects and screen resolution also good but if you want to more nice resolution I'll recommend you mi 43 inch. 32 inch TV resolution is good ok level but it's very good compared than any another brandREAD MORE,5.0
cons:1.Amazon prime video not working .... 2.no shortcut to installed apps3.using 3. 5mm jack doesn't provide clear sound to home audio (2.1 woofer etc)4. remote doesnt have any shortcut button gor youtube or other appPros -1. low price big and smart tv2. best for who uses only DTH or youtube. netflix abd prime video users will disappointed.3. tv speaker sound is ok.4. display quality is averageREAD MORE,3.0
prosAll the smart function is working properly.HD content looks good. Good picture quality and function for this pricecons.    1. Black is not perfect black2. Google playstore is not present .READ MORE,4.0
Awesome TV... using it from last one week... it was a great experience.. All you need to have good internet connection... Best FHD TV at budget friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
"Best product at this price. Decent picture. Satisfactory sharpness & color reproduction. Cannot compare with my old TV samsung. Its much better in every aspect, bt twice as much the money. At this price best product. Ekart delivery is also goodREAD MORE",3.0
Excellent value for money. Great clarity and decent sound. Installation is not needed if you are planning to place it on tabletop. All the connection options are available except for the dongle /wingle supportREAD MORE,5.0
Recently I have purchased a Xiaomi mi TV 43 inches with android version it's very amazing TV the picture quality on this TV was excellent and it is so slim because of its sliminess it does not take much more place in short the TV is mind-blowing and fantastic the TV changes the my hall viewREAD MORE,4.0
"MI installation persons are useless fellows. trust me install this TV yourself because those MI fellows didn't get any money for the installation as per the norms. so they will install this TV like the free service provider provides. Kaam chalu jugad, my tv fell from the wall mount with in 2 days.... they didn't even bolted properly. TV sound is not good. its sharp sometime and at some time its too low . Baki sb thik hai. esmein patchwall naam ka OS hai thats a bit slow in working and very fe...READ MORE",3.0
Awesome Product by MI. Full on satisfaction.Superb Picture Quality and Sound.No other Company gives you such Nice product in this price. Delivery was too fast. I received this TV within 24 hrs of Booking. Worth buying this Product. Just go for it..READ MORE,5.0
awsome and great delivery service...i like mi products very much but the bad thing is 1) I don't know why the sold their products only in flash sales2) MI Tv is not available at my pin code  so i need to deliver it some where else and then get it from there personally..but overall product is awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
value for money can't get the features in any other TV in this price range.Display and sound is good.Miracast works perfectly fine .Can't say how long it will work in long time.READ MORE,4.0
Delivery fast is good and tv is so good!!  Apt for anyone and the best for 14k....... Overall nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"I have Purchased a MI LED SMART TV, but  it is  not a LED TV it is a LCD TV, (Clearly written on you TV) Flipkart is doing fraud business, when we are raised a return request not accepting, we have left with no choice only to retain the product, Customer care team is not supportive and helpless,  Picture quality is very bad, Firstly Flipkart is doing fraud with their customers as they advertising as LED TV and sending LCD TV. Please don't buy.READ MORE",1.0
"Best budget tv , very less price than sony.osm sound quality, but disturbing sound , not so symphony like sony.full hd video quality, but disturbing to watching 4k ,light weight,video quality is good, but not so good as sony .yet there is no search option on YouTube.I can't see any app store like google play.mostly app not running on this tv .atleast it's amazing owesm tv , in this price..thank you flipcart fast delivary,but yet no flipcart engineers come to me to setup tv .I req...READ MORE",5.0
"First i received a faulty product but it was replaced by flipkart. After using tv for 2 months below are my opinions: its worth for its price. Wifi work well. Miracast is not bad. Remote is amazing. Smart options are great. Patch wall is easy to use. Picture quality is something which you have to compromise if you are comparing the picture quality with sony, LG etc.READ MORE",4.0
best feature loaded TV at a good price it can gives you everything that you want in your Smart TV you can play games or mirror casting by your mobile you have 3 HDMI port and two years before with One audio output jack and Wi-Fi connectivity and you can install apps like YouTube Netflix jio TV MX Player ola available on net and I am surprised happy with my TVREAD MORE,5.0
excellent TV I am very much satisfied with the picture quality and amazing sound effects. delivery was done on time really appreciatedREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent TV in this price range.Pros:Good sound qualityUseful smart TV functionsErgonomic remote controllerPlays all video formats (Need to install VLC player for some formats)Cons:Display is not good at close proximity. A viewing distance of more than 6 feet from TV is advised.READ MORE,4.0
"sounds good, picture quality with STB not good,if u want smart tv then u must have broadband,more data require for bigger display niether video buffering ....... sometime ir cable not work properly..and some third party apps not working well,if u press enter button on key board q type on screen..lastly if u want to purchase this TV ,u must have broadband or high speed internet , hd set top box, wireless keyboard and mouse,ir cable....READ MORE",3.0
Excellent Smart TV this price range....Patch wall os is excellent....But Display quality Good not excellent...sound quality is good not excellent... mostly worest con on this tv was not inclde in box wall mount and also remote batteries and also mi vr cable not given...it is also I am purchasing separately...what is this....But overall this price range best tv....and also build quality decent...Tq Flipkart....READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent product from MI at an affortable price. Its big, smart and an full hd led tv what more you could ask for. Flipkart delivered it as promised and installation process was smooth.READ MORE",5.0
flipkart delivery and service was good and as per the scheduled date and time. Mi Led TV is awesome with this price tag.READ MORE,4.0
I order it at 15th of June and received next day however for installation it took 3 days which was a bad experience for me as installation was promised for 17.Apart from it after exploring MI TV I am pretty much happy with it but a big time draw back is that to explore browser or apps u would require mouse and a keyboard as without it u wont be able to do anything and trust me anything means anything.READ MORE,1.0
"Product is too good with very superior quality and nice service from flipkart thank you flipkart once again,READ MORE",5.0
thank you Mi and Good product in mi tvdelivery is good am all so given to the 5 🌟 thank you Flipkart . Good SoundREAD MORE,5.0
"Arrived earlier. installation is also very fast on the same day itself.  Watching HD channels on MiTV is eye feasting. Smart content like wonder woman is watchable on wi-fi.  Overall nice smart TV in less than 20,000 compared to market price.READ MORE",5.0
"Such a perfect tv for home viewing. Everything is nice about it. Picture quality is very good. If u r watching HD channels, nice clarity but if u r watching SD channels, it is okay. Not to worry very much about it. USB working smoothly. One thing is problematic I.e. mirroring function. If u r playing video in mobile at a distance through this function, u will find a little bit lag. But if u r keeping ur phone near ur tv, then no problem in this function. Installing available updates does not ...READ MORE",5.0
"Great sound quality, superb viewing angles considering price , in the end a good smart tv thumps up to xiaomi for bringing their TVs to india. Great Buy.READ MORE",4.0
this product is very smart..and this product look staning.and it's picture quality is better than others brand.and it's sound is very clear and best ..READ MORE,3.0
awesome t v.. good one. nothing to blame... I am pretty satisfied .😁😁READ MORE,5.0
"Good HD Ready (720p) Smart TV ! Smarter  pricing!! Picture is fine. Sound, getting used to. WiFi connectivity too is excellent. As there is no competition anyway near, this seems to be selling hot! But if you can find a Full HD Smart TV, under say 18 - 19k, that would be a better option! Nothing like Full HD, especially when you are paying for it anyway!READ MORE",5.0
nice tv picture and sound of tv is quite good but connectivity with jio network not good enough while using hotspot. overall nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Got delivered within 48 hours and ekart guy opened the box for physical check for defects. Product is very light and its really good in smart features. Got a software update notification for some 'Green fix', allowed it for installation. Picture quality is good with HD source and okay with DTH connection. You need HD source to enjoy the real features of this TV. Its an awesome product at affordable price range, a challenge for brand TVs!!!READ MORE",4.0
Super fast delivery by Flipkart. Best TV for this range. Got the wall mount done and it's perfect. Have been using it from a long timeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product all is good condition clear clarity low rate al is  comfortableREAD MORE,5.0
"Best buy led tv under 25k. Pros: Best design,Sound is above average,Cons: Black is not real black actually it's grey shade so real colours not feel as the same.READ MORE",4.0
"The delivery was quick and as promised, but the installation is still pending. The Installation technician keeps on rescheduling without any consent.Overall, the TV is very much the way it was expected to be. Sound is awesome, Picture quality is nice too.Patchwall is ok and needs work, app support could be better. YouTube is available but it is very difficult for navigation.READ MORE",3.0
thanks flipkart for delivery and installation in specified time.  well coming to the tv part it's picture quality is up to the mark... sound quality is good ....little blur in image if watch it closer otherwise it's good....overall the tv is good in this price....thanks to flipkart and mi for such a nice product . they are making dream of middle class people  having led tv come true.READ MORE,4.0
"first thing to mention - the wall mounting bracket for 43 inch is Rs. 399 at MI india site. Still flipkart bill you 499 for the same. I am goint to ask for a refund of 100 Rs. for that. TV is ok, IR blaster stopped recognizing after few hour. Also in HATHWAY set top box it just not working - says switching to channel 309 .. and only dial 3, so channel 3 is only coming. anyone facing that ?NO headphone connectivity with 3.5mm, though in description it says headset connectivity.Still exp...READ MORE",3.0
Nice budget tv... sound is good.. little slow in start up.. but thats not big issue.. screen looks nice and large.. resolution is good.. remote is nice compact.. good package for this price..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome productGood picture quality and best designAudio and connectivity is also greatMirracast works very wellREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous!!!!!!! worth product ever thanks mi and thanks to flipkart for giving best experience of fast delivery and installation love you flipkart.................READ MORE,5.0
"TV performance is good. Due to less options on Remote, its difficult to use. Most of the important apps not working in this TV. Demo guy from Jeeves did not give complete demo, Even he don't know much about MI T.V . The Table Top installation we did at our own end already. But we asked him to install wall mount that we already have. He denied and said he will install only MI supported Wall Mount. Though Wall mount were same. All in all The Jeeves Demo guy service was poor. He was not able to ...READ MORE",1.0
The walking is good display quality is nice sound is good app installing only it's  supported every apps supported something up onlyREAD MORE,4.0
"If you are looking for a 32 inch smart TV this is the best choice. I purchased this 20 days before, enjoying with my WiFi networks, internal channels, free movies everything available in this Smart TV. Before going for a cable connection enjoy the inbuilt movies, serial sports, cartoon etc.,Value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
"Product mentions LCD, confirmed from flipart customer help that the TV as per specs is indeed a LED. WONDER why Mi has kept a label indicating the product as LCD (For a LED) which only creates a confusion for the buyer .Tata sky HD channels are not so clear from Tata sky HD set up box. However PS4 games display is crisp. audio is 3/5 at medium level ,at highest levels sounds gets coarser. I think the 32"" Mi TV at 720p seems a better bargain.Remote is handy and the TV connected to the wifi in ...READ MORE",2.0
TV was niceAll functions are working good except mobile screen mirroring... am using Moto G5S plus. Anyone please help me out.But the installation and demonstration by jeeves was waste in all way... We need only checking out the tv by them to start the warranty...and not to fix the tv using wallmount.The person came to install the tv was in hurry...The screws he used were not comfortable...The charge of wall mount by them are not affordable400 Rs for plain wall mount and 2800 Rs for f...READ MORE,4.0
"mi product is good and if we talk about tv then product is awesome so nice quality images you can connect your mobile woofer dish and many more product its come with 3 hdmi slot so you use too many thing at a time overall product quality is good dont thing just buy it it low price also, Then comes to installation my tv arrive 10 am and installation engineer come in 2 hours i am so much happ with her speed work..really all thing are good.READ MORE",5.0
Super price and super TV and fastest delivery and totally good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Screen size is good , speakers very much super sound , and picture quality is very good if the setup box is HD and overall good verything is good but need apps to be added ... like Netflix and few more ..READ MORE",5.0
"perfect tv in a perfect price.Screen casting is awesome compare with other popular brand like Sony, Samsung, LG.picture quality ok with this price rate.only problem is you cant play videos more than 1080p.thanks to 20w speakers, sound is good.over all, A good product to buy at this rate..READ MORE",5.0
"viewing angles aren't that great as it's not a IPS panel, its a Samsung VA panel, infact viewing angles are poor, colors don't look that great even after hours of tweaking settings, blacks aren't deep , blacks look kinda gray , colors fade as you change your viewing angle, sound is decent, smart TV part is good..better buy a LG or other reputed brand TV with IPS panel.. My previous LG 720p IPS TV was much better than this apart from being a smart TV..READ MORE",3.0
Very fast and i like this tv and this price in very best ledREAD MORE,5.0
Pictures quality is average..But sounds & Connectivity is best in this model.. Full HD 1080p paly on this TV..Flipkart delivery & Installation Service is very good . I am happy with the product..READ MORE,5.0
"Genuine review after using it for 2 days...Patch wall os buttery smoothPicture quality -above average (not that great as compared to sony 720p panel- colours are not that much accurate....Sound quality is average{poor bass but loud enough for a medium room)U can install android apps through pendrive..IMP NOTE-  ThOUGH IT IS A LED TV .. BUT THE PANEL IS LCD... THAT'S WHY CHEAP.....Acc. to me it is a smart purchase at this budget, we cannot expect more than this in this range..If you...READ MORE",5.0
"Happie Customer ! I am using Mi 43 inch LED since a month & feeling good. Worth Product in this price. Sound is too good, No need of Home Theatre. Thanks Mi for this Wonderful Product.READ MORE",5.0
good picture quality but sound is not up to the mark.every thing is fine except for the apps installation process.they should ve installed google play store..increasing inbuilt memory can bring more users to mi ...overall it's a good one for affordable price.READ MORE,4.0
"TV is awesome with good picture and sound quality,but no apps are preloaded in the tv.the miracast works perfectly without lagging.remote is also good,sleeek in design and easy to use with the TV. the service by Flipkart and gati is very worst,they delay my delivery by 6 days and every time I contact Flipkart customer care, they always said that the TV will delivered within 2 days and sorry for your inconvenience. atlast after 6 days, I Google the local gati courier branch contact number and ...READ MORE",5.0
I would not say its a great TV but in this price range its a good deal. The picture quality is not that great but other features like connectivity sound interface etc meets the expectation.READ MORE,4.0
The sound and picture quality of this Tv is too much quiet ...I liked and love itREAD MORE,5.0
"great mi tv  good picture , good sound and great operating system,READ MORE",5.0
Display: SuperbSound: Very goodRemote handing: very easyVideo: easy to run YouTube videos with good quality.Navigation on home page: smooth & easy to understandloads of contentssize: suitable to common area of every hallfeatures: niceDelivery: on timeWorth to buy.READ MORE,5.0
"Just have no words to express. In short awsome. Flipkart delivered within 19 hrs of successful order, and installation done the very same day. Now about Mi tv it is superb. I have received today so can give the exact review of the product later. Flipkart experience was excellent for this deal. The delivery boys unboxed the tv before getting paid as cod , they assure to check any physical damage ,if so they would have taken the tv for replace. But the tv was in excellent condition. Then I made...READ MORE",5.0
Every thing works fine...picture clarity depends on  type of set top box.it will be good if u know how to utilize....spending money on it will never  disappoint youREAD MORE,5.0
"One of the best Smart TV under Budget. Everyone should go for it. No doubt it has the best sound clarity, view and easy navigation provided by android OS Patchwall. I would definitely suggest for my friends and relatives. Currently, this product is out of stock and will be available only on Tuesday and Friday every week at 12 PM.READ MORE",5.0
"Its an average TV. Good for the price , but not really a smart tv since there is no App store. The only useful Apps they have is Youtube and Hotstar.  Slightly Disappointed.READ MORE",3.0
"Tv looks good , but wall mount not available for the tv , we have to buy it separately paying 500 rs ,good sound quality, nice interface , totally worth the price and its a cool piece.It's an awesome tv with an competitive video and audio quality with Sony it's a THUMBS UP for this perfect match for my living room Thanks MI for bringing this in the range.READ MORE",4.0
I had better expectations from Flipkart. TV delivered after 6 days of booking so have to take day off from office as wish master didn't know what time delivery will happen.installation partner Jeeves reschedules installation without any communication & blames on Flipkart. it's been 7 days and no installation yet...much better to buy from MI Store instead of Flipkart. No reviews for TV yet as haven't used it yet.READ MORE,1.0
"sound theek hepar display not good pixel nazar aate he I do,t  like this led not goodREAD MORE",4.0
Redmi led is the very best features and miximum prices and delivery is very fast service on flipkart and good communication skills is sudhir ChaudharyREAD MORE,5.0
Can't call it best but it's value buy. It doesn't have you tube or any other app so I think that it is not smart TV. ... If you want all the experience from smart TV then this is a wrong product. It also as LCD based screen which they have written on the box.READ MORE,2.0
"Good quality display at this price range. Extremely Light weight, Sound is awesome. If you're hall is too large then probably opt for 43 inch variant others wise everything else is flawless. Ample amount of ports for connectivity and you get 3 months of free content over Sony Liv and Hungama Play.READ MORE",5.0
"Best experience with mi LED smart tv, cost and quality of sound &  picture are very good, functions  are very simple and easy to use.READ MORE",5.0
"It's nice to, we all liked it, sound, clarity, picture very thing was fine and for this the delivery boy also cooperated nicely, we received good piece with out any damageREAD MORE",5.0
very good product with the best price.excellent  video and audio quality . service also good with in 2 days i got it. Installation service also good.READ MORE,5.0
"Very good at price point. However, the content leaves a lot to be desired. It doesn't support the major content providers (a certain company ending in Tube, a certain company ending in Flix, and a certain e commerce company that is fkart's rival, whose names I cannot mention because the review keeps getting flagged for external links and product promotion.) This is a problem.The firmware runs at 720p, which makes all the apps detect the resolution as 1280x720. Although the videos are played...READ MORE",4.0
"It's an awesome product. It offers many modern features that too in such a low price. If you are looking for a TV which offers smart TV features and is budget friendly too, this would be the perfect choice.READ MORE",5.0
"Delivery -It was a prompt and fast delivery by FlipkartInstallation -TV was installed on the same day of delivery which is awesome and good experience.TV performance - I have checked many aspect of the TV and found that it is best i have purchased in terms of Sound, Picture and usability.Overall Fantastic experience regarding the product as well as service!!!!READ MORE",5.0
i love it... flipkart delivery  speed is not only good it's highly better than other shopping site...... but one thing is installation speed is very Low.... so that plz kindly make it speed than others.....READ MORE,3.0
awesome experience. very good product. valur for money. smart tv with 43 inches in the lowest price.. very affordable ☺️?READ MORE,5.0
Value for money great product at this price Got this 32 inch Tv at just 14k.Picture quality is good. Sound is good We can share phone screen with this smart tv. I think its best tv under 15k Just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"I thought a lot before purchasing this TV. But after I received the product I am totally satisfied with the unit.Picture clarity is superb,but sound quality as disappointed me. If u connect external speakers it will be up to the mark. Service agent was good .Finally a budget friendly tvREAD MORE",4.0
best led tv .. full hd i think best budget main best tv haiREAD MORE,4.0
"TV picture quality is average, just like any other half HD TV in this cost. Remote made so simple that it takes so much of time to search a content as you have to hit every letter only by moving using direction buttons. typing something like this is irritating. Not much settings to improve picture quality optimal.READ MORE",3.0
Everything is Perfect .only One Main Thing is compromise  Screen Quality  could be better . Didn't try hd channels yet.SD channel and Online HD content tried which is at good at 1080 p.READ MORE,2.0
Great TV In This Price Segment ... Gives A Tough Competition To Sony And Samsung Smart TV... Everything is Best ... awesome dilivery And Installation serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"it is a great product in exciting price..., thanks MI....... for making such an good product in offordable price. ..READ MORE",5.0
It's been told it supports 4k vedio but looks like not. Also it would have been better to list as LCD PANEL LED BACK LIT to avoid confusion. Otherwise I am enjoying the TV.One more con is about the service/installation with Jeeves service. They are not responsive for most of the times.READ MORE,4.0
Worth money best in class I already hv 55 inc Lg 3d smart but the UI of MI is great no complicated things simple n user friendlyREAD MORE,5.0
"awsome product, picture, sound quality is good and for this range of smart tv Rs.13,999 is superb no any barnd is giving this range smart tv, thanks to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
I feel like mi provided advanced tech with enabled WiFi if you using small house you can use 32 Inc and it is worth.I feel happy to use this.I found 1 additional benefit is nowadays kids are addiction mobile try to avoid as much as you can.READ MORE,5.0
nice tv for this price ...but u mentioned in advertisement is Led TV but this is LCD type apart from that nice tv for this price...READ MORE,5.0
"*Picture Quality is awesome (don't judge on the basis of Set top Box output, just simply play a movie from usb or play YouTube and you will know it).*Sound Output is surprisingly Amazing, you won't regret paying 14000rs.*Built Quality is good if not the best when compared to Sony or Samsung but again you are not paying the amount those brands demand.*Connectivity to the WiFi is very Strong, No issues.*Patchwall OS is good but you will have to take membership of some Content providers to ...READ MORE",5.0
"Have been using popular brand smart TV but MI stands apart, fast processing,  good video and audio quality, all useful apps u need, specially YouTube....can't think of anything better at this price tag... TV killerREAD MORE",5.0
tv quality was so good but they don't have google apps in tv  others wise very good products in this price range thak you mi  .fastest delivery from flipkart thank youREAD MORE,4.0
"great deal.... tv s really good,look wise looks awesome,video n audio quality s outstanding...43in LED Smart tv in 23k dat too wid Mi name...isnt dat great??..best deal... delivery n installation in 48hrs f placing order makes Flipkart d best in class...thnx fo d best service again...go fo Mi tv widout givin any second thot...READ MORE",5.0
best product for that cost.valued for money people need to know the difference between led and lcd it  was LED smart tv . know about LED and then review accordinglyREAD MORE,5.0
suprrb display quality is good and sound quality is above average and connectivity input receivis is good soo im full happy .. thanks thamq soo much Flipkart and team...READ MORE,5.0
"product is good but didn't receive the IR cable for connecting set top Box with the TV , which was supposed to be inside the TV box, Jeeves technician said it was free last month and now it's to be purchased ? why ? when it's a basic neccessity.....need a response on the sameREAD MORE",5.0
"Picture is not that good Like panasonic or Samsung specially in case of HD video. But, sound is good. Miracast facilities is awesome. Durability, time will tell. Overall good buy in this price.READ MORE",4.0
The product is amazing & is having numerous features. The installation has been done. But the IR cable is still awaited as the piece available with technician was faulty. Please arrange the same immediately so that we can enjoy the other features.READ MORE,4.0
"Amazing Smart TV by MI:Firstly Flipkart delivery Kudos on the prompt delivery time appreciate it! you guys do understand customer urgency and that's a very thing.Well coming to the Mi TV 4A (43inch) you do get exactly what you pay for, nothing less and nothing more! PROS:1) The sound quality in this TV is really good those 20 Watt speakers do a good job.2) The display and viewing angles are also very good on this panel.3) The smart features of this TV is the highlight of the TV in thi...READ MORE",5.0
Amazing value for money.. A must buy.. SD channels works average.. But works fine on HD channels...READ MORE,4.0
Value For Money ProductMy experience with this product & the Mi service is really good I oder this item on 29 May & the LED  delivered on 6 Jun &My LED installation on 7 June ...1. Picture quality in really awesome.2. Sound in also good & clear and also loud.3. Light in weight.4. Thin but bield quilty is good.READ MORE,5.0
"Everything is best !!!Most affordable value for money led ... it supports wifi,internet obline streaming installing apps .there is no competitor at this price range best ever at this price point 👌☺️READ MORE",4.0
"Great pic quality n sound. Super packing, delivery and installation. Too good to be honestREAD MORE",5.0
v. good product highly recommended to all it is the best TV in this segment overall performance is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome tv..It's picture quality is nice and it not connect to moto mobile only..Remote options are very simplified ...Soo nice and worth for priceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent TV.....A truly affordable smart TV ...You require just a good internet connection to explore it fully.....READ MORE,5.0
"excellent service by flipkart and Jeeves team.at my place mi TV not deliverable so order at my brother house which is 85km far from my place.I brought TV at my place infromed flipkart  to change installation address.next day Jeeves team person came and install TV at my place.just to inform everybody who wants to purchase mi TV .,. don't buy wall mount stand from mi site .Jeeves team provide mi wall mount and install on it .just pay 500 rs.for wall mount. I was waiting almost 2 months for ...READ MORE",5.0
"review is for 43inch,black levels are pretty averagecolours are not very very bright but they are goodnot much play store or app supportYouTube has some draw backs in back buttonshotstar, Sony Liv has very less content than mobile versionscouldn't install many apps1 gb ram isn't sufficient for memory management, reloads again many apps and harddisk.waiting for Netflix & Amazon prime and need many updates for preinstalled appsREAD MORE",3.0
Super TV in this price. Patchwall software is very good useful. Single remote for DTH and TV is awesome. Best Smart TV in this price. Internet browsing is also very fast. Display is somewhat low. Not that much Full HD experience.READ MORE,5.0
"after much comparison among big sale brands, took up Mi..been a month now n no regrets.great picture quality n sound is bombastic (I ve seen most friends adding speakers for their TV s)PatchWall OS is a breeze to operate but lacks few imp apps like Netflix..I installed thru APK but works with few glitches.otherwise great product at this price !!!!READ MORE",5.0
"I saw many negative comments regarding that this is not and led but and LCD tv true. I tell you the actual reason behind it read carefully..Despite having a different acronym, an LED TV is just a specific type of LCD TV. The proper name would actually be “LED-backlit LCD TV,” but that’s too much of a mouthful for everyday conversation, so people generally just refer to them as LED TVs.since both LED and LCD TVs use LCD technology, you’re probably wondering what the difference is. Actually...READ MORE",5.0
I am grateful to Flipkart for making this slim and smart beauty available for us. Great product. Cheers;)READ MORE,5.0
I got a TV in 30th may nice look and excellent performance  BUT jeevs installation call me in 5th June  totally disappointing to me about this great service finally me and my dad will be installed successfullyREAD MORE,4.0
Fantastic and Bistro and some it is nice to see HD channels are coming very nicely Super clarity this one it is so nice even I took from Flipkart thank you Flipkart very muchREAD MORE,5.0
Wow.. that's great product Mi smart  LED TV.....If you r student then u bought this Mi smart TV......Enjoy ur four years ...With this smart tv....READ MORE,5.0
"Best Tv In the price range... But Sound is not satisfactory.. We cannot expect a Bass/clear audio from LED.. Compared to other brands, sound is good.. Android based patchwall facilitates you to install any app from phone.. I added a wireless mouse and using many apps.. Wireless mouse can be directly installed.. Just connect usb... It's done, a poiner appears.. In one word, if a good media player/app is used.. You  can open any file format..READ MORE",5.0
tv look and working is excellent. I suggest to buy it through Flipkart. Quick delivery and installation on time. Thanks Flipkart. I am using it from the last 4 to 5 months and i can say its value for money and best led tv in the market with this price. I suggest everyone who are interested to buy LED should buy this tv and go for it.READ MORE,5.0
"Picture Clarity is not good as expected, even HD also not up to the mark. Sound is better . Wall Mounting Kit should  have given as free instead of charging additional amount. Flipcart delivery is good. And jeeves done good Job for fixing the same.READ MORE",3.0
very goood smart tv in budget..very good soundlitle bit quality of image in nt full hd...but lastly overalll very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
best smart TV at very reasonable price.Mi has done great job in creating the Patch wall which optimise the contents on users basic.support various DTH and cabel .READ MORE,5.0
"I'm using this product from 1 week.MI 43"" would be the best choice in the range.Sound, picture quality and clarity at it's best.However clarity can't compared with SONY, but definitely matches quality of other contemporary brands(Samsung, LG).I suggest to go for it.READ MORE",5.0
Excellent Tv from MI. Best tv in this price range. Very fast delivery from Flipkart. Picture quality is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing smart TV. Quick delivery and efficient installation. Most practical to have smart TV and watch YouTube and hotstar.READ MORE,5.0
awesome mind bowling smart tv     Superb I love this Mi LED Smart tv    😘😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
The MI TV 32 inch is really awesome and deserves 5 star rating.The picture quality is gud and it is not at all true that black looks bit grey.I don't have any complaint on color and infact the picture quality is sharp and gud.The thing that I liked most about the MI tv is it's sound quality and u won't need any extra sound system.Install Aptoide tv and u will definitely like all stuff over there.miracast feature is really good and works with mi phones.The only complaint I have is with Flipkar...READ MORE,4.0
"good quality for videos,,,low budget high definition tv i loved very much nd delivery agents are also Good delivery time to time ekart service is worst ,i bought it for gati couriers gati agents are very proper dealing with customersREAD MORE",4.0
"After checking so many feedbacks, I was confused with audio quality and lcd/led panel. Research confirmed that all led tv's are indeed led backlit LCD tv's. So the description on TV box or a sticker saying LCD TV is fine, it's a led TV onlyAudio quality is one of the best as far as TVs are concerned. Mind you, It's not an hi-tech audio player.Picture quality is OK. OS is just OK, not a lot great smart  features. Miracast works fine, can connect to wifi, YouTube and hotstar works fine. For t...READ MORE",4.0
Amazing picture quality and worth for money. Fully satisfied and best recommended productREAD MORE,5.0
gud product and very fast service from flipkart. i am appreciating and thank full . it is awesome tv . picture quality is very good and sound quality is to good and size of the tv is best for medium type room.READ MORE,5.0
Good but can be betterReally disappointed on hearing that IR cable wouldn't work on siti Cable set top box.you need to improve this.READ MORE,3.0
"It is a good product for the price. Good quality picture . Sound is ok not great. Easy to use n install apps. Cant compare to Sony n Samsung but it is value for money Flipkart delivery was superb fast . Got product in 2 days. Not to worry about installation n all , everything is easy available on YouTube .READ MORE",4.0
My TV traveled nearly 500 kms. Package quality is the best. Those who are ordering from remote places must have patients because packages like this get delivered to a nearby city (may be a district place). But then it takes time for delivery because the Currier has to wait for his delivery vehicle to get full of orders on the route to your place.The same is the case for installation. The installation services are available only in metro cities. So it takes time for installation also.But the...READ MORE,5.0
"awesome, I'm loving it. Best Smart TV at the rate of 13,999, resolution was excellent. Controls were very easy. Initially there were no Apps, once i updated the software, many kind of movies/series got listed including Apps like Hotstar & YouTube.  A must buy if anyone looking for a smart TV at budget for 14k.READ MORE",5.0
"Average product in budget, picture quality is average, it's call smart tv but there is nothing like smart except basic apps. sound is good, and no wall mount frame include you have to pay 399 for it, flipkart delivery is good and demo by jeevisREAD MORE",3.0
"Fantastic product,Flipkart service is commendable. Thanks to MI  TV for manufacturing high quality smart TV in minimum budget for middle class family and thanks to Flipkart for selling good product and thanks ekart & Jeeves for timely delivery and installation, good service. Awesome product every body should buy this TV, please switch over to mi smart TV. My personnel experience I am sharing with every one.READ MORE",5.0
"It’s an amazing buy considering the price and the offering. However, the patch wall is has a huge potential and need an upgrade. Infrared cable to control set top box is tidious and has to be configured every time tv is switched on. Over all worth the buy!READ MORE",4.0
"Wonderful tv, Great buy .. thank you Flipkart for home delivery first time u gave this..Tv is Smart as it mentioned , Color combinations are good Dark colors are little more darker sound is good. Overall a Best buy go for it.READ MORE",5.0
"Very good TV. Decent clarity. Contrast is little bit on high side. Cannot be compared to high ends like Sony which costs above 50k. However better than any other TV in this price range. Android OS is smooth and can be used to install Hotstar, VLC and MX player. Has a decent sound output. Mobile phone screen mirroring is inbuilt, another major advantage. The remote control is small and easy to navigate.READ MORE",5.0
One of the best tv in budget and its simply spectacular when we talk about its features very easy to setup and its connectivity is also flawless. Team MI you guys rock..READ MORE,5.0
Very Good Low cost Smart TV. very good quick delivery. excellent TV. Good clearer Screen.READ MORE,5.0
"Wonderful TV, ever I seen , product design and color is superapplications and software is very cool and user friendly. clarity of picture is super . more than worth for money.READ MORE",5.0
IT IS A VERY NICE PRODUCT I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THIS IN THEIR HOUSE ITS ALL FUNCTIONS ARE SO NICE IT IS PERFECT FOR MIDDLE CLASS FAMILIES AND ALSO I LOVE MI PRODUCTSREAD MORE,5.0
I'm KiranTeja Naidu I'm Today onwards took the Mi TV Itzzzz simply super bb.... sounds really great I never expected like that which gives good Dts Effects... but a little bit of heating on backside but it's not a matter.....Fainlly I would like to said 1 think itzzzz OsM....READ MORE,5.0
"Best product. This is awesome. Already I used it for 7 days, Best quality product. One small prblm is,my hand can't reach near the USB connection.                          Bt it's really awesome product.READ MORE",5.0
well in the price segment but they given a basic remote without mute button. ui loading takes time but it may fix in the next update. picture clarity is ok but viewing angle is not fine. sound is not up fo the mark. according to smart tv its fine but not to the tv loversREAD MORE,3.0
"Bang Bang, simply awesome..simply amazing picture qualityadvance features(mira cast, Wi-Fi, youtube,Hot star,play store,Apk apps etc..)Super smart tv for middle class budget3 -USB Ports3 -HDMI Ports1 -Audio jack1 - general Cable Port1 -DVD PortsDislikes;Wi-Fi direct file transfer Not Supported (share it won't work)Need to be upgrade Dolby Sound System.READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent Picture Quality , Good speakers. overall  happy with the purchase. many times better than these costly smart tvREAD MORE",4.0
Worth for money. I liked it because of sound quality and picture clarity... One thing they have to improve may be in remote its hard to work with it....READ MORE,4.0
wow product it awesome sound and picture quality pachwall OS  it good and price overall super ixaomi product...READ MORE,5.0
"Absolutely stunning 😍😍😍in love with the TV😘I got the TV on time. everything is great so far but the wall mount, I don't know why whether mi or Flipkart doesn't giving the wall mount.i'm also really happy with the delivery of ekart, and a bit dissatisfied too.(1 star hasbeen deducted for not giving the wall mount)READ MORE",4.0
Great product at an affordable rate. Wished it had Bluetooth connectivity. However fast WiFi connectivity is really the amazing feature of mi tv.READ MORE,5.0
Very good tv . Good feathers . Good sound .I Love mi tv.most value in money all the best mi customer s✌️👍👍👍👊READ MORE,5.0
Awsome tv and connectivity is very fast and this is very slim tv but only one thing for this tv that's remote very expensive because if I lost the remote so my tv like a box and I don't know how I will buy new remote otherwise this tv is super coolREAD MORE,5.0
picture doesn't seem like FHD when compared to Samsung or Sony FHD TV's..with normal set top box my old Samsung FHD tv picture was having high clarity unlike this TV..READ MORE,3.0
It is a good product.It is full HD look like we going inside Your all products are very useful and goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent tv wid exceptional picture clarity n full hd resolution and sound quality is also good with hd dts support.thnk u mi & flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
Before am using Sony Bravia 43w800c.now am buying MI TV picture quality is not that much like compare SONY but design similar to sony worth for this range 23000 otherwise TV is very good worth for buying in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product first of all thanks for Mi superb product picture quality is good and sound is welloverall TV is superb and is a budget price And finally Flipkart delivery is superREAD MORE,5.0
Yesterday I Ordered 29th May ....Delivered At 30th May Next Day Within 4Hrs Installation Done ... I Am Very Happy He Is Very Polite And Good Person (Installing Guy) ......READ MORE,5.0
Thank u MI for giving wonderful product at low price . thanks flipkart and Jeeves for prompt delivery and installation /demo service..one can go without second thought if your budget 15000/- for 32 size.READ MORE,5.0
My TV did not turn on when it got installed for the first time. Technician told it is mother board issue. I placed request for replacement and amazingly with in 2 days new replacement tv got delivered and installed on the same day. Super fast service by Flipkart and Jeeves technicians. I'm using this tv for front office and just serves the purpose. True VFMREAD MORE,5.0
"mi tv always super ,  sound clarity video clarity also good ### some videos audio formt not support please solve the issue any new updatesREAD MORE",5.0
nice pictures quality good sound and very good led tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Its a very nice smart tv for this price range. However apps are limited. Nonetheless, you can always sideload apps and watch any content you want. Tv sound quality is also pretty good, so you dont need to buy any speakers with this one.READ MORE",5.0
very good i like I love youmi led tvREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality could be better. Sound is great. Sometimes colour reproduction become so high. Also  black level can be improve with setting up backlight to less than 50 percent. While playing videos there are shadow around object on black background.  BTW fir this price this TV gives best vakue for money.  Also stick applications stuck sometimes like youtube. I would suggest to install youtube app for better experience. Overall it is good package for this price.READ MORE,3.0
"product is excellent according to there price, but the installation service provided by jeeves is horrible, there service engineer is helping on his personal level but the jeeves not providing proper data and appointment times to there service engineer.. so its really very irritating.READ MORE",4.0
After using of 10 days...it seems to be good television on this budget...yes picture clarity is not that much...one more the service of the flipkart/courier was worst...even flipkart is not taking responsibility properly... for courier services nd flipkart order tracking system rating was 0...TV was quite good...if u don't compromise on Money go for others...on this budget it was good product...READ MORE,4.0
It's awesome no word can say in its quality... And it is very excellent whose have high speed Internet. I love its smart apps......READ MORE,5.0
I am using this tv for last one month. Still not getting any problem. Color constract is good but not the best. Patchwall os is working fine. If you watch tv through AV then without hd set-top box then you will not get proper resolution. Through patchwall the free subscription of SUB tv channels picture quality are good. Overall the tv is a good buy.READ MORE,5.0
"I was in doubt about the picture quality when I purchased the TV but I never got disappointed. TV is very good and Patch Wall UI is a cherry on top! I've used almost every feature and apps in the TV and everything worked very good. picture clarity is very good as compared to Sony, Samsung LED tvs. there's only one problem that I've faced in the TV display is that it has a whitish tint when watching from sideway and can be noticed if you are watching anything which has a lot of black colour in...READ MORE",4.0
"This 43 inch MI 4A TV is a complete plastic dabba with about maximum 2KG in weight. Seeing such light weight TV gives a flimsy make feel, that is not at all great.Picture quality is Good, sound is loud but quality of the sound is just OK.I got the delivery on 3rd day in Bangalore. So called Installation and demo happened on 7th day of order.Installation and demo was a joke. The guy who came to install and give demo was not knowing anything about the TV and its features. He was only knowing...READ MORE",3.0
"wonderful Tv with awesome price , great deal .And fastest nextday delivery from flipkart and installation within 2 days.READ MORE",5.0
TV is superb quality.sound is good Nd easy to understand. Picture quality is awesome. Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
"Delivered on the promised date and installed free of cost, one day before the promised date. Nice product by Mi. Detailed review, I will give after one week.READ MORE",5.0
"A HEARTIEST THANKS TO FLIPKART AS WELL AS XIOMI TO BRING THIS KIND OF NEW INNOVATION AT A VERY LOW PRICE, EXTREME HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT , SERVICE & DELIVERY.IT CHANGES THE TV DEFINITION FOR ME AS WELL.READ MORE",5.0
MI SMART TV 4A 32 INCH   IS VERY NICE PRODUCT I LIKE   HIS SOUND & PICTURES QUILETY.ITS PRICE IS VERY GOOD RESONABLE  SAME TV   SAMSUNG AND LG SMART TV IS 25000 TO 28000.READ MORE,5.0
Wow...thanks mi for this wonderful entertainment machine just for 23k..guys who r planning to buy..don't wait just grab itguys who complain and compare with Sony etc better spend 23k +23k and go for premium brand..and you will not get such a Smart Function rich TVREAD MORE,5.0
best picture quality. sound is good internet access is good.best smart TV in reasonable price.READ MORE,5.0
Love this TV. Clarity is awesome. Best Smart TV in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
"I bought me and my friend 3 mi tv flipkart booked gati courier, 3 times not delivered manually I collected. TV Review:Display quality good, WiFi and screen mirroring good online video play is very good.  But RF tv quality not good and sound not goodREAD MORE",4.0
its an awesome smart tv work very well and picture quality is absolutely cool..READ MORE,5.0
"It is not LED It is LCDif the remote missed, you won't operatebcoz there is no button option on the TVPicture quality is Good only when using HD Video or HD set top boxFlipkart Didn't take return the productREAD MORE",1.0
"for this price it's the very best. picture and sound quality is awesome, beauty is cute remote.flipkart is best in e-commerce platform rather then others. customer service =super.I hereby recommend to every person that can buy any  products from flipkart without any hesitations.READ MORE",5.0
impress with the quality... very good TV in excellent price.... but sd channels don't look that good but hd channels looks really good very good... if your budget is below 15k then go for this...READ MORE,4.0
"Good TV with decent features. No App Store, so we need to side load apps. Apart from that at this price level it is a decent buy..READ MORE",4.0
"Hi all,A very nice product, within this budget one can't find TV like this. It has awesome picture clarity and and good sound quality.  Our money is hard earned money and this product is value for money. Guys go for it.READ MORE",5.0
"I actually intended to buy a normal 32 inches television for my mother for her to watch normal daily soaps, however when I checked over the sites, I found all good brands were in the range of 15k to 20k for 32 inch full HD televisions, I heard a lot about MI TV, I also checked for the flash sale and ordered a 43 inch full HD and that too a smart TV, I received it with in couple of days as suggested by FK. I dint have any experience in operating a smart TV earlier. I thought it would have been...READ MORE",5.0
"Patchwall is just a new concept, more to come I hope!! The price segment in India is though higher comparared to that in China; but it's worth every penny. None other than Xiaomi has such specs in the market. Loved the audio quality. Even being a HD Ready TV, the picture quality is worth mentioning; just mind blowing. Side loading apps is the thing that I disliked but considering the other aspects it's not a big deal. The remote is very user friendly as my Mom n Dad got used to it very quickl...READ MORE",5.0
Great tv at a great price the best part was the installation from the team of jeeves team they sent the installation team on time and installation guy Mr Abhijeeth was awesome great service 10 star for service team.READ MORE,5.0
Good smart tv in the market price..  excellent picture quality... Smart sound... All in all excellent....READ MORE,4.0
"I grab the Led 43"" smart TV in flash sale..I was luckiest person in this case, got the delivery after 3 days of placing the order...but one thing every one should aware that it's not a complete LED Smart TVit's a combination of LCD(Back lit is LCD Pannel) and front side is LeD ...READ MORE",4.0
the color and picture quality of the TV is very bad.connectivity is good.don't expect good sound.plastic body.I don't recommend it at all.go for blaupunk tv far better than this and you will get a sound bar asloREAD MORE,2.0
Its awsome fantastic tv It has its own  tv antivirus Awsome picture quality on HD IT FEELS LIKE CONNECTING THE HOTSPOT FROM ONE MOBILE TO ANOTHER MOBILE Its has youtube & hotstar And also has its own storage on TVREAD MORE,5.0
"This is awesome smart led tv unber 14k, worth of valueREAD MORE",4.0
one of d best tv in thos budget...display os crystal clear ...but sound clarity could have been better...very slim ...looks like a premium tvREAD MORE,5.0
Wonder full... Amazing TV from Mi.. I had tried ordering from Mi portal multiple times but couldn't.. Then I tried from Flipkart sale.. Guess what.. My order was accepted and bonus it's delivered next day.. and surprisingly installation also was rescheduled on 2nd day instead of 4th day.. Flipkart simply surprises.. SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome TV! don't expect display quality high. sound system really good and it was sutable for my living room. Not sure will service in future.  Anyway Overall I am really happy for MI.READ MORE,4.0
After long Reaserch i took mi tv 4a 43 inch tv is ok not that much super what i have watched in reviews..display icons are pixalated you canot play 1080 in basic youtube app.OS  is buggy...average sound quality ...if they come up with stable os will be good ..lets see..READ MORE,3.0
"Not happy with the options provided.Still it is very premature product and no access to major online streaming  platforms like netflix ,amazon etc.If software updates correct this it is fine, else it is a must no go tv for people looking for smart tv within this price.Build is quite ok but screen is delicate .Handle with care.Lag , aspect ratio , screen display are not really impressive.READ MORE",2.0
awesome led &  Great work Flipkart.. i ordered yesterday ..and Flipkart delivered me today ... Awesome workREAD MORE,4.0
TV is very good considering the price range.. picture quality is decent and sound is very loud even when set in less than 50%.Flipkart delivery was fast and product was delivered within 24 hours. and also the guy who installed and shown the demo was polite and knowleagable.. Till now before before using this tv for a long run I am satisfied.. :)READ MORE,5.0
Thanks for delivery very good TV mi 4a smart tv sound quality very high and picture quality best and conctivity very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"good buy worth the money, good clarityREAD MORE",5.0
Best led tv i never seen like this tv  I'm so happy thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
It's worth for money! Better not to compare with Sony or Samsung or LG. But it is a good product in the budget friendly segment. It has a bug of wifi connectivity issue. Hopefully i am expecting it to be fixed in the next OS update.READ MORE,3.0
"like everyone is saying; best value for money paid.do not expect brilliant sound or picture, but they are decent enough. sound is loud and clear, but do not expect Sony quality; comparable to that of Panasonics and Philips of the market. Picture quality is acceptable if you are not already spoiled by a HD screen. The biggest down is the lack of apps. The concept of content aggregation is nice, but it will take time maturing, till then keep hunting for free ones in a huge pool of contents.READ MORE",5.0
All over good performance.. sound loudness is not that much I was expecting... Can't get more than 720p on YouTube.... Never succeed in playing dual audio movies.... No audio in 1080p external videos since they are single audio videos...  I would have given 3.5* but there's no option ... An average TV but size and performance is good.... In 23K it's all over goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome features makes me happy but not happy with the process of installation and demo as the engineer only installed the tv and left away he has not given any kind of demo about smart tvREAD MORE,4.0
It's ok good but not very good the TV remote is very good over all worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
The product looks are great very neat even the remote are very cute and simple only aspects that the picture quality is not sooo good but if you go for HD the picture quality is amazing overall I would say 9/10READ MORE,4.0
"Awesome led smart tv in very cheapest rate.voice,picture quality and All functionality is very good.thanks to Mi product.READ MORE",2.0
The TV is very good and has a great picture quality . It is also energy saver . The price is also less . So I liked it too much.READ MORE,5.0
Best tv for the price. Even mirror screen options are available.. Good sound effects clear audio.. Video clarity is good.READ MORE,5.0
this is very good tv in this price. the remote i love the most that is so stylish and responsive.Tv is also fine picture quality is avg.READ MORE,5.0
good tv in this price segment. 1. sound is loud enough and quality is average.2. picture quality is good. 3. As of now..no app store is there..so you cannot install extra apps.4. patchwall is good. If you have internet connection you will enjoy it. 5. screen mirroring lags. I am not happy.. If your budget is below 25k. then obviously go for it. Smart Tv+ FHD+43 inch.  worth it.READ MORE,4.0
"Service from Flipkart is good as usual, T.V delivered in good condition. Over all good experience with Flipkart, and about installation service engineer arrived as scheduled time and provided the service in installing the T.VREAD MORE",4.0
Good product at best price. I already bought recently another model TV at higher price of 50K but not that worth when I compare MI Tv. Clarity is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Its  good performance is good Picture quality is perfect HD Needs to improve panel quality its  delicateREAD MORE,4.0
"Great purchase at a low cost, really happy with product, hd settop box must be used to enjoy best quality viewing experience.READ MORE",4.0
I have got this LED on Saturday and installed himself. It is very good tv and playing almost every format via installing vlc player. I am fully satisfied with this tvREAD MORE,5.0
"At this price, best smart TV.Ordered on saturday night at the 12AM and received on monday, installation and demo done on Tuesday morning, so overall experience was really good.even after sales services are good as I was facing some issues and called service centre n they resolved it in just half an hour.An above average diaplay and sound quality.youtube, hotstar running smoothly after update to latest version.overall it was a good experience.READ MORE",4.0
great product at a reasonable price..ita a smart tv for those customers who cant afford..40 or 50k..Thanx Flipkart for this.. Happy 10/10 😃😊😊picture quality is really good..nd also speakers sounds quality 🔊..And thanks flipkart service engineers for installation...with in 24 hours👍READ MORE,5.0
TV NAME IS NO LED SMART TV BUT WHEN U OPEN Box it shown on tvs left hand showed sticker it's LCD type tv not ledREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product.. patchwall os is good enough to handle the general tasks, but can be improved to support other android appsREAD MORE",5.0
Screen quality is not best that I have been expected but it is good. We have suggestions for xiaomi please launch full hd screen types led tv in future and include Bluetooth. Other features is good i.e patchwallREAD MORE,4.0
tremendous product... in a low price mi always worth for money... everything is awsome... loved it and happy to buy this product... thanks flipkart👍READ MORE,5.0
Really awesome smart TV....sound - Cristal clear soundpicture-clear picture quality...smart-its smart option very nice...Wi-Fi connectivity awesome....miracast is very super with mi mobiles...cost is very low.....READ MORE,5.0
delivery and installation on time.perfect tv for below 15k.picture quality is perfect when you have a HD setup box.more contents available in free of cost.READ MORE,4.0
Both delivery and installation are so good... quick delivery ever seen...one best LED TV if u don't want to exceed your budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Good service and fast delivery respective and pure service thank you filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
i'm gonna mention all points1.picture quality is good.2.sound is good and loud.3.features(android) is best.4.youtube work great.(Quality upto 1080p work smoothly)5.can install jiotv and watch all live channel in free.if u have good broadband connection say 5-10 mbps then i think u wont require any setup box.6.usb work great.7.beat if u have hd setup box.if u r planning to buy new setup box.pay extra 200-300 and buy hd box.8.remote is good but can be better if touch pad was there or mi...READ MORE,5.0
Good to buy nice product.. now it's updated and u can get YouTube and hotstar as wellREAD MORE,5.0
excellent product delivered and installation on time. flipcart is always evergreen.. picture clarity is excellent. voice excellent.  wi-fi connectivity is very good otherwise rest of the things excellent.. m happy with this product with this budget...READ MORE,5.0
installation service ia very poor. while communicating with installation person he told me that he is available only from 12pm to 3 pm in my office time. and installation done by him is not proper and tv is in not proper position. He was in very hurry and even not listening.READ MORE,2.0
Just after 1 year n 3 months of purchase It's stopped working.. Picture gone..n it was too costly to repair.. really sad with this purchase.. creen Clarity (Resolution) is quite good in comparison to many other brands (Main Feature).Sound Quality - Good.Look wise - Perfect.Installation - Easy & service provided very early..READ MORE,2.0
"The Image Clarity is way too good. However, people who also want good sound, please invest in a Good Home Theatre system. The sound in this isn't good at all.READ MORE",4.0
Superb Tv form mi and delivery on time thanks so much Flipkart full HD and smart remote good quality product great tvREAD MORE,5.0
Feature wise Good Smart LED TV but panel resolution is just HD not Full HD its enhanced by software only. Panel is not A+ grade it's a cheap panel. Totally made of plastic. Ok ok at this price. Don't expect anything premium about quality.READ MORE,3.0
i think this is best tv in this range nice quality n good sound i like it so muchfinnally i got this.....MI A4 LED TV 32'READ MORE,4.0
"Thanks mi & Flipkart for such a great product within a pocket friendly budget. Flipkart delivered the item within 24hrs and engineer also installed on the same day.picture quality , sound just awesome like home theatre. everything which are advertised and promised   fulfilled. thanks to save money again.READ MORE",5.0
awesome tv n features are good i liked mira cast feature n inbuilt voot app is niceREAD MORE,5.0
Yeah pretty much satisfied with the installation and demonstration .Very helpful and good nature.Anupam SinghREAD MORE,5.0
Best Led in this price range infact  its a very good deal i dont think you will get this much in this price range ordered it on 13 may got delivered on 14 may and got fitted on 15 may it was a awesome experience with flipkart team their customer service im very impressed as talking about MI led its an awesome led i am very happy with the product nice build quality nice sound and picture quality is the best if you use HD box..Go for it guys...READ MORE,5.0
This is a very good product in low price. It's demand is too high in market but it's availability is too low. I suggest that please make flexible t&c in the favour of your customer.  ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent work from Flipkart... Delivery n installation was spot on... keep going.... Mi TV is the best in this price range, couldn't expect more....READ MORE",5.0
MI TV 4A is awesome with the features it offers and at very less price. Delivery by Ekart was smooth and was on time. Issue is with Installation the price of Movable Wallmount is too high it is around 1500 Rupess and the quality is also not so good. I think Jeeves need to look into it .Check once before you go for Movable wallmount installation it costs only 500 online.READ MORE,4.0
"43"" inch led best for this price range &  but performance wise not as much as i expected. 1day aftr use the screen start blinking.. :(READ MORE",3.0
Really smart work from mi ...TV is really amazing...in this price range this TV stands in top of the order...go for itREAD MORE,5.0
If you lucky then you will purchase TV in flash sale. Only this thing is bed in TVI got 43 inch TV in second attempt. Next day I got TV by e kart courier. Very fast service. Courier boy open box in front of us for his surity that TV is inside or not. After received TV they called for installation and  next day installation done with demo by Jeeves. I used TV 3 hrs today all features work good.Sound system niceDisplay is also nice. But depends on your WiFi speed. Required fast speed oth...READ MORE,4.0
Very good budget TV got delivered on time and installed before one day very happy with TV no issues great sound quality. Highly recommended n YouTube never buffer if you have ok internet connection.READ MORE,5.0
Brilliant product and amazing experience. A thin screen could have done the magic in this price range but anyway value for money guaranteed. Delivery by flipkart in two days and got a call for installation within an hour of delivery.READ MORE,5.0
"I have been using this for last 2 weeks it's working absolute fine. Display quality is good, sound also loud enough for mid size to large room. Absolutely value for money. MI has vast service center network in Pan India. On time delivery by Flip kart as always and good customer service by their 3rd party vendor for Installation and Demo. Really appreciated. For better use I suggest to buy a good stabilizer & wireless mouse keyboard combo.READ MORE",5.0
Good experience from flipkart. only two days from order delivery. and another day morning installation also done. Mi tv clarity is good. wifi connection also good. Best serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome LED by Mi ....... Looks great and build quality is Valuable ...... worth the PriceREAD MORE,5.0
Received the order on 5th of April after one month use of the mi led smart tv 32 inch.i can say that it is worth of every penny...so blindly u can go with the mi tv's.And most important thing is that everything works properly if mi upgrades the Os it would be a plus point to it.....but happy with itREAD MORE,5.0
"Best Buy In 23,000 Go for It You will No get Any Led Smart TV In these price In the MarketREAD MORE",5.0
"This product is same one of the mobile, worth for money. I am received today(14.5.2018) . I like smart this mi television. I am also before buying oscillations are goingon. I am prasanna from Chennai. 13.5.2018 booking from flipk art, today received and installation also done . Thank to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
"nice product  . good sound , good picture , good connecting, nice for handling but starting TV open take more time .. I like remote so muchREAD MORE",5.0
firstly I have was hesitating to buy this one but this is best tv in this price  range/build quality best/sound quality best but little noise at Max volume/UI is also very good /image quality is also very good... satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Is is the best Led of mi and the most important part fast delivery service of flipkart. I am glad that I buying a product through flipkart appREAD MORE,5.0
Tv. delivered within a day thanks for Flipkart... Ekart.. for dispatching asap.. Thanks for M.Ganesh ID 00760 for explaining all function  and  teached to operate the tv. his work is brilliant and clean thanks for him and flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
Worth the money.. Good picture quality and good sound. Installation was delayed and the engineer was not friendly. Till now no bad experience but need to see the durability. Hope it long lasts. All the best MI and keep up the good work.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome tech  at lowest cost... YouTube works flawlessly.. remote control is pretty catchy for users ... User friendly UI .Patchwall OS was updated recently.. great experience in using this product.READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent product in excellent price.Using it since a month and it works like a charm.I bought it on first sale itself as it got an Android based software(PatchWall).Once I got the first TV(32), then I ordered two more ie 32 and 43 model and will be looking for 55 mode soon.Kudos to Mi team and thanks for Flipkart for selling it.READ MORE",5.0
"Finally got my hands on the Mi smart TV - 32"". I am very impressed with the product, especially at this cost, it's a  bargain! The build is good, so is the display.. plus the remote needs a word of appreciation, very well designed! Can't download/access Netflix though.. hence 4*s!READ MORE",4.0
Such a great product. Fully satisfied with sound Quality and picture quality. Best in the market in these price range. Just go for it. Screen mirroring is also good and plays a flawless youtube. Thnx to MI.READ MORE,5.0
- Display is above average not good.- Sound is not loud and clear- Smart features are not working properly and not easy to access it Smart features.- price is good so I am giving 3 startREAD MORE,3.0
I'm purchasing 5 days fast delivery & installationsits good experience for ordering mmnt My five attempts i wl get!t tv :-)I'm so hpy I'm purchased place  in a Saudi Arabia nice clarity hd sound yes overall good :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)READ MORE,5.0
Advantages : Amazing ! Superb... Great display quality and very decent sound. Very Much Satisfied with the product                     Disadvantages : ( But it doesn't support 1080p plus videos ) TV is slightly thicker than my expectation.                Overall Very Good Experience & Nice Product. ThanksREAD MORE,4.0
"Worth for each BuckAwesome deal. The TV produces natural colors. Nice design and liked MI Remote.Cons:Connectivity is big concern. successfully connecting with MI mobiles, but couldn't connect with other mobilesREAD MORE",5.0
Best one in this price.Have been using it for 3weeks and below are some pros and cons.Pros:Excellent user interface.Awesome sound.Best picture quality when viewed in hd.Cons:display size is of 29' approx.normal std channels are good but should be enhanced more.READ MORE,4.0
Vignesh.M j01927Has good knowledge in installation and his approach is very good definitely recommend to anyone good service best serviceREAD MORE,4.0
"Product delivery and installation was good and on time. The installation guy didn't have wall mount readily available and we used the old one which I used for Sony TV.  All ports worked very well. Picture quality we can't compare with Sony but it's good for the price we paid. Sound quality is good no need of extra speakers for normal viewing. There is a restriction on the apps which we can side load but most basic apps like hotstar, YouTube, Netflix, jio TV etc work well. Overall a nice packa...READ MORE",4.0
"Excellent tv, clarity is also gd, amazing sound , it's lound sound, fantastic patchwall software ,overall amazing tv ,in budget of 14k, it's worth of money..READ MORE",5.0
"I purchase it on 26th April. After 2 weeks of use here is my reviewPros:-Good sound quality (with no bass)very good UIgood connectivitycons:-average picture qualityviewing angle is worst, you can only watch good picture when you r  right in front of TV screen a slight change in direction  will give you very average picture quality.sometime speaker make some extra noise, ihave seen it from some reviews also.it could have been even better deal if they provide Dolby digital & Dolby dig...READ MORE",3.0
"The Product is awesome ! Flipkart's delivery speed is faster then 4g ! Yes, in just 3 days I got my TV. another good thing is that in just few minutes of delivery I got a message from Jeeves and I got number & Name of an engineer. after 2 days engineer came and fixed my TV. satisfied with picture and sound quality. connectivity options are good. patchwall is just amazing. remote is nice. display is wow. Flipkart & Mi's service is excellent.READ MORE",5.0
After 1 months use this tv nice tv good loud dual speaker nice picture quality but miracast screen some app black screen but normal videos songs working fine best tv for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"The TV is awesome, highly recommended at this budget. Also you get sony liv and hungama subscription free for 3 months best of all is miracast this feature is flawlessREAD MORE",4.0
good led TV for all in such a low price. nice picture quality and sound. online movie streaming gives feeling of theatre.READ MORE,5.0
best Led TV at this Cost can't get Better Specifications at This Cost from another Led TVREAD MORE,4.0
excellent delivery and installation. In HD setup box it works excellent and many features for this price. worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart Delivery was very fast but gati courier service s*cks my local courier took 3 days to deliver tv to my adress... Installation was at its best (same day installation) Now talking about tv... Its a must buy... I saw several people commenting of its picture quality that its very bad... But there is nothing like that... At first i attached free dish to mi tv (dd dish)  and the results were unbelievable i wasn't expecting so good output from free dish... And HD Contents n Chanels Output i...READ MORE,5.0
"Best smart tv at this price, picture clarity is goodREAD MORE",5.0
What a product.. Awesome smart TV.. Really proud of MiTV.. Quick delivery and Installation.. Must buy as it is in affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
"i really happy with this product for this price, upto now i  didnt check everything ..in my point of view picture quality is good ,sound is ok .negative one is .mkv videos files are supporting and running but in that video the audio is not supporting.READ MORE",3.0
TV is good in the price range. Patchwall userinterface is very good but  Apps are to be installed by pen drive as play store is not available. Overall a good tv.READ MORE,5.0
Its an awesome LED TV in this price range... Happy to buy the same... Thank you Xiaomi and Flipkart for this product.READ MORE,5.0
TV is good. Software wise i would say android play store access should have been given but still patchwall is decent.Sound is good crisp n clear. Image quality also decent. MI tv remote is also good having less buttons but still user friendly. Overall it is a good product in price range. Have trust in MI branding. Installation was also qucik n responsive.READ MORE,5.0
"Today i got my MI TV.Very nice TV, I am really very happy with it. great picture quality. sound is also very good. already pre install hotstar n you tubeREAD MORE",5.0
Super and fantastic led TV by mi thank uREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome smart TV for the price 13999. WiFi enabled and also we can cast our smart mobiles to tv.READ MORE,5.0
"Best Smart Led Tv With Top Features in 14000,1) PachWall2) Powerful Screen Cast3) Android And Wifi4) More Connectivity Options and moreREAD MORE",4.0
1 star left because delivery though was in promised time but it took 11 days from the order date....hope u guys can improve it.product is nice and user friendly. value for money..... can't expect much in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"tv delivery on time and the same day installation done, I m very happy with filp kart service. and tv Soo amazing in this low price. I love it 😘😘😘😘READ MORE",5.0
"Product is good ... Best tv in budget.. but instalation and deleivery was late.. and istallation charges high and instalation swrvice not so good.. but prduct best. .  My review after 7 days of using tv..still waiting for update playatore and others.now u r giving in,11000 ..  i purchase in 14000 and no any,update.. so pls gives update in 4a play store and othersREAD MORE",4.0
"best in this pricei compare this tv with vise, vu , samsung n trust me ,its passed all the comparison. in 14k no other tv will provide u smart tv features so go for it.some people told me that sound is quite low..bt its ok..So overall sound is good because in this price range how much r u expecting..if u want then buy extra soundREAD MORE",4.0
Very good TV.  OS is fast and user friendly. Display is better than other HD ready TV.Display and app support need to upgrade.Display is awesome. But not support more than 1080p.Mi need to upgrade the OS for support more app. Mi need to option for air mouse option.READ MORE,4.0
Worth every penny. Great picture quality. Awesome sound. Smart TV features works great. No lag whatsoever. Installation was hassle free. Thanks MI and Flipkart. Just go for it guys.READ MORE,5.0
"Hello everyone, I have used this TV only as a Smart TV and didn't connect my DTH yet. So, Here is my review about this TV:1. Picture quality was little blur but when brightness adjusted to 50, its very much fine.2. Ideal TV for 4 people to watch comfortably with a distance of 4-6 ft.3.  Sound quality is not good but I have connected a Creative sound box alongwith and it's very much ok.4. TV is light weight and can be easily installed over wall.5. Most important is I did not see any ...READ MORE",5.0
"one of the best tv is brought in last 7 yrs , when technology is changing rapidly. such good interface, content, sound and what not....highlight is the inbuilt content.only 1 thing , when we play music from inbuilt content, there is no autoplay mode, which kind of irritating.. for sure a 100% recommended tv.READ MORE",5.0
"Pros1. Tv picture quality is good. 2. Sound quality is good for a 14""*14"" room3. Value for money product Cons 1.YouTube is not working properly buffers frequently. 2. I have connected my dish tv dth with mi ir cable to TV But mi remote is not working properly.3. Screen mirroring is only working with mi phones.4. Don't have play store.5. No update has been given by company till date.READ MORE",3.0
"super tv in low budget...must buy, picture quality gud...bad thing is no bluetooth n app store plz provide app store thank u mi...but flipkart anytime gud delivery but dis time very late n I'm not satisfiedREAD MORE",4.0
"Delivery and Installation: Ordered on Tue, Delivered on Thursday and installed on Friday.Product: Excellent TV, nice sound no need of external speakers, Remote is fast, all ports are working fine, Picture quality is great, overall very happy with this in this price range.READ MORE",5.0
"Yes. I like this tv. Display, sound, perfomence and etc. But it not works google. If google is in next update. This product is very best in all other products.READ MORE",4.0
best price range best led tv i am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
worth at this price..  good sound quality.. overall a very nice product . but TV is not fully  32inch as compared to other brandsREAD MORE,4.0
thanks to mi for bringing this to all. but its on flash sale so its hard to get but you can . in future it will be a open sale .delivery was delayed because my location was an extra delivery location so gati was failed to deliver on time but it provided me in best condition thanks to them . Flipkart is always amazing but problem is they will ask you to wait for 24hrs and say same thing nothing wrong with them .the problem was due to gati . regarding installation :-it took 20 minutes to insta...READ MORE,4.0
SD image quality is bad. The installation support was excellent. They could have launched with 4k support. Only 3 hdmi port. No sort or filter on regional language. Sensy is not on main home page. OS does not have play store. Sound quality is not good when wall mounted. Smooth navigation. Excellent remote. NO Bluetooth.READ MORE,3.0
"Awesome product .Light weight.  Sound quality is good . Display is good, you won't be disappointed. Apps including you tube work flawlessly. Be sure internet connectivity is fast to use patch wall or any app . HD channels looks good . SD channels are not up to the mark.supports most of video formats . Overall satisfiedREAD MORE",4.0
"Best Smart TV till Now in the Market @ this price, awesome experience. And Flipkart's Service is too superb. Happy Shopping @ Flipkart👏READ MORE",5.0
led very good very good picture quality very good sound but delivery so lateREAD MORE,5.0
Fabulous smart tv and it is budget tv And pocket friendly i loveeee it and i love all also all the products of Mi....READ MORE,5.0
awesome nice video quality sound features full smart 100 percent piour ...no dout I m so happy just 13999/- money saving so wonderful TV of the market top 1 ....thanks MIREAD MORE,5.0
mi led smart tv 32 is good but i have some complaints about this product 1)there is no yotube app 2)there is no playstore app....so please update the system afterwords it will become even better product.READ MORE,4.0
Best tv in this budget or best tv in 32 inch TV but i recommend go for 42 inch TV is best option because 42 inch TV is full hd... TV software is amazing sound is good but bass is little low side... Rf remote is very good and controls setup box also through ir cable... Over all... Best TV... One important to bass only...READ MORE,4.0
It's a good product but has some cons which I have noticed after 10 days of usage.1- Display needs some change of settings as the default display setting is very bright and you will feel tiredness in your eyes after an hour of watching TV.2- Viewing angle of the TV is not that great. the picture is not clear when sitting on the sides of the screen and watching TV.3- Digital content of the TV (hotstar+voot+sony LIV etc...) is add free for now but it will be paid (or have commercial adds) af...READ MORE,4.0
At this price a good product.Only 720p HD playing.Sound is Good Enough.Over all Quiet enough Average one.READ MORE,3.0
"Last expected date of delivery was 24 April but it has been delivered 30 April 2018 Regarding it i was called to Gati courier of Jetpur for delivery any time. I didn't received any resolution by Flipkart after contact to Costumer Any body want to purchase this product, firstly confirm to Flipkart "" Service is available or not""? If delivery service is available in your area than purchase. Thank youREAD MORE",1.0
"I never believe Chinese products... but this one exception...TV is just awesome... all features are working fine.. easy installation.see if you buy LG, Sony, Mi TV, Samsung any brand LED tv hardly it will work for 4-5 years Max, so afforiding that much amount on buying them, I feel useless.. so just tried MI tv ... it's just awesome... I played same tv next to Sony with same channel,  I really don't feel so much difference.. sony has more color production but you know what? why do you need...READ MORE",5.0
"Worth for money, changed some settings and pictures looks like awesome. Sound quality is good so i removed 2.1 home theatre. Installed YouTube chrome and more app by side loading videos played without buffer, wireless keyboard mouse working fine, 2TB hdd and 32GB pendrive working fine more than sony smart, mobile screen mirror good without buffer. But IR Blaster is not good as expected.READ MORE",5.0
I had ordered my mi tv 4a on 24th April and it has delivered on 27th April very fast delivered by flipkart thanks for it and for installation I had to call many times but installation also done on 1st May very good picture quality and TV sound is superb and connectivity also very good thanks to mi for making this TV on affordable price!!!READ MORE,5.0
"My Mi tv got delivered on 17 April 2018. After using the tv for 10 days,  all i can say its awesome. Don't hesitate to buy. It will turn out to be the right choice. Get smart with this smart tv.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice tv.Loud sound.Clear vision of HD and non HD channels.Have 3 default apps you tube, hotstar and sony live.No broswer like chrome ,firefox or anything.Apps we can only take in apk format from n install in tv via usb.Over all i am happy with this.READ MORE",5.0
"I Narenda Pandey From Margao Goa I purchase first tiime MI LED Smart TV 4A  cm (32) it is best for my review because low budget give smart features like  YOUTUBE , holster play smoothly.sound Quality also good.READ MORE",5.0
"Im using this TV , very good and super quality as per amount , no complain   this TV , every thing good like picture quality simple user ,READ MORE",5.0
Picture clarity is really good and other features are also fine.. sound clarity is good.. hd works really good compare to other tv's within this rate...READ MORE,4.0
The TV is very good with reasonable price. Inbuilt Hotstar app & wireless connection features are very nice. We are very happy with the product.Delivery of the product was in time. Installation is done next day only.It would be nice if there is no charge for wall mount installation.Demo & service done by the technician is excellent.READ MORE,4.0
Nice tv...and amazing service by flipkart...but please try to give service in hilly areas also...because we are not able to  order at our homeplace....but nonetheless excellent service by flipkart..READ MORE,5.0
Nice tv good clarity and good sound also then i wil connect my mobile through wifi its awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product from Mi with economical budget. Hope, the life come for 6+years minimum.Sound Quality Nice and Display Good. Very Lite weight and Handy. Recommended to buy without fear.READ MORE",4.0
Nice Tv with very good picture quality and sounds with very affordable price for middle class in India . Technology should be for everyone.. Thanks Mi.READ MORE,5.0
"sound is not clear , front view is nice Night mode is good to protect eyes. Videos with smart view is not up to the mark! finally worth it with this price go for it 👍READ MORE",3.0
best in the range... nice picture quality good speaker quality... fabulous design...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product picture quality is good sound is good nice TV in this price accurate time delivery and installation.. thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"good tv at the price range, smart functions  good, but patch wall contant not use in Tamil. very very few in Tamil.other all futures working wellREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome smart TV only in 14K. Features are also good. Thank you Flipkart for such a great serviceREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product at this price range. Full hd lcd - led tv. Picture quality was nice. YouTube, hot star work fine. Sound quality was average. Mx player working on it, and you can play 4k video on the TV with it.READ MORE",4.0
best service by flipkart very happy but plz pay attention on your delivery time take toooo much time to deliver products . overall very happy i am a regular customer of flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is good at the price of 14K but display is not good. Earlier I had Vu Hd ready TV, it has far more better display than mi tv. Smart TV is ok, need to update contents to use it fully. I tried to install apps from third party but these r not working properly. Overall a decent purchase.READ MORE",3.0
its awesome tv all over good experience cheap price very best led tv in this range screen cast is superb I give him 10/9 thanku flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
suparb tv amazing in this budget colour and contrast is great and tv is very slim and the highlight is in this budget mi give smart tv features just love mi 😍READ MORE,5.0
"as long as you realise that this is not a branded tv you are ok. as soon as you start expecting too much, the tv will let you down.for example, the Wi-Fi is weird. sometimes it works like a charm at other times it just does not connect, no idea why. A reboot might help but also might not. Especially frequent occurrence with the hotstar app. I consider it not a smart TV but a 43"" inch full HD screen hence the 4 starsREAD MORE",4.0
"I have purchased this tv in march and pretty much satisfied with it.Below are some advantages and disadvantages of the same.Advantages:1. Its really smart- It does all smart things very effectively compared to other smart tv brands2. Super fast - I connected my 1 TB hard disc and to my surprise it instantly opened all contents without any time lags. Also one thing I loved about it is; I accidentally pressed back button while watching movie and when I pressed back play button, it resumed w...READ MORE",5.0
"Total value for money. HD quality is good but not as good as compared to Sony or Samsung. While playing YouTube, I tried full volume and it sound breaks a little bit and gives irritating sound but till 80% of sound limit, it gives good sound. Again not as good as compared to Sony or Samsung. Viewing angles are very good.In built YouTube is not good, it gets stuck and difficult to come to home page or search option if you are playing videos in series.MI needs to add a better YouTube app an...READ MORE",5.0
"This product is worth the price but base is missing from the speakers. The sticker label on the TV says 'LCD TV' under equipment type, wonder why that is so as LCD TVs' are a thing of the past. Buttons on the remote are not prominent. TV takes about 8 seconds to switch on which I feel is a bit slow. But overall a good and dependable product.READ MORE",4.0
"Such awesome quality in this low budget, and the jeeves guys (Subrat Barik ) so kindly behaviour and explain everything. Nice service by jeeves ,my led installation done on the same day my shipment arrivedREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome TV for this price range. Patchwall OS seems stable. Has YouTube & some online video streaming sites. But remember no play store. Screen cast works like charm.READ MORE,5.0
Price of this tv /compare to other HD  led tv /smart tv/  best in all class of people. i suggest this is good for low budget smart tv but one thing if you using  local cable operator the. original clarity you didn't get so best for any peivate  setup box useREAD MORE,4.0
loved the smart one in an unblvbl price. excellent service prompt deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome smart TV with affordable Price and best specifications, should go for this as compaired to other brands available in market.READ MORE",5.0
"Beast tv in this bought range .it's smart,solid and good looking tv only the display colours not too good but again this is bought tv so its good tv❗️READ MORE",4.0
great service. I ordered the TV. got it in a day. and installation was done on the same day. it would be great if Flipkart sends product by ekartl. Gati is one of the worst courrier services that Flipkart has tied up with. rest all is great. TV is also good. if you are used to watching in a full HD display then you'll feel the difference. else everything is good about the TVREAD MORE,5.0
best product in this range. But most important you are paying only 23K and getting feature rich smart TV. people who are using IPS display and looking forward to use this tv as their primary disply will be happy.display quality: 7/10READ MORE,5.0
"The product is as expected and just Wow Qualities.what a Smart work by Mi, All the Entertainment packed Tv, Thnx Mi. Youtube also working and everything. Thanx to Flipkart as well for there great services. Jeeves did not installed my product, as i did it by myself, but still Thnx to JeevesREAD MORE",5.0
Great product within budget. Go for it. If operating system was pure Android then it will be awesome. Otherwise it was the best you can buy @Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Best budject TV and safe delivery by Flipkart correct time delivery by Flipkart with better safety by FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"Really good TV at the price range and it's Smart TV too , easy to use , responsive..READ MORE",5.0
A very good product at reasonable price. The only thing is play store is not available and there should be voice input facility at the remote side to avoid typing while search the contents.READ MORE,4.0
"Absolutely Perfect @14k, Mi TV 32Inch is excellent, thank you Flipkart for delivering this awesome product, thanks Jeeves for installation and good service, Service person was also friendly.Looks - NicePicture Quality - SuperbSound - SuperbConnectivity – Over Wi-Fi AwesomeRemote – Small and does its job perfectlyTV life, need to wait and check in future.READ MORE",5.0
"each and every description meet, awesome  clarity Best Buy compared to other high brand TVs, but only thing it's not a LED TV, it's a LCD screen kindly note this point,  if TV is on for first time it will only display as LCD TVREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome LED in range.sound quality awesome 👌picture quality superb 👌go for it...READ MORE,5.0
Product was excellent and good and best price and service of installation was good service man was also freindly olive you mi and Flipkart diliverd one day late product  amazingREAD MORE,5.0
good delivery on time thank you flipkart I m happy nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"DISPLAY IS EXCELLENTSPEAKERS ARE BETTER THAN LG & SAMSUNGITS A SLIM GOOD LOOKING TVAND LEGACY OF MI PRODUCTS ,ITS A ROBUST DESIGNPATCHWALL OS IS CHERRY ON TOPJUST DONT COMPARE IT WITH SONY HIGH END TVsFOR 23000 ITS A BEST TV BETTER THAN LG & SAMSUNG 35K TVsREAD MORE",4.0
Best Budget Smart Tv!! Ordered tv on 17th April and Got it delivered on 19th. Installation and Demo all done same day! about Tv: The tv is good and worth the price. I didn't face any issues on its first day usage... So friends go for it...! its the worth the money! and you all will love it 😙👌READ MORE,5.0
Good TV. Just installed now. Fast delivery by flipkart and on time installation from Jeeves technician. Tv picture clarity is good. watching HD channels are a good experience.Reveiew after 2 weeks : Now my MI TV have Youtube app also. Thanks MI Team.READ MORE,4.0
"Ordered on 17 April , Delivered on 18 April, Installed on 19 April.. Quick service By Flipkart.  Good product at this price range. My first smart phone and My first Tv from Mi. Sound quality and Picture quality is good. Some times miracast not connecting issue happening when connecting by phone. Any how i loves it..READ MORE",4.0
TV has been delivered on time but installation they took almost 4 days from the day of delivery. Tv picture quality is ok if you compare to sony or lg. but its worth for the money. My suggestion go for full hd instead of hd ready for better experience. you can thank me later ;)READ MORE,4.0
"need to upgrade the software and need so many updates like playstore and access to webbrowsers,settings are very minimal anyways thats sufficient...sound quality need to improve its not tat loud...display is good ... sometimes while doing screen mirroring the tv get hanged some times...if Bluetooth wifi hotspot opt is available it ll be more useful..i hope MI ll give a software update to resolve all...channels are getting stuck while changing other channelsREAD MORE",3.0
Awesome TV with fast installation service and it's working fabulous ...Nice budget smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
very nice excellent clarity display good smart HD working superREAD MORE,5.0
Redmi led is very good features & best prices & service is very fast from flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
worthy buying with this rate. extended warranty is an added advantage. clarity is ok. sound is also ok. you should use HD connection to see the real clarity. otherwise please don't buy as the clarity in normal AV port picture quality is not good. overall I'm satisfied . Flipkart is very fast in delivering. installation and demo were done quickly. bought this TV April 1st week 2018.cons- as said by others mountable TV stand is extra charge.READ MORE,3.0
Best quality of audio and video. Wifi and screen mirror connection is very fast. simplified and user friendly operating system. smart remote control. valuable product for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Delivered on time specified at the time of order...Good TV in this price.. Scope of improvement in sound and picture quality both... connectivity is easy...start time is good.. look is pretty much ok... worth buying I would say...READ MORE,4.0
Its a LED backlit LCD screen ... not a LED TV ... not satisfied with this product .READ MORE,4.0
all is good in this tv but this is a lcd tv .......but a good product at this prizeREAD MORE,4.0
wonderful smart TV for affordable price best and it's enough for needsREAD MORE,5.0
One of the best to buy under 15k ! If you want to purchase a TV and your budget is around 15 ~ 18k then you can get this amazing deal by saving more money as this amazing product is available at only 14K while other brands with same specs and quality offer TVs around 20K ! Go for it till it lasts !READ MORE,5.0
Picture quality is good and sound is also good ... over all best smart tv in 23 k thanks miREAD MORE,5.0
perfect product and Mi is a  very nice good tv led lowest price I am satisfaction that product thank youREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is excellent. Flipkart services / packaging was good.Installation partner ""Jeevas"" was not satisfactory - not able to get the installation /demo done as per customer suitable time slot. I have to cancel the installation/demo service as Jeevas was not able to visit as per my suitable time slot (after 6 pm) AND get it done paid from other sources. FLIPKART need to IMPROVE services offered by Jeevas.READ MORE",5.0
PRODUCT MI TV FROM FLIPKART IS AWESOME PRODUCT BUT INSTALLATION & DEMO IS VERY PATHETIC THEY COMMITTED TIMIMG ON 5PM BUT THEY REACHED ON 7PM AT THE TIME AM NOT AVAILABLE IN THE HOME MY PARENTS ONLY  AVAILABLE @ HOME THEY JUST COME AND FIX IN THE TV WITH STAND SUDDENLY    STEP OUT FROM HOME WITH IN 2 SECOND. AGAIN AM TRY TO REACH FOR NEXT 4 DAYS THEY NOT PICK & RESPONDING MY CALLS. POST AM TOUCH WITH FLIPKART CUSTOMER CARE THEY CHARGE 250RS FOR  DEMO CHARGES NOW AM USING ONLY NORMAL TV AM NOT ...READ MORE,1.0
tv is good but they are not providing you play store so for that you have to download aptoide tv in which all the apps are not supported and if your handset is of pure stock android then you will not be able to connect with this tv using mera cast then you'll have to buy google chrome castREAD MORE,3.0
a good TV for new led viewer. patchwall is great. good response with WiFi connectivity and smart work. 4 star out of 5 because of no Google play store. but you can have paràllel appstore Aptoide to compensate.READ MORE,4.0
LCD not led... But picture quality and sound is great... No free content... Only 5mins to 10 mins preview of available content. Although best buy in this much price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Flipkart delivered on time and installation was done one day later. Being Android TV inbulit YouTube app doesn't work properly niether has smart features,has the Chinese OEM are not supported by Google play store.But the can be easily fixed by sideloading Aptoide TV app.READ MORE",4.0
looking awesome and best picture quality and sound but cast screen not proper work. not fully android support no Google Play Store Jio TV not open not open HD channels in the cast screen.READ MORE,4.0
Excellent service from  Flipkart MI LED Smart tv .very good picture quality& very good Dts sound...Thank youREAD MORE,5.0
good product with better screen clarity and sound.for this price range is a must.coming to others offer like sony liv and Hungama..they offer free watch for a limited period of time which won't create a problem as well as we have micacast and the same content we can share from mobile to tv and watch.. everything works good.  I have taken additional warranty from jeevas. but better buy the warranty while purchasing else you want to pay little bit extra latter if you want to avail this.READ MORE,5.0
"working fine, good futures, good sound from fast 10 days i was watching.Edit now : after one year using good working very niceREAD MORE",5.0
It's amazing.... Me and my family happy too see it in frist sight.  A smart tv in this price a wow quality.I really happy to buy this.... Thanks MI.. Love U..READ MORE,4.0
Good quality.... Best clear sound....  best casting.... best remote.... best tv in this range...READ MORE,5.0
"marvelous , simply amazing , in this price , smart LED TV. Nice product from MI.READ MORE",5.0
nice and super quality best quality led tv in the worldREAD MORE,5.0
"I purchased 32"" LED in 2nd SALE  almost a month ago.There are pros and cons. Please read this before you purchase -CONS -This product is LCD (LCD display with LED Backlit)Product stickers also indicate it is LCD, But they say it is LED backlit, so it is LED.Viewing angle of this product is very POOR. Even in 30-40 degree, the screen fades a lot.On basic test - press screen gently with fingers and you can find pixels spreading like we see on LCD monitors we used far before.The panel is...READ MORE",3.0
"Everything is working perfectly after 10 days of usage. Installation and demo service was quick. Picture and sound quality is good. Hotstar, YouTube, Sony Liv, Alt Balaji  and Hungama working perfectly. Till now it feels like a good buy for its price.READ MORE",5.0
wow Very good Picture quality and sound friends dont thing more if you need then u can book ...very nice LEDREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent Smart Tv that comes for this best price, the audio output was excellent and picture quality is Awesome(use HD ready Set top box).for better experience..The reason i gave 4 star is because it comes with less apps..READ MORE",4.0
Mi TV best product 5 🌟 for your product.worth for money and haven't referred for any other TV before I thought to buy a TV first comes in mind was Mi TV. I hope MI lasts long and experts you  better products and services in coming years.Got fed up with Flipkart services.Here people were so busy and don't have time to update the delivery status. Got my delivery on 10th updated the status on 12th evening with number of calls to customer care. One time escalation of problem is not enough to r...READ MORE,3.0
in this rate superb ! sound also good .picture quality is good but every time select which you want mode last seen memory not avilable is the negitive  and also no indicater on running conditionREAD MORE,4.0
Very satisfied with the product. I recently bought Mitashi for higher price than this but I m disappointed with the quality of it so I returned it and with the suggestion of a friend I bought this TV and after seeing the quality and looks I loved it. So my suggestion to people who are looking for a good product with a good price you can definitely go for it.READ MORE,5.0
good louder speaker enough for room and hallbut Bluetooth missing miracast not working good YouTube not playing full hd movie only hd 720p supportplaystore missing  but happy bcoz it's my price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Very Nice product. No other company is prividing features like this in such a low price. Screen quality is nice and same as samsung and LG LED TVs have. VFMREAD MORE,5.0
After 4-5 days using found that's a very good product picture quality is very very nice right use of money. Thanks to flipkart and mi team.READ MORE,5.0
best features but it is not Full HD the resolution is fine with 720p but whatsoever best smart TV in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Review for Mi LED Smart TV 43"". The device is good for the money it costs. The screen panel is above average and nothing extraordinary (Just as expected). Sound quality is poor and you'd be better off investing in a soundbar or dedicated sound system (Would recommend doing it). PatchWall content is decent but world wide content is a bit poor compared to local (India) content. As far as installation goes, I had a horrendous experience (May vary with individual). They rescheduled my installatio...READ MORE",4.0
nice product best pixel quality and very smart TV some issues for sound quality basically not good bass  but this price so it's very good.READ MORE,4.0
"Look Is nice, screen mirroring is strucking, we can't connect mobile to tv through usb, anyway clarity is awesome use hd setup box, sound is excellent, preferable and valuable item for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Firstly thank you Flipkart for quick delivery. Awesome smart TV with many features in budget price.Pros:Superb sound qualityFull HDPatchwall OS Connectivity to internetmultiple ports/interfacesEase of operation with new remoteCons:very few to mention..Better to use wireless mouse/keyboard for online searching in YouTubeAngular viewing is not so good compared to straight viewingOverall experience is very good on 3 days of usage..READ MORE,4.0
"Day1 review its good.. though product was received 2 days earlier to my nearest hub, it took 2 more days to deliver..god know who has given scheduled delivery...MI engineer came within 2 hrs of product delivery and done the things...very good feel at first look and visual.. youtube works well if u have faster wifi connection... haven't tried side loading of apps..got the info from fixing engineer that pendrive should stay connected for side loaded apps..READ MORE",5.0
"Amazing HD quality, delivered on time . Within this price range, MI is offering the best  full HD TV in market. You can't get better than this and that too 43 inches smart TV. OS is pretty smooth and the installation was very easy , I did it myself. Go for it !!!READ MORE",5.0
Amazing tv with great and smart features for such a worthy price. I would suggest everyone to buy this product since it has highly advanced features with low cost price.READ MORE,5.0
"Thanks to Price Tracker chrome extension which helped me booked the Premium SMART TV in budget,..great patchwall I unboxed and installed myself succesfully on Table mount, later enginner placed on wall .Insatlled myself Hotstar, Jio Tv , Youtube etc via USB apk file from PC wall..Dont think too much if you are smart go for smart choice and enjoy...my 30 days experience is great later will tell more.READ MORE",5.0
Overall nice budget oriented Smart TVPic quality-8/10Sound -8/10HD Ready Missing Google play store at least MI should provide their own store apps.Preinstalled YouTube stucks a lot so basically we need to find apk files and then install and check whether it will work or not.No pre installed browser support. Future updates if provided can enhance the user experience a bit.Rest price wise a good deal from MI and Flipkart.Installation was not hassle free as mentioned and provided by Jeeve...READ MORE,4.0
best of TV super quality best tv then iffalcon 32 smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not good Like Vu tvLagging in miracasting Sound is good No richness in picture quality if you able give little more you will get good picture quality in Vu Mi's not reached mark like phone in tvREAD MORE,1.0
Superb led smart tv..43'' so big and fabolous tv..i am very happy to buy this product...thanks to xiomi Mi..Thanks to flipkart ..READ MORE,5.0
The TV is awesome for 23k.Its flawlessly good. This featured TV is best you can go for it. I am satisfied with the TV.READ MORE,5.0
"Best Smart TV in the market in this range, super Picture quality and Massive audio quality ..... Thanks Xiaomi for bringing this amazing product to INDIA........READ MORE",5.0
"overall is a good package but main disappointed is Google playstore is not there. Picture quality is good sound is awesome, pathwall works fine but little bit disappoint with ir cable not working properly of all channels but happy with these price . I will definitely say that there is not Amy other brands competing with these price with all these features .READ MORE",5.0
At this price it is the best smart tv. Sound quality is phenomenal. But it only support upto 720p video. It does't have play store and u cannot install it. YouTube support it but it only play 360p not 720p.READ MORE,5.0
"The TV is good. awsome for users with android devices. But f you are using ios , then you can not cast anything from your device to TV its not compatible with any of the ios devices not even with the apple tv plus the built in browser is missing. so if youbare using ios devices and do not want to get a cable connection then you have to live with only hotstar and youtube.READ MORE",3.0
"Got the TV the next day after ordering it & the service guy came after the day of delivery and installed the tv on wall. Pretty good TV in this price segment. Came with 2 stands, TV itself & remote. Delivery guy first opened the package and showed the product for the ensurity. Go for this TV blindly it's worth every single penny. Audio quality is good as well. Pretty simple interface and you can connect your wifi and watch stuff on youtube as well.READ MORE",5.0
Mi LED Smart TV 4A 80 cm (32)Very good product very nice Picture & sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Under 23k is best smart tv amazing features and full Paisa Vasool Tv Love MI .READ MORE,4.0
Picture quality is very good like lg & SamsungOne day deliveryInstallation see is very good It is very good at this priceGo for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and smart product mi smart led tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and price is so good for purchase if you think about led tv so take to purchase mi good experienceREAD MORE,4.0
"Full satisfaction, full utilisation of smart tv, easy to use, picture quality is good, the most important thing is its sound quality awesome sound, where Vu tv has drawback regarding sound..Dont wait close your eyes and buy one.READ MORE",5.0
my opinion is this is the best smart TV in the world all the features are very good internet speed is goodREAD MORE,5.0
amazing display. Most of the contents are premium. To watch that we need to be a premium member with subscription. Sound quality is not that great. connectivity with external devices is up to mark. Lack of app store. downloaded apk's will not be compatible with patchwall OS because you can't control the apk's UI with TV remote. recently got the YouTube update and patchwall update. But still it's far better than other big competitors.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, best in price and best in features, it looks so slim than other T.V's, i am really lovin it.READ MORE",5.0
Display clarity is not clear. Look like lcd tv. Picture brightness and colour is very low. mirracast not support my lenevo phone.  Otherwise tv ok.READ MORE,3.0
Its really Spectacular tv #Mitv 4A 43inch and good features and reasonable price. The pixels and picture quality has been Tremendous and Flawless LED TV.READ MORE,5.0
Super TV in this range.... Did plan a buy new smart TV then most recommend TV.READ MORE,5.0
"excellent product at this price range. 1. sound is very good.2. smart tv feature is good.3. resolution is not enough for a smart tv, mi could make it higher a bit with some extra moneyREAD MORE",5.0
"pros: Good price, No comparison with cost to other TVs in this budget. plays 4k videos without any issues. 20w speakers give some decent performance. it stores cache and will show you the last watched videos with resuming the video from where it stopped.  cons : Almsot all digital tv apps wont supported in Mi TV (tried with jio, airtel, yupp tv). AMANON prime videos, Google play services, inbuilt videos in browser, adobe flash player wont be supported. when installed as wall mount volume must...READ MORE",3.0
"Best budget TV. I know that it's too much to ask for, but this TV could've been the ultimate 32 inch TV if it had an IPS display, was Full HD,   better software interface (Patchwall is kind of boring), better remote with Voice control and Numeric pad, and had included Air Keyboard+Mouse. Can't complain at this price though (Including Taxes - High Import Tax). However if you are upgrading from an existing Smart TV, then I'd suggest buying an Android/Windows box/stick for the ultimate Mediabox ...READ MORE",4.0
Worth money blindly u can go for this super Smart TV @ this range u wont get such a lovely kidREAD MORE,5.0
"Quite cool tv... I received it with perfect condition,  nice sound quality,  picture quality is just ok for 32"".  but lots of issue that's not solved by flipkart  to me. But the product  is perfect...  All the credit goes to xioami, for the first time I'm really not satisfied by   flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"awesome product, delivery was on time, installation was on date , the product is quite good and i am happy to have the product on the second sale .     :   )READ MORE",5.0
I am completely satisfied with this brand am a big fan of MI products when I was search the budget smart phone in the market at the time Mi introduce the one of the best model Max prime. Ive got this mob two years back still I love this same no issues facing till now no one can beat this feature wise and style wise also and second incident is I've got the smart TV in same brand totally awesome style and features rocking dear budget family's without doubt go ahead to this smart TV and installa...READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV in this price range. It has all smart features. Only sound quality is not good enogh.READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent product.  User friendly remote control and you tube quality was excellent. For TV channels use HD setup box to get the clarity.  Sound is amazing,  if you want to buy a smart TV with reasonable rate, just grab MI TV without having a second thoughtREAD MORE",5.0
very nc product and good quality product  at reasonable price and its delivery is so fast and goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Next day delivery by Flipkart, Next day installation and demo by Jeeves. Kudos to both!!. Amazing picture quality and sound quality in this Price. Improvement needed in OS and please add more HD contents. Hoping MI TV will have updates soon..!!READ MORE",5.0
best product nice display quality and sound also awesome totally super nice price also must buy it 😘😍READ MORE,5.0
Thanks to flipkart for quick and safe delivery. Picture and sound quality is amazing. It is perfect led tv at an affordable price.READ MORE,4.0
Mi 32inch TV looking awesome the best feature is very low weight it's easy to carry anywhere  and After delivered the TV and installation process completed on next day....READ MORE,5.0
Mi TV 32 IS an excellent product under the budget expectations of ordinary man.....This Tv comes with an excellent UI and more than that 500000 lakh hours of entertainment for free...and to our happiness MULTIPLE PORTS FOR OUTPUT CONNECTIONS...READ MORE,5.0
Mi tv 4A 43 inch is really fantabulous. Its performance as well as its price for the given quality can not be matched with any other tv brands. User interface is awesome in comparison to other smart tvs. Coming to the service provided by flipkart makes this deal to give me more than five stars out of five.READ MORE,5.0
this product is very good and I was excited to open and watch it. this device is more of my expectations.performance 4.5/5design 4/5display 5/5smartness 4/5picture quality 5/5electricity saver 3/5best product at this range. and thanks to mi and Flipkart.Flipkart delivered it very fast.and with best courier service.READ MORE,5.0
"Amazing product. Such an amazing smart TV, full HD at such a good price. I love this tv, I purchased it and Im very happy with this tv, its a must buy!READ MORE",5.0
very good service from flipcart .still i did not open the box because of right now I'm in native place even  I am eagerly waiting to see that .coolREAD MORE,5.0
"The delivery was quick and on time. Installation is also good and is  convinient if you are wall mount it as u will be able to slide the TV. The real deal is with software packed inside the TV.. There is no mi store or play store for additional apps.. The only built in is the hungama TV which is only thing u can play media on aside from USB. I have tried installing some apps like YouTube, Netflix from Aptoide TV apk. (Apps aren't fully functional though) I see only two pros.. Cost and easy na...READ MORE",3.0
excellent tv😄✌️# installation and demo by jeeves was awesome superbb loved it . worth for every pennyREAD MORE,5.0
every thing in tv is good but except port of usb nd other connection it is too much inside and not easy to use when we mount tv on wall please improve it mi. rest all feature are fantastic.READ MORE,4.0
"Fantastic Purchase for this price and Prompt Delivery.Installation fixed was not up to mark..the product packing was nice..Fine picture clarity , sound is not bad, black is not perfect ..but for this price experience is very nice.READ MORE",4.0
"Good budget tv. Really like the remote, very simple to use. But delivery took more time thanthe expected date. Sound system is also very goodREAD MORE",4.0
Nice but pixel is not clear So Go for Mi Full HD TV because it is worth for buyingREAD MORE,3.0
"Amazing TV at an incredible price. Great content on Patch wall. Crystal clear Images, speakers are good as it loud and deliver quality sound. Interface needs a little getting used to but otherwise simple to operate. If only stock levels are maintained this TV will be the bestseller soon.READ MORE",5.0
Best.. At this price range smart TV not possible but MI and Flikart possible this..Mi make best products and best sale..  delivery Fk. Best function TV. Fully satisfied me. Thank u Fk.READ MORE,5.0
first of all Flipkart delivery is so fast and installation done is next day on deliverysound and clearity is good but no buttons on tv for volume and channel change.IR BLASTER CABLE is not so usefulno free wall mount with tv if remote lost  then u cant operate  tv unless and until u buy new remotewhen u on tv there should be direct system to view channels like other brands but  there is home page system  and u have to select av and hdmi option to view it. but overall u have to compromi...READ MORE,5.0
Good tv but display quality is average. needs os upgradation which should be provided ASAP by xiaomi. picture does pixelate on set top box and also  while screen mirroring. it was worth at 12000  due to average picture quality this is one con but other things are ok.READ MORE,3.0
"Flipkart time to fast delivery,lots of save money,fantastic offer discount extra extra very very nice delivery person personal thanks to delivery person in Ekart courier service,safety package in Flipkart thank you so much,mi tv 32inch I get him bill&warranty quality of faith hope in amazing app in Flipkart online shopping save to time&money trest meREAD MORE",5.0
"'Received on the given date. Same day installation, too. Loved the kind of service specifically for this product. It's a good budget smart T.V. set. I'm looking forward for the first update of this product. Thanks #Thumbs_upREAD MORE",4.0
Realy loved it what a amazing smart TV with my budget.... Loved itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Smart TV at a Smart Price. Received in Good condition on time. Installation support is fine. Running Good. Nice Product.READ MORE,5.0
Quality display patchwall os is awesome for all performance I really like the speakers sound quality very loud and very clear audio effects really nice best for price list thanks Flipkart for right time deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"First impression - Good sound quality.Cable operator need to be upgraded to plot a HD channel over this display. Hotstar, Youtube and several other online contents are there. 5GB+ space available, 40% average RAM consumption.Starting up takes couple of seconds, I will compare it with CRT starting up. Smooth navigations and TV antenna connection port was a surprise to me-Tried mirroring but failed, may be because mine is stock android. Have to try again.The product is good for this pri...READ MORE",5.0
Superb Quality overall....#Flipkart is rocking now a days prompt #delivery unexpectrd before time installation by #Jeeves and a superb qualified engineers.Overall PAISA VASOOL deal...#shaiprajapatiREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV good one...... At this rate it's amazing.  fast in Internet and TV works really smarter.... I love itREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi All,  Better we analyze this TV on below major factors:1. Display & Led Technology: No doubt its dispaly is awesome in this price range. Its just due to its DLed tech which is much better than Iled technology.2. Smart TV Functions : This TV has everything which we are expecting in our purchases. Via internet access, its no need to look into the digital set up box. Everything is on the scree due to its unique Patch wall technology. Its new and easy to user friendly. This Smart TV has smar...READ MORE",5.0
Good and prompt delivery by flipkart and good service installation by jeevis It's a good tv on this price by  Mi but in tag its mentioned as LCD by TCL its an LCD r led I am confused no inbuilt apps r play store in this tv its a smart tv know it must included mi should look to  change this because their market need to build up as mobile other manufacturer must come down hw much they cheated people of India jio for other network colapse and Mi for mobile and tv collapse they must production in...READ MORE,4.0
Best in picture quality and sound. I wasn't expecting that it can be so good. For 23k its worth and awesome deal. I will recommend every one who wants a smart TV for 20kREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product and Flipkart is the best online shopping and MI led TV is fabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Super tv wid best price and excellent features and good installation services.READ MORE,5.0
"MI LED Smart TV 4A 80 cm(32) only installed on 16.3.2018. I am very much regretted that no one given the DEMO so far, as promised by Flipkart/MI.  How to know the features of the MI TV without giving the DEMO ?  Still Iam waiting for the demo and there is no response from the Installer, despite of several times contacted over phone.  STB Controller just inserted, but not working.  kindly arrange the demo for the above MI TV. More than 15 days gone, kindly arrange for Demo to honor the promise...READ MORE",3.0
oh my god mi is best in the electronic market.mi tv is fab.i am fall in love with tv amazing features and quality is brilint.just buy it man.i love mi big fan of mi.tv is best but sound quality is problem otherwise it make me feel haven.picture quality is briliant.READ MORE,5.0
Wow Great Product By Mi Love U Awsm.....Fully Satisfied With The LED TV....READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product in that price range. Go for it if you want to swith from normal picture tube TV to smart tv experience. Sound quality is good. Picture quality is good. Remote controller is very easy to use with minimal options in it. Thanks to flipkart and mi.. On time delivery and service was too fast.  Feeling happy after buying it.READ MORE,5.0
Very Good For Service And Very Fast... Mi Tv Is Best For Me. but Company Don't Provide Any Accessories Like Wall Mount IR Cable... Wall Mount And IR Cables Amounts Is Extra...READ MORE,4.0
I like it very gud product but I thought it is led but not it is lcd screen but it is gud but I'll give 4 stars but service was gud but it is much better than other tv....READ MORE,4.0
very good service by flipkar.....nice TV very excellent sound and handy remote... display was good and overall worthy .....READ MORE,5.0
Cool tv ..takes you to just another level of viewing television with decent price. Display and Sound quality great . YouTube gets installed automatically when u connect to internet..READ MORE,5.0
Great product at a cheap price! Well done Xiaomi for bringing this appliance to the much needed market.Pros: 1. Miracast works well with my OnePlus. Minimal lag and works like a charm.2. Simple UI and remote interface.3. YouTube and Hotstar support added.Cons:1. Not enough loud if you wall mount it. Good for small room.2. No FM Radio Integrated. Normally TVs nowdays have Integrated support for FM but this doesn't have it.Must tell you support from Jeeves is really good. I took the ...READ MORE,5.0
Super best fantastic service and installation is also made very fast ..... Good product by mi.... I'm loving it......READ MORE,5.0
It's super and extraordinary smart TV in cheapest cost it's acheap and best tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product but it not support jiotv in remote, using mouse it works well. And the remote is not easy  to use typing letters Using mouse and key board it is easy to browseREAD MORE",4.0
Mi has come up with good products for all the levels of customers. Great choice to buy #Mi4a its time to be smart !! Things we hate in #Mi4a : We dont have apps like YouTube and Hotstar. Even there is no Mi App Store also .READ MORE,5.0
Within 3 days I got this TV. And it's really superb in this cost. Thanks MI really nice and thanks flipkart team for same day installation.It was great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
"MI TV Best of Tv,& Good Service are & best for engg Service,and good jeeves company for service, Tv are Best Perfomance ,READ MORE",4.0
I received on 20/03/18.. Installed on 23/03/2018. Delay in Jeeves. Very good product at this price range. I have checked full HD video in that no lags in display and sound. It is not supported to display *.mkv format video files but we can hear audio with nice sound effect than MP4 sound track. We can install APK files through USB port. It is super to middle level budget customers.READ MORE,5.0
it is a very smart led tv and it's look's is a very beautifulit is a full hd display it is a android led then use us a led very simple and comfortableREAD MORE,5.0
At 14K price the TV is awesome. Sound is very good picture clarity is amazing got it delivered within 2days of order. Its surely the TV to go with for your bedroom and living room.READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome buy. Picture quality,sound and ease of use is excellent. One of the best smart TV in very economic cost.READ MORE",5.0
Very good mi led tv is good price.And flipcart courier service is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome TV worth to buy at budget rate..... But I need to know which is LED or LCD TV... I have attached the photo of pasted label on my MI TV which indicates Equipment Type : LCD Tv.. So please clarify...READ MORE,4.0
"Mi LED Smart TV 4A 108 cm (43) looking wise very good, picture quality & sound system very nice. another brands price wise comparison this Mi TV very good product. ""Thanks""READ MORE",5.0
Mi TV is excellent and nice look so I love this mi TV thank you sooo much Flipkart for reaching my home butREAD MORE,5.0
Best smart TV available. Now Hotstar and YouTube app are available. The remote is great.  Linked it to my cable set top box. The screen cast option is working fine from different phones. Sound quality is great. Good TV from Xiaomi.  Quick delivery and installation by Jeeves. Nice to have this smart TV.READ MORE,5.0
"Writing this review after one day review,  as of now the tv is just awesome,  great picture quality and equally good sound,  the patchwall though will take bit time to get used to, also if u have mi phone there will be no lag in screen cast,  otjer mobiles there is some... Overall a great buy at this price.... ☺️READ MORE",5.0
"Nice value for money.  Superb display and sound.  . Completed in love with this mi tv 4A 43""READ MORE",5.0
This tv is very super. 1GB ram is also getting very speed.first  i was buy a Hd Ready and I saw a another  quality of mi tv and i cancelled the  Hd Ready. I like Full HD waiting for buy a full HD it was quality:1 and I saw next sale was putting on (20th march )I was buy it. by the lucky I got it by second day. I was shocked the two man came and opened it. It was really beautiful. The demo will After 2 hours the man told but in the order they come in saturday. They came and finished the demo. ...READ MORE,5.0
"Awesome product, excellent clarity and sound. Worth for the price.READ MORE",5.0
Amazing TV.Really worth.Bt Patch wall need more improvements.20 w speaker produce better clear sound(Bt low bass).  Overall Mi did good job.No doubt this is India's budget TV.READ MORE,5.0
Only  improvement required in OS.It should support play store....Miracast worked but not have same phone quality...little black shade observedI have used aptoide tv app for install youtube and other apps.Picture quality is very good.Design is excellent.Features are fantastic.READ MORE,4.0
Good buy. Still expecting lot from mi about updates and apps. Good picture quality and sound is also fine. Looking forward for next update to get missing apps like YouTubeREAD MORE,4.0
"It's good , I m not telling superb ani but better than all TV in this priceREAD MORE",4.0
Nice Product. system support and YouTube connectivity aregood.Need to improve Plastic part (Outer frame) quality .Part delivery condition good and delivery date is on time.Jeeves service person installation and explanation of product feature is very good.Installation complete before 2 days for committed dates. ManivannanREAD MORE,4.0
"After using of 3 days, at this price it's a great deal.. patchwall must be upgraded soon for best of use of this TV.....Display 3.5/5Patchwall 4/5Design 5/5Remote 4.5/5Service 5/5Smart Tv 4/5Overall 4/5Cons - Display will be better, No Mobile support via usb, No mute button, no TV controlling button with TV, play service not supported and for that app like hotstar not opening....READ MORE",4.0
Loved it. It has everything you expect in this amount. Thnk u MI fir this awesome Smart TV.READ MORE,5.0
one of the best tv in this budget..u can side load all the android app..sound is excellent..even the picture quality is almost like that of a full hd tva great purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
"Bought this TV just 2 days back. Was exciting to see that 1st smart tv to my home. It is quite superb and looks good. Here is the rating. Was assumed it was too small, but it's really big and fit to my hall. So happy abt that. in Addtion, Youtube and Hotstar has been instaled in tht next release.Sound clarity 4/5Patch wall. 4/5Screen mirror 5/5Net Bandwidth 4/5READ MORE",5.0
tv is very nice value for money. but I may not happy with Flipkart..I ordered the tv at sale... Sale gets over within be seconds.Flipcart allowed me to take the benefits of extanded warranty.. Flipkart should give the benefit to customers to buy the warranty within 10 days from the date of shipment other productREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product from mi and very good quality display quality and remote option also good 43 Inc is best for tvREAD MORE,5.0
Wow mindbloing TV I love u mi Ur the real hero in India what a pic clarity sound is amazing all TV are charming ...READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Tv picture quality and sound was really good  . Delivery and installation on time . Its a great deal . Thanks Mi to bring such a nice product .READ MORE,5.0
Google play store not update. Update google play store and YouTube is very smart TV in low baget . every think is best. Flipcart service. Is good. And installation jeevas is very nice and good information for demo. Earlyar updates very nice smart tv.READ MORE,5.0
Fantastic what a picture quality great sound worth of money but one prob is there is mira cast doesn't work properly :( hope MI will soon resolve this issue otherwise worth of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Had booked the product during the Flash sale on 16th March. Received the product on 20th March. Yet to be installed. 5 stars for the product delivery in time.  Stay tuned for the updates.Tv performance is awesome. I purchased MI IR cable from the technician. It does a decent job. Mira cast works well. YouTube, HotstAr works well. yet to try other apps.READ MORE",5.0
"Excellent product.. brilliant work from the mi team.. thanks 4 giving us a beautiful product with in low cost.. the tv remote is looking sleek design, thats looking awesome.. good picture quality and audio quality.. I am 💯 satisfied with this product..READ MORE",5.0
Nice Tv the Delivery of the Product Is nice and installing also very very nice another great product from mi Thankss to MIREAD MORE,5.0
"Worth every penny u invested. As per the pricing,this is the best in class display u can get with all the smart control. PatchWall works perfect,but the movies listed mostly need to be paid for (who cares,there are 2 usb 3.0 ports! connect HDD directly and enjoy. I connected mine 2TB Seagate. Works like a charm)Remember to take the IR controller from the technician for a charge of 200/- (it shows out of stock always on Mi.com) which will help u to connect settop box directly from Mi remote a...READ MORE",5.0
"Product was very good, picture quality, sound, wifi, internet, screen mirror, friendly user  overall very good buy for this product and good price and i am waiting for usb blaster from company side.READ MORE",5.0
"The product as such is good and value for money, but I wouldn't say that this is the cheapest 32 inch TV HD ready TV. There are many options in Flipkart itself atleast 1000-1500 less than the Mi price, more importantly free to Order and not flash sale. Flash sale s something will surely make people move away from Mi Brand, especially if there are alternative in same segment, with but cheaper price and easy to buy. Mi please watch it and take necessary corrections measures.BYW, I appreciate F...READ MORE",5.0
"1st Smart TV and its really SMART, the best of all in this price range. I tried sideloading youtube and surprisingly played well without any lag, blacks are low lil bit from far its ok And Mainly It takes some time when you reboot.READ MORE",4.0
"Perfect picture very clear, look nice, good wifi experience, screen cast good with very miner lag, overall best tv under 20000rs no one can beat in this category,READ MORE",5.0
"Good product, good picture quality and design.Worth for this rate. Good delivery by Flipkart and what surprised me is the installation team has communicated to me 1 hour before the delivery.Nice purchase experience.READ MORE",5.0
Real Good picture and sound Quality. Worth the price paid.. easy to set up and has a very simple Interface with a compact remote.READ MORE,5.0
"Led quality awesome and many features in led and many apps and sound quality is best , thank you mi and fliptkartREAD MORE",5.0
Super nice photo is very nice sound is very nice quality is very good thank you Flipkart MI is very good product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Smart Tv till the Date!! Display is Superb Sound Is Awesome.. Quality is Great.. Remote is beautifull.. Overall a fabulous Product..!!READ MORE,5.0
"Superb tv, easy to operate, smart remote, good quality simply super. The only thing is delivery is worst and also no payment option if i want to pay money after i made an CODREAD MORE",4.0
Nice smart tv esthetic looks good but lcd panel written on it rather than ledREAD MORE,3.0
"Superb Tv, With All Superb Features, Loved Patch Wall O.S, After 4 Days Of Usage very Impressed.   Good Delivery By Flipkart And installation And Demo Was Also Awesome.Cons: **Very Very Disappointing With Flipkart Packaging, No protection At all , only the original Box, In my Package There was a Hole Near The Screen, By Gods Grace Nothing Happened...**Flipkart Must Look Into It...All Rest Was AwesomeREAD MORE",4.0
"Best quality TV with smart function. Worth for the money you paid. Patchwall, Mira cast, Trendy remote control, online streaming apps are fabulous!!!READ MORE",5.0
Nice led smart TV. To good. I like itREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful Product ... Best In Class... Awesome One I Just Loved It... Delivered On Time Thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
MI Tv Panel is not good  and also no preinstalled apps are available especially youtube. In order to have the apps So download APTOIDE.APK  and install in your Tv using USB. Through this app we can install the apps like Youtube and also install Google play servicesREAD MORE,5.0
"I ordered this in flash sale Monday, I got it next day and its very interesting and fast delivered to me.. Installation done at my place and Its a smart TV finally im Happy. Mi Always Rocks..READ MORE",5.0
nice product in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
worth of money...READ MORE,5.0
it's super quality and valid price .. superb picture quality sound quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
awesome TV I like it the most best delivery with on time deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
What a Product Sarji??AWESOME  SMART TV IN BUDGET RATEREAD MORE,4.0
awesome Mi tvREAD MORE,3.0
superb TV.excellent performancenyc soundaptoide TV latest version makes bit slowerREAD MORE,4.0
Best tv in this range.please upgrade the os which must include play store/YouTube/hotstar etc.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
picture and sound quality of this tv is quite good but i have one doubt why its star rating label is showing that it is lcd tv because xiaomi is selling this tv as saying its led tv...READ MORE,4.0
everything is fine but I have doubt. its mentioned as led in website but its printed as LCD on boxREAD MORE,3.0
wow. picture and sound quality is awesome. 😍Display sticker maintained its LCD TV 😒Delivery and installation very well but wall mount charged extra 500rs.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome sound quality with great ClearityREAD MORE,5.0
"Really Awsome Product delivery is delay rest of all  super....,,,READ MORE",5.0
"it's so smart , awesome features ... 😘😍😘READ MORE",4.0
Awesome Awesome 😍😁READ MORE,5.0
good workREAD MORE,5.0
"Superb, Really best TV in this price segment................ 😇READ MORE",5.0
zabardast tv ....READ MORE,5.0
"Running good got hotstar and youtube app updated after use of 40 mins overall nice hd tv not full hd and fast delivery from flipkart, However installation person cantacted before delivery of tv😜READ MORE",5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
super..READ MORE,5.0
super product and good installation Service by Jeeves..READ MORE,5.0
best tv in the worldREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Overall great experience. Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
amazeREAD MORE,5.0
"Everything is good.. picture quality,sound etc.. but one thing which has to b rectified is Must include some apps like YouTube,hotstar etc.READ MORE",5.0
Nice product and filpkart and installation services also good as well.. awesome picture quality and miracast function is well...READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
"So far so good. Good sound and picture quality. Patchwall is decent. Jeeves did an awesome job with the installation process. Only concern is the lack of a browser and apps like youtube, prime, sun nxt etc :(READ MORE",4.0
"Awesome...So nice product in this budget range. Picture quality is very good. Sound is not so louder but clear and ok. Don't think, go for it.But delivery service of GATI COURIER is worst worst worst. My package arrived at my nearest delivery hub on 31 March but they didn't even call me till 8 April, at last I picked up it from there myself on 9 April.5 star to MI for TV,and 0 star to GATI COURIER for delivery service..READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Sound Quality & Great Clearity...READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV.Delivery is awesome.On TV rating sticker it shows equipment type is LCD.Please clarify my questionREAD MORE,5.0
within two hours delivered and installed awesome clarityREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome TV with reasonable price....Good resolution, good sound & overall performance is good.READ MORE",5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"good tv great picture quality ., light weight body{ I LOVE MI }READ MORE",5.0
bst price bst pictures quality supaaaaaB productsREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
mi tv 4a good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Excellenttv with budget price. recommeded o everyone.READ MORE,5.0
good product...READ MORE,3.0
"Display clarity is nice,, sound 🔊 is good till 75% volume, after that it tends to provide more noice. #honestypricing #valueformoneyREAD MORE",5.0
The product is awesome no argumentREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
I have purchased this TV and placed replacement request within 6 days of usage. facing the screen shade issue.. below is the screenshot.READ MORE,4.0
"Excellent product at the best price. Display , sound is better...worth buying...READ MORE",4.0
There is a note on the box.MiTV is a LED backlit LCD display? What does it mean? Is it a LED or LCD? Manufacturer is TCL overseas electronic. Imported by Xiaomi.READ MORE,5.0
picture quality very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
"Flipkart superb, awesome MI TV I loved itREAD MORE",5.0
i can connect my pc. eventhough my pc supports only vga slot i can connect using a vga to hdmi coverter.great sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very nice TV in recent days .I am very happy with this.very good performance of itREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv in this price 13999.READ MORE,4.0
simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
awesomegood MI smart TV in the countryREAD MORE,5.0
super TV  Arasu cabal ir blaster work superREAD MORE,5.0
display quality is goodsound quality is also good..no need for special speakerswaiting for app store so I can download more appsminor software crash sometimes but it can be fixed by re-startREAD MORE,5.0
"Patch wall and MiUi, the best thing ever happened to a TV.READ MORE",5.0
nice ledREAD MORE,5.0
Cost of rate for this TV is very very worth compared with other companyREAD MORE,5.0
Vary nice tv. Price is vary lowREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome tv....Mi rocks as usualREAD MORE,5.0
Received mitv today when wifi is connected the tv is flickering and i am unable to see any tv programme when wifi is off tv is normal and i can see all the programme. very very disappointed with the tv performance not expected from mitv. still no call or reply from flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
GooodREAD MORE,4.0
totally value of money. thank you filpkart for past delevery.READ MORE,5.0
installation ad demo is delay ad not responding .ad product is good ad super...READ MORE,5.0
wow it's amazing tv in cool price!✌READ MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,1.0
excellent sound and video quality at such low price.READ MORE,5.0
The first impression is  WOW. Awesome product in this price range and in love again with MI products.READ MORE,5.0
"After a long wating... I recived the product, very fast delevary service by E kart. Awosome product. Mircast is not playing properly.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product at this price range and Great product to go with!READ MORE,5.0
everything is okk.....READ MORE,5.0
"Excellent performance.what we will get from market other than mi TV for this price. fast delivery by Flipkart within 2 days, Bangalore to Kannur.due to reschedule of installation place, it takes 6 days from delivery to demonstration.READ MORE",5.0
"Miracast is awesome... Though it lags sometimes... Display is decent as compared to price bracket. You don't get a 43"" smart tv at this price! Love the minimalistic remote... Value for money...READ MORE",4.0
Absolutely Fantastic. Excellent Sound Quality. 4.5/5Super Design. 4/5Picture Quality is good. 4/5Smart TV Features  5/5Android Application Supoort: 5/5Overall its product no one can deny. I have installed Android App using USB Pendrive. Connected my Tata Sky HD box. Using Computer with VGA2HDMI  convertor. I must say this is smart buy for all. In the end. Remote i liked most :)READ MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Not recommended to purchase the TV.I was excited when the TV arrived and it worked flawlessly for a day. Though the picture quality was very medicore , I was satisfied for this quality at this price range. But my excitement turned into disaster when after a day my TV started developing ""greenish display and blurred images"". I have asked for a replacement. Is anyone is facing the same issue please let me know by a placing a reply.Hope Flipkart solves my problem soon.P.s : The display pictur...READ MORE",1.0
delivery man is awesome n nyc productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
The tv is amazing though you have to side load apps but the tv is worth the purchase. 4 stars only because the installation was a bit late.  (heres a size comparison of 32inch and 43 inch tv)READ MORE,5.0
will not recommend anyone to purchase such kind of product .Before purchasing the product company says it has a replacement policy but after I purchased the TV within. 10 days of purchase I found an issue in the product and requested for a replacement but the company says it doesn't have a replacement policy and only thing they can do is just to repair the product.So please be careful before purchasing the product of this company as all the services and facilities they provide before purcha...READ MORE,1.0
Superb product from Mi but can't say about sarvice centerREAD MORE,5.0
very good product....value for money........delivery was good and service also....READ MORE,5.0
Mi is nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Fraud product please don't take picture quality very poor . Its a replacement policy no any option for u.please don't take.READ MORE,1.0
picture quality superb.lowest price and very good tv.go and get for itREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super TV in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
1. picture quality is not so good!!! 2. delivery is poor.!!! 3. sound is  ok.3. YouTube and prime videos are not available??!! buyed in exitment !!! but not up to mark 😫😒READ MORE,2.0
Excellent tv.picture and sound quality is good. Delivered on time and installation on the same day.READ MORE,5.0
Demo and installation service is good but too late overall good needs improvement.Flipkart delivery was also very bad as they makes too late in delivery.READ MORE,3.0
"Purchased MI TV 4A....It's gud but.......Unable to install YouTube or any other browsers/appsIf installed any APK also not workingHDMI through laptop not working properly showing only desktop, if you play video still showing only desktopWireless sharing from mobile is truckingREAD MORE",2.0
very very good tv.READ MORE,5.0
display quality is very very very bad buy other brand choose same price display size 29inchREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product but picture quality is not too good and Any channel playing in Av mode Or STB   then the background is foggyREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome Smart TV..I love it. value for money.but one small helpI'm installed in third-party apps like youtube, Google Chrome & play store it's not working my TVI don't know how it's work??if remote lost unexpectedly how can operate tv system.??for fitting inbuilt tv screws not supportedhere some pics..patas (full to bindaas)😍😍@anchor_ravi@anchor_sreemukhiREAD MORE",5.0
Product is nice but the installation person is coming lateREAD MORE,5.0
Miracast is very bad while playing the videos sometimes blurred and strucked due to low refresh rate urgent updation needed and there is no play store initially need updation. I cannot play the videos smoothly. Please give update immediateley then only the public will buy the tv otherwise they will pirchase other brands.Installtion and demo very nice. But all other tv companies providing wall mount at no cost. First time i bought wall mount for rs.499/- it is very disappointed avoid this in f...READ MORE,4.0
When will be updatedREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome display and soundStill YouTube app is not yet updatedREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV at this price. Go for it without any confusionREAD MORE,5.0
The TV is too good in everythingREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is very good and very nice quality awesome picture I'm so happy.....😀🤗READ MORE,5.0
Best picture quality and best price rang tv...READ MORE,5.0
"Picture quality and brightness is not upto the level, looks very dullREAD MORE",1.0
Nice product Display -4/5Speakers - 4/5Performance- 5/5YouTube & Hotstar work pretty well on low resolution.READ MORE,4.0
I am not expected that size its a very big screen i am fully satisfied thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"good product,, picture quality average,, delivery and installation is very firstREAD MORE",5.0
great product in very impressive price great picture qualityalso YouTube and hotstar are available now......READ MORE,5.0
No words to describe the product.. uptill now no problems r created.. best resolution and nice picture quality.. and installation n demonstration is done by the best techniciansREAD MORE,5.0
"Rs 13999 this TV is speechless, missing play store and youtube  we are waiting for nxt update. mirror cast is working properly,  clear sound , so light weight. no heating issue. use carefully even small hit enough for cracking disply.😊READ MORE",5.0
just one word ....Awesome...READ MORE,5.0
i am satisfied with the product and picture quality of the tv. hd channels are really looking awesome and sharp.value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
TV us best. Delivwry also on time but problem is installation partner. I got tv on 5th may they arrange installation on 6th may on 6th may reschedule to 8 tha may on 8 may re schedule to 12th nd till today 14th may no one come for installation. And if i dont open tv and if something problem then they told me 10 days replacemwnt over. Firat time i face issue from flipkart. Please consider this review and update team for proper actionREAD MORE,1.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
Poor display qualityREAD MORE,2.0
it's not a led TV it is LCD TV only. iam very much disappointed with this product.READ MORE,2.0
Bad installationREAD MORE,4.0
Great value for money. Best led tv in this price segmentPROS:Awesome soundGreat picture qualityPatch wall os is really efficientSmartness of the tvCONS:YOU CANT REALLY COMPLAIN AT THIS PRICE :)READ MORE,5.0
Screen quality = fantasticSound = loud but with less bassUI = very clear and beautifulYou have to install Google play services to access YouTube and all.Excellent delivery by Flipkart within 24 hoursREAD MORE,5.0
Bought this as a secondary tv for my bedroom and absolutely blown away by the value and the quality this TV delivers.Great picture and audio quality and this is coming from a person who owns a 65 inch 4K HDR Tv from Samsung and unless you are a hard-core videophile you wouldn't find any problem with the output delivered by this TV! Outstanding delivery and Installation service by Flipkart team!READ MORE,5.0
Gr8 deal ?READ MORE,5.0
"At this price its better Remote system is little bit confusePicture displays like animated pictures not as liveDue to hd ready, quality is okMi TV Ok at this price4.5 stars for mi to bring some latest features and design at this priceREAD MORE",4.0
"Nice led, i want to buy one more for other room but if i order a similar led flipkart will cancel my order.. fk should change its policyREAD MORE",5.0
"Picture quality is above average, sound is really good... Enough for an average sized room. Service by Jeeves is Excellent, also gave IR Blaster while installation. Jio tv, Hotstar,Jio cinema, YouTube works fine. Use apks for android tv. And not the mobile apksREAD MORE",5.0
Not install till dateREAD MORE,1.0
Good led tvREAD MORE,5.0
great?READ MORE,5.0
value of money for good product on MIREAD MORE,4.0
picture quality 👍Miracast👍jiotv👍Nice TV experience thank u MIREAD MORE,5.0
just after 7 days of the installation the speakers stopped working. the app's which were working previously are not responding. conveniently the date of installation was 8 days after the delivery and now Flipkart says that your 10 days return policy is over and we can't do anything. pathetic service. now my TV is of no use and I'm not able to do anything. left helpless. cheap product to the core.READ MORE,1.0
"it's a good product, sound and picture quality is perfect in this price range.in 14000 bucks it's value for money..READ MORE",4.0
"Picture quality is not good and its Not full HD display. Max 720p resolution and its not 1080p resolution.Having problems while playing from miracast, voice is continuously cracking . Called Mi customer care, they were aware of all this problem they are simply escaping by saying we are working on upgradation of OS.READ MORE",1.0
Sound system stopped working on eighth day of purchase. Now only display is working but no sound. Hence replacing the TV under flipkart's 10 days replacement policy.READ MORE,1.0
"assured all TV get android update(as 4A pro) but no update yet, simply cheated.READ MORE",1.0
feature almost fine....working goodremote is too handylittle problem in interface while using app....but suggest to buy in this range....awesome....I think best in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
OVER ALL RATING MI TV IS GOODRS 13999/-  IS WORTHABLESOUND CLARITY IS GOODDISPLAY IS OKREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Installation and Demo done successfully by Mr. Kiran Vandra. Had a great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Wow nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product go for it👍READ MORE,5.0
"Amazing quality 43 inch tv.....Pros:   1.good clarity   2.great sound quality 3.beautiful UI and settings with eye protectionCons:      1.screen casting has many problems like lagging, worst sound clarity, sometimes more unwanted noise is emerging out.      2. Apps can't be downloaded..but can be side loaded.        3.499 rs for wall mounting ....Satisfied with this buying at this price range.Definitely recommend you to buy this awesome smart tv for 23k.READ MORE",4.0
"They gave the option of reschedule on same day! But couldn't! Then I was ok with the delivery date, but still they delivered 5hours later.If you cannot deliver at promised time please do not give false promises. You let us choose the timing but does not deliver that time. Are you just showing off with ur options and usability with the app? If you cannot then don't have schedule options.Just cos you create the demand and make the customers run behind u doesn't mean u will have customers all...READ MORE",1.0
NEVER EVER BUY THIS PRODUCT.ITS A LCD TYPE AND FLIPKART SERVICE AND PROCEDURE FOR REFUND AND RETURN ARE HORRIBLE.I M NOT GOING TO GIVE ANY STAR BUT BY DEFAULT ITS WILL APPEAR AS A SINGLE STAR THATS ARE NOT PERMITTED BY MEREAD MORE,1.0
good sounds and picture clarity worth to moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"TV ok. But your presentation and Service so BAD. The installation guy ask for money I didn't gave it. So Because I didn't buy wall mount and STB cable from him. I already buy from Mi website at the time of Purchasing Ur TV. Because in Ur conditions U doesn't mention I necessary buy those products from Ur guy. So that he doesn't explain properly how Ur TV work, functions and other Things. And also U doesn't give any proof receipt How much warranty Packages U gave me with this product. The deli...READ MORE",1.0
Fantastic product from MIREAD MORE,5.0
Good product... Value for money..... I don't know why they r not giving wall mount... And there is no inbuilt applications.. but in 14000 it's good tv.READ MORE,3.0
Tv is so amazing and picture quality is super and sounds is asomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Hello,I Purchased MI 4A (32"") TV on 8th May. You shipped this product from Gati courier on 9th May. I am very disappoint from your seller and courier service which is not delivered the item in my address also very late and careless person in this courier. I went 70 km away from my destination to grab my item. I am giving very negative feedback because of your courier service and seller. In future If I will order any Items and if you send it from ""Gati courier"" and ""Ekart Logistics"", I will ...READ MORE",1.0
installation part was really a waste.nothing was informedI was not knowing that the TV package doesn't have wall mount standengineer also didn't informed me anything priorhe just came switched on the TV showed features and lefthe didn't even did a table top mountwithin 5 mins less than that demo got overthey have wasted my installation visit and now they are saying we will charge you.really unhappyREAD MORE,1.0
Good value for money best mi tv.READ MORE,4.0
"The display quality with the DTH is not satisfactory, it is too dull. The TV is advertised as an LED TV but the product description on the TV mentions it is an LCD TV which made us disappointed.READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"It's Not Full HD(1920*1080), its only HD ready TV (1280*720),Both TV's are HD TV's Not Full HD. Xiaomi is cheating people by making false claims and features.Display Quality is also not upto the mark. Better Opt out for another brands such as VUREAD MORE",2.0
Oooo My God...It Is Verry Nice...At This Price....I love it...&Mi💖💖💖👌👌👌Display is verry Good...verry slim & low wait....Totally it's (BEAUTIFULL)👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
I don't think it's a full HD TV ..sound is average..side loading is risky and headache..the existing videos are paid only.. returning my TV..READ MORE,1.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome Product...super deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
worst tv ever .....the main problem is worst worst worst after sale service by the mi india ...dont go for cheep smart tv. ..its a trap ...thay will make u cry for ur by after sale service ...READ MORE,1.0
forget all negative reviews.. Blindly go ahead.Pl take extended warranty .don't think about additional expenses.READ MORE,5.0
I have opened the box with video recording and led was broken recieved . Trying to return or replace the item the website shows something went wrong try again .I have hardly arranged the money for led and flipkart is doing this to customers.Anyhow i want to replace this or want refund .READ MORE,1.0
IR CABLE NOT PROPER WORKING AND NO SOLUTION FOR MI AND FLIPCARTREAD MORE,1.0
Good product. But installation services is very badREAD MORE,4.0
Superb highly recommended......👍READ MORE,5.0
"Selling LCD instead of LED. This is bad. Customers should not be fooled like this. Bad service from flipkart. Flipkart can deliver the product to a place, but they can't pickup the product in return. And it is in Bangalore cityREAD MORE",1.0
"Its been almost 6 months, no update till date to support chromecast and official play store.It was promised at time of selling this product that we will get update in 2019, but seems no hope.Feeling cheated by Flipkart and XiaomiREAD MORE",1.0
Wireless Broadcast is poor . Netflix doesn't work on this . Service centre technicians are very poor in customer service . better go for any other brand by paying 1000 bucks extra !!READ MORE,1.0
IN one word zabardast after using 3month.READ MORE,4.0
excellent picture quality and sound too with this pricing same day delivery and installation by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Flipkart delivery very fast,but jeeves demo & installation services worst, very very badREAD MORE",4.0
"Amazing product from flipkart in this price range. Sound is good. Picture quality is superb for HD movies, channels. But for ordinary D2H connection  don't expect more picture quality. Flipkart sent an  INEXPERIENCED person for installation and demo who damaged my new TV usb port pin and my USB cable too. He didn't  give 100% demo also. I myself learnt from YouTube videos.READ MORE",5.0
Too much good tv still I watched best comptiter to sony samsung thanks to Mi FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
The best in class smart TV. Big billion day added to the party with huge discount.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product...YouTube very fast...And internet is less used....Sound is good...Connectivity type very good ..my laptop in screen mirroring by Bluetooth...READ MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
"AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!😍😍VALUE FOR MONEY,THE PICTURE QUALITY IS EXCELLENT!!.THANKS TO FLIPKART FOR “FREE AND FAST DELIVERY”INSTALLATION AND DEMO IS VERY GOOD!!READ MORE",5.0
"YouTube, Netflix or any other does not work, neither you can install not you can download from app store because support is missing. YouTube app which comes preinstalled also hang and miss out on nevigational functionality. basically it's a dumb TV, also the picture quality is pathetic, no where close to VU or any other cheaper brand, I would say don't waste your money.READ MORE",1.0
"very nice producd, worth for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
"I have one suggestion for FLIPKART. Don't promote Free act fibernet connection along with Mi LED TV. I have contact them for connection, first after 06 days they gave not called me second when I contact them they said if you need a first month free connection than you need to pay for 2nd month's charges at the time of installation. When I registered my complaint with them than they change their theory than they said its a free first month but without router. we will give you connection but yo...READ MORE",5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Tv don't connect my phoneREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome picture colour & good sound & 1 day delivery thanks Mi & Flipkart great product in this price range thanks againREAD MORE,5.0
super TV thanks to Flipkart fast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
very very very nice tvSound quality is also best Thanks to MI TV and Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Mi TV is the best @ this price range but Jeeves service engineer very worst behaviour.READ MORE,5.0
"Product delivery and installation is excellent.12 pm in flash sale I booked the TV and next day 10am TV delivered and evening demo completed.For the price MI tv is more than I expected no doubt its 5star for me.Excellent TV..,READ MORE",5.0
"Delivery is very very good but I am unhappy with installation, they did the delivery on 30th March & installer call me on same day for installation but my installation is done on 3rd April. I am so tired with installation.READ MORE",4.0
fantastic mi led tv 4 aREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
led was very excellent and the persons who delivered led was also very goodbuy the person who came to fit led he wad very rude i think he is illiterate and he doesn't know the way of talkingREAD MORE,1.0
"Nice tv in this (14k) budget, but very bad installation service provided by Jeeves horrible service .So if you have sufficient time then go for it.READ MORE",4.0
Really awesome super TV mi.READ MORE,5.0
Very Bad Vartical line on displayREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome. Recently they added hotstar. Hope they add amazon prime and netfilx soon.READ MORE,5.0
super ......READ MORE,5.0
Good TV at this price.. Today morning it got installed and after some time the patch wall got updated with Youtube app.... Waiting for further updates...........READ MORE,5.0
overall gud..👍READ MORE,5.0
Excellent appREAD MORE,5.0
"Good service from flipkart delivery executive,a s well as flipkart,thanks a lot flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
not full HD but better than HD ready...nice picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product for this price. MI Tv is superb.READ MORE,5.0
awesome...READ MORE,5.0
"Budget king in tv, totally change tv market and good specs good viewing qualityREAD MORE",5.0
"Quick delivery from Flipkart thumbs up for that, Amazing product. Sound decent. Picture quality 100% satisfactory.  quality and features are good. its jackpot .READ MORE",5.0
Very bad TV  guys please dont buy worst product.sound is not good display is worst my best suggestion please dnt wast your money.READ MORE,1.0
Flipkart not solve my issueREAD MORE,1.0
Nice tv at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you for Fastest delivery by Flipkart....Excellent tv at this price range of 14k...Good performanceExcellent Sound produced speakersBest tvWorth for money to purchase this tv..READ MORE,5.0
Sunnxt YouTube and many apps has to be side loaded and after the side loaded apps can be operated only with mouse.the apps what they have shown in the description were also not available.disappointed but according to the cost we should go with it.👍READ MORE,2.0
"Please dont buy MI tv, service from MI is very bad.I received tv 12 days back.And its not working from 4day.Every day calling to customer care and they are asking for 24hours.Same issue continues from 4days and till no solution and no call from them.In 10days only if we are getting issue means in future we dont know how more televisions are going to fail.READ MORE",1.0
Excellent MI TV 43 with good sound effect with WiFi All are excellentREAD MORE,5.0
TV is great but installation person arrived late it's more than 36hours since TV arrived at my house still installation and demo guy not arrived I am waiting Flipkart do somethingREAD MORE,2.0
"The product is amazing, worth the price. And got an Excellent service by Flipkart. The only issue I am facing is with casting, the television has a minor default when it comes to functioning the casting feature.READ MORE",4.0
Best budget smart TV full hd thanks mi👌READ MORE,5.0
Awesome and on time service of FlipkartAnd best service of GeevesMi TV picture quality is 5 starSound quality 4 starREAD MORE,5.0
"USB not working, hotstar not working,READ MORE",2.0
Nice product and delivered in timeREAD MORE,5.0
Super product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product miREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect time delivery and good product on ours... well serviceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
USB is not working worst tvREAD MORE,1.0
TV received in good condition but installation and demo service is very slow. they haven't arrived to install even after 2 days the product is delivered. very slow installation service and talking false that everyday will send installation engineer same day.READ MORE,5.0
"Item is very good, but the features...1. OS need to upgrade. 2. don't have any playstore like.3. usb apk not supporting, as he mentioned as we can install but we can't.4. in built WiFi on/off not possible, we need to manually block the TV WiFi or our hotspot.. for switching on/off.5. additional unncessary smarrt links provided, which no useful that much..6. very messed up with unnecessary links.7. purchased wall mount very delicate, waste of money. it's not even 100/- bucks.8. no use ...READ MORE",2.0
Worst TV ever Screen is very badREAD MORE,1.0
"Worst Display... This has back-lit LCD Display, Below Average Rating, compare with VU TV MI is a worst Display. VU has Direct LED Back-lit Display... Which makes good picture quality...READ MORE",1.0
Im staying in abroad; though I bought this tv yesterday to my home in Chennai; the guy who came for the installation is not able to connect sony bdv 3200 home theater system with the tv by using hdmi cable ARC system.. the installation guy who comes from the Jeeves dont have a knowledge enough to connect and show the installation set up appropriately. The reply I heard from them made me appalled. They mentioned that the Sony home theater system only can be connected with Sony tv and not with ...READ MORE,1.0
"Good tv in budget, HD quality is not so good..screen mirroring does not working in 720p..buy it with extended warranty  policy from flipkart..because I don't trust MIREAD MORE",3.0
excellent serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good picture quality and value for money in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
super super superREAD MORE,5.0
"Worth For the Money, you tube and hotstar are pre installed. I have no cable connection I used only through mobile hot spot its play without buffer.Picture quality OK,sound OK overall its nice.Delivery is on time from flipkart, and installation also done by time, overall I am happy..Nice oneREAD MORE",4.0
Good TV for this price range. Delivery speed is ok. I had to change my installation address through customer care twice. Maybe because of that Installation speed was not very good.Pros:-Good display.-Good sound.-Better viewing angle.Cons:-Stock player will not support some formats.-I installed VLC player. Sometimes it hangs when I seek through the video.I have to close and start again. Need to try with a different version or MX player.-No Google play store. Needed apps are can only b...READ MORE,4.0
No issue about tv tv is awsome but this ekart guys are rediculous they r demanding us to wait we r paying money they are demanding to wait for delivery even we went to hub they mademe to go twice and wait for hours if this continues it makes bad to flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
"Superb Clarity, Nice working, Great Product, Quality is very good.... Bluetooth connectivity missing.... Recommended for all....READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
product is too good but installation service provided by jeevi company  is very poor not give exact response when they completed the installation he always mention the date but failed flipkart not understand my problems they say only wait fully fraud with me by u how much time u need to install my tvREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"horrible delivery ,even though raised complain with Flipkart ,they didnt do anything .Apart from delivery ,everything was good . Picture quality is bad with normal set up box .However working fine with Internet .READ MORE",4.0
affordable smart tv with good featuresREAD MORE,5.0
nice  tv  in  this  priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picture quality and good soundREAD MORE,5.0
Good pic and sound quality..READ MORE,5.0
i don't like this product. plz not purchase mi 4a led tv . all movie blurREAD MORE,1.0
"this s LCD tv only, dpnot believe anyone.100% LCD only..But good clarity only.READ MORE",5.0
No update to Android TV as promised. Buy only android TV certified TV s. Most of the latest apps won't support non Android TV s.    Note :- Android TV is the google customised TV experience. A TV running on android is not Android TVREAD MORE,1.0
no android update as promisedREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart is foolimy us. previously they said you will get oreo and playstore update in early of 2019. buy till no no update. MI and Flipkart totally fooling us. don't buy anything in Flipkart.READ MORE,2.0
superb productREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker and connectivity with mobile problemREAD MORE,2.0
Picture is Strucking not good i expected more but not upto the mark westREAD MORE,1.0
as of now everything is good 👍READ MORE,4.0
"Prons1. 💯 Value for the Money2. HD video clarity is excellent.3. Sound Quality satisfactory,4. Smart TV with multiple features.Cons:1. Couldn't able to install Apps from playstore2. Should have been provided a keypad on the remoteREAD MORE",5.0
is MI 43 inches very good  clarity this price list IV sem ok understand this clarityREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,1.0
best product & value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
mi tv is value for money best tv to other company sound quality and picture quality amzaing...  thankyu flipkart😊READ MORE,5.0
"Nice television in this budget.Door step delivery on time.But installation was very worst , as per schedule they had to installed same day or next day thats why i made a plan to go out of station for 20 days after installation and informed them the same but didnt bother about this ,I had called the engineer more than 20 times then they finally came for installation after 2 days and for this I had cancel my plan for out station.Very worst service by JEEVS...READ MORE",4.0
Ramdhari Singh who is installer of GHAZIABAD dadri region is not a good guy. He has not done his bussiness accuratly. He did not installed my tv on time within 24 hours. He promised to come in but could not come for 2 days.READ MORE,3.0
"Mind Blowing Deal, Fully Satisfied with it..READ MORE",5.0
best value for money.. best service by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
HD quality best but SD SimpalREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD PRODUCT AND  ON TIME DELIVERY THANKS FLIPKARTREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is ok..sound quality is awosome..over all is worth able product..READ MORE,5.0
I want my money back.. this tv have some issue .. display was faulty... there is line showing while watching TV... technician visit was scheduled after 10 days so that I cannot take refund..READ MORE,1.0
best tvREAD MORE,5.0
"problem in mirror cast feature, need to download third party application as inbulit apps only support 720p resolution. for high resolution movie above 720p is a big task for Mi tv...not satisfied..READ MORE",1.0
"About Exchange Offer: Flipkart delivery guys denied to exchange because of SMALL SCRATCH AT BACKSIDE BOTTOM SIDE (UN-NOTICATBLE SCRATCH). So people if you are exchanging product from Flipkart please make sure u are exchanging BRAND NEW PRODUCT, this Morons don't take old products with minor scratches also. I will give 1/5. About TV: Sound quality is good, Colors are not so good if you, you will see white colour more often (color is big concern). TV takes 10-15 seconds to start (might be beca...READ MORE",3.0
nice product nice working .in this price it is the best TVREAD MORE,4.0
"I am fully satisfied with this purchase, TV ,. delivery    and installation  is fineREAD MORE",5.0
nice product  38  in length and breadth is 23READ MORE,5.0
Mi tv is best 😉picture quality superb (5*)😊sound quality good(4*)connectivity average(3*)value for money.(5*)READ MORE,5.0
good sound good picture quality value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
amazing picture quality and best price.....READ MORE,5.0
Good quality... colors could be better.... but overall Best Value for money...READ MORE,5.0
Fast and Best delivery in nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Product quality is good but delivery persons are very bad & using abusing wards to me its very badREAD MORE,2.0
"amazing.....superb......sound, video quality is awesomepaisa $$ vasool boss...READ MORE",5.0
very good TV nice picture quality awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
tv is good but installation and demo was horriblethe guy was talking rudelyREAD MORE,1.0
worth of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
I buy  Mi 4A LED 32 inch from Flipkart...TV came in time..TV is very Good in That Money..but no one came from MI/Flipkart 4 instalation and Cheak My TV...27 August 18 is Last Date of Replacement..only msz me that on 20 Aug they will come..but no one is came down till now..Worst Experience From Flipkart Managment😡😠READ MORE,1.0
The picture clarity and sound is just okay not that greatREAD MORE,5.0
"very wrost picture quality, looked  all faces and looked more whitesh , stupid product better mi will stop this,READ MORE",1.0
It's a waste  product very low quality pictureREAD MORE,1.0
picture quality good on hd box but normal box not good sound quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
best product in value able moneyREAD MORE,5.0
There is no bluetooth. It's only problem in this MI TV 4A. That's why i give 4 stars. Otherwise value for money. 👌👍READ MORE,5.0
Quality.. Wise. GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"zero to conectivty  my USB ports not workingonly one USB is working Jeeves worst installation, didn't check and showed  , he just wallmount TV and went back and barged  4 stars for installation I want resolvation for Connectivity immediately  answer me with in one day otherwise I return tvREAD MORE",1.0
i have purchase the mi tv 32 inchs nobody came installion very bad response for costomerREAD MORE,1.0
dillivery and demo quality very very poorREAD MORE,1.0
"delivered before time, installed as per request, pic and  sound quality is superb. i like MI. thanks flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Value for money very nice smart tv thank u flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Using this TV since one week and here is my review.  First I'll start with the cons:1. There is some lag when the apps are opened and closed in quick succession. This is rare but I observed this happens after the TV has been used for more than 3hrs continuously.2. YouTube app stopped working and got hanged after few days. Have to check whether system reset fixes that.3. The hungama play content is all paid versions and they only give you a 10 minute preview. So these are about the only f...READ MORE,4.0
"Product is too good but product delivery not satisfied gati corriar is very bad service provide service k liye to ""0"" star bhi nhi Dena chahta hu .....but MI LED TV is blust all other company.READ MORE",1.0
"sound profile is not working properly,need to improve,when ever switch of the tv it goes to standard profile but audio profile shows where i am fix.in picture running the audio not come properly,again we go to menu option to reset audio to our cutomised click then only it will come.i expect next update it will resolveREAD MORE",1.0
tv was delivered on 5th july but yet not installedREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's LCD TV not LED TV.READ MORE,2.0
product packing not good otherwise no problemREAD MORE,5.0
Worst productREAD MORE,1.0
Superb quality in affordable price....READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
this led or LCD TV box print in LCD Monitor iam confusedREAD MORE,4.0
"Excellent  features provide by Mi company. And service of shipping by Flipkart is slow, so in future we will expect by flipkart to increase it. Over all Excellent.     From, Sachin S. Dhamne, Dhule, Maharashtra.                                  One major fault of company is about display of  T.V. size is 80 cm, but it is less than 11 cm. So company is not fullfil provide to customer original  size same 80 cm size. So company improve about size.READ MORE",5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Well I would say Deny all negative feedbacks Go for it I am really impressed I was little bit disappointed viewing feedbacks regarding picture quality but when I installed my device with my Tata sky HD device it was defaulted settings on HD settings on 576i @50Hz it actually support 720p but then I changed it to 1080i @60Hz & it comes really full HD experience on it.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
I ordered tv on 29 may and got on 30 may's morning so delivery was very fast and instalation service done after 4 hours picture quality is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Its just 1 and half month and TV suddenly stopped working. Not getting even ON. Raised complaint in MI customer care but after more than 72 hrs no one call or come to check. Customer care keep you put on hold after every detail you provide. About to buy MI Note 5 but due this pathetic after sales service and product quality, I am thinking for other brands now.READ MORE",1.0
very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is good but after this setting picture quality better can you try 1. Contrast 1001.britness    40 to 451.saturation 1001.sharpness.  401.hue.              501.color.           StandardREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product and Delivery system is bestREAD MORE,5.0
"It looks MI doing field testing with their Limited Edition product.. My screen flickering continuously. I need to do multiple restart.. Then suddenly it starts working fine.. After some hour,  it will start flickering if I press back button to main screenREAD MORE",1.0
Picture quality is amazingSound is good Connectivity is also very goodYou cannot expect more at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good product for the price...gud clarity...awesome sou nd....in loudness but no effects.......negative thing is shipment....Gati couriers were really bad....took 10 days....6 days was promised...delivery that to after several callsREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is ok but Display Quality Not good.READ MORE,5.0
Tv is not LED. wifi connection is not good.READ MORE,3.0
Best Product MI Smart TV best time deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
product is good but installation engineer uneducated he don't know the optionsREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is good from delivery to installation but the only thing is this that Flipkart now selling mi 55 inches tv only on prepaid payment. I don't have any cards it's very sad & also Flipkart is also increase the price of mi 55 inches. I was trying to buy this tv from last 2 weeks even I had sold my old tv as well now I don't have tv in my drawing room.I request to Flipkart please allow payment on delivery at least for those who can't make prepaid payments. think about all type if custo...READ MORE,5.0
nice porduct and good quality thanks mi & FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Sound issue during casting that is the only problemTotally AwesomeREAD MORE,3.0
good tv sound is good image goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Delivered quickly and mi is really nic only thing upset is, it is led with backlit LCD panal. Sound and picture quality is awesome. Good price, please Wait Price will decrease, 3 star, no inbuilt apps and google play. Need to update this by mi.READ MORE",5.0
Tv is good Sound&vedio Clarity superFull hd plus SupportedREAD MORE,5.0
"After one week of usage, I recommend everyone to buy this TV without any hesitation. Awesome TV in this price range. Five Star from me.READ MORE",5.0
"Terrific purchase.Display & Sound quality is really awesome and other features are also really good.. We facing issue in Miracast only.. the MI tv Miracast is supporting only MI phone other mobiles are not supporting, I hope by new update all the issue will be solve. So over all the MI tv was awesome.Thanks Flipkart & MI for bringing this in the range. THUMBS UP..READ MORE",5.0
Totally Bakwassss...dont buy it if you want clearity..Poor clearity...READ MORE,2.0
Delivery was very fast. But installtion process is very slow. I am waiting from 3 days but still installation is not done. Engineer is not picking the phone call. Very poor installtion serive.please dont buy from flipcart.READ MORE,2.0
"Normal LED TV not Fully Smart hotstar, Play store not working and very slow working LEDREAD MORE",1.0
"Picture quality not upto the mark in SD channels. HD is fine but not as Samsung or Sony,  Any ways at this price we should not expect a Samsung or Sony Quality too. Youtube/ Hotstar is  Pre-installed and working fine, MiraCast has some issues.Patchwall is amazing   Flipkart delivered the next day & Jeeves installed the day I scheduled.READ MORE",3.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV at a budget friendly price. Loved it.READ MORE,5.0
No Words It's Amazing 👌👌👌Thanks To MI & FlipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money! More functionalities to be added with updates. Sound and picture quality is good. Mi IR cable ain't necessary at all. No number pad on the remote makes it hard to navigate!READ MORE,4.0
"very good quality TV by MI, wifi with Screen mirroring systems.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Tv In This RangeREAD MORE,5.0
Product is awesome but poor installation service.I got my tv on 26th of march 2018 and till 28th of march 2018 didnt installed because engineers are too busy or else they are on there week off.Till now its box packed.Waiting for the installationREAD MORE,3.0
Jio Tv Apps not working properly with your remoteREAD MORE,4.0
"fast Service by Flipkart.Awesome TV,  Picture and Sound are great. No need to connect external speakers.Great Price.Con- No Bluetooth.Using from last 3 days - No issues.READ MORE",5.0
"if u have a TV table then no need of installation you can easily setup ur TV, much more easy it's seems. Only cons is not able to play 4K video on Full HD led tv, might be able to play by installing some apps.READ MORE",4.0
Nice product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Mi brand its goodREAD MORE,5.0
Just unbox it. Very happy to buy this product.Delivery ? between 24 hoursREAD MORE,5.0
Screen quality good product best price but wrost installionREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Ausome dilevery by Flipkart.Tv is good only hd content is best in this tv.Speakers are good sterio effect is there.Good interface,go for it.READ MORE",5.0
MI TV features a great deal in this price segment. Sound and Picture quality is superb. Smart tv functions also working well.READ MORE,5.0
Third class product. Never ever buy this product I bought this and going to return it. The clarity of the pictures is looking like an animation. There is no reality of the pictures.READ MORE,1.0
worsted clarityREAD MORE,1.0
"Initially the TV was working fine with average display quality.Used it for 2 months and then the display got malfunctioned.worst service by MI. Continuesly called them for a week, still didnt turned up. View attached imageREAD MORE",1.0
I will purchase mi 32 inch tv it's very poor quilaty and no working hotstar and youtube all don't buy this tv waste call mi customer care they will not proper answer...my humble request don't buy this tv pls waste off mony pls go to other brand...READ MORE,1.0
Nice Product. But there have a problem every time watch cable select hdmi option. If this problem solve Mi then it is a very good product this price.READ MORE,4.0
Inbuilt software doesn't support many audio formats.with recent Android 9 update you can't do mirroring using your phone. mirroring can only be done through internet. I talked to customer care. now it's totally useless to buy Mi smart TVs.READ MORE,1.0
Good product low price  nd  fast delivery  Exlent  service  flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice Product..! 1) Sound, Picture clarify Remote is good..2) Patchwall is ok ...3) Flipkart Service is Good...But 3) it's Didn't Have Bluetooth Option..4)YouTube  and other Apps are unable to Download...5) when using Mobile Sharing Option videos are Splitting...6) So we Need Update to MIUI Quickly...READ MORE",4.0
very Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
My TV was delivery was done immediately. however the service to install my TV is done in such a bad manner. I feel like the Flipkart company is doing me a favor by sending me the the. It has been more than 5 days and no one has even contacted me to install my TV and it just lying in my house. The TV might be of a good price but that does not solve the purpose of it's service such horrible installation service. I recommend people to not go according to the days mentioned in the Flipkart si...READ MORE,1.0
32 inchi TV very goodREAD MORE,5.0
poor sound quality when use with USB and mobile screen sharingREAD MORE,1.0
It as delivered on 15th May still not installed and demo done but return date is fixed on 25th May but no response from installation team very bad atleast they not giving a perfect date to installation how can we trust flipkartREAD MORE,1.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Please don't buy it is written as LCD TV in Product description.Very pathetic service by gati courier.great sound quality.picture quality is average.Low build quality.READ MORE,1.0
Worst picture clarity and sound clarity. Totally disappointed overall performanceREAD MORE,1.0
keep a note.. screen mirroring with Motorola & Huawie phones doesn't support. MI Should have mentioned this as a very important point.READ MORE,2.0
Wow.... It's was awesome... Thx to MI India and flipkart....READ MORE,5.0
Worst productREAD MORE,1.0
Really loving it..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The best thing one can buy.READ MORE,5.0
VERY GOODREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks mi for providing me my dream led in  reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good....READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"it is worked with only 15days after that display gone.  trying to call the warranty, not sure what they will say.  overall loss of buying this product.  chaina piece is chaina piece only.READ MORE",1.0
Really tv was good.. value of ur money..  sound 🔊 quality really superp... but using apps little bit feel difficult and screen mirroring not working properly 720 p videos and more & work with slow.. Worth it for under 23k..READ MORE,4.0
"Product delivered very late by GATI. Ordered this product on 22nd May. Delivered after a week on 30th May. Today its 08th June. Till now installation was not done. From delivered day Jeeves installation team is calling and saying that their technician will come today and install TV. Its more than a week, till now no one has come. Daily JEEVES team is automatically rescheduling the appointment date for installation by themselves. Very worst support by JEEVES. Even gave complaint for flipkart. ...READ MORE",1.0
"good one but No apk or other apps installed ,less apps , Confused LED or LCD please need clarity.Price worth ,Try to buy Android  4k if price varition 5-10k .READ MORE",4.0
good picturesREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV .Superb Brand .I ❤️ MIREAD MORE,5.0
"FALL IN ❤️ WITH MI TV4A ITS AN AMAZING.. PRODUCT, AMAZING FEATURES LIKE PATCH WALL SOFTWARE, BACKLIGHT,WIFI, LIVE STREAMING THROUGH SONYLIV AND VOOT.......,YOUTUBE,HOTSTAR, MI BLASTER, ... ANDROID SCREEN CAST..... AND THEAIN THING IS ITS VERY LIGHT WEIGHT 4.0KG NET WEIGHT AND VERY SLIM... EASY TO USE.... LOVE YOU ❤️MI INDIA AND FLIPKARTREAD MORE",5.0
"it's very useful to budget lowersit's some problems here in installed TV apps doesn't workplease it's need to improve or show solutions of this problemsand sound, picture quality, operating speed and settings are good.But they will need to modify to the external apps Working problemsfinally this is the awesome tvREAD MORE",4.0
in this price range best choice....!READ MORE,5.0
Superb product at this price.READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Mi Rocks !READ MORE,5.0
Sprb tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product totally goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is gud.. but Flipkart service very baddREAD MORE,1.0
"Its everything you need and what you get for 24k. Apart from the absence of an appstore...and occasional need of mouse to surf through sideloaded apps, this tv is perfect. Stunning clarity when the right videos are played. No complaints on sound. Everything good so far.READ MORE",5.0
It does not have play store. Screen mirroring does not support. No use of it's being a Smart TV . A total wastage of money. Please dont buy. Many people are refusing delivery after knowing about it.READ MORE,1.0
I like Mi tv and Quality is so awesomepicture Quality 10/10Sound Quality 10/8value for moneymi always give best product installation Serievce Very FastREAD MORE,5.0
"Initially the picture was coming as animation, later it becane gud and now the picture is perfect. Reduced 1 star since i havent recieved MI IR cable still and was not available with the installation person from Jeeves team.READ MORE",4.0
"Fantastic tv , I lived it.READ MORE",5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
pls don't buy this product very poor picture qualityI have buy this product my money is westREAD MORE,1.0
good performance good Wi-Fi connection good picture  very very good soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Tv is super, But it is not a LED TV it is LCD TVREAD MORE",3.0
"Value for money..Got it on the first sale itself review after 10 days of use..Patch wall is grt vry usr friendly..Display is good but with HD content Screen mirroring is working properlySound is good..After recent updates hotstar YouTube is working properly.And if u have a wifi enebled pc /laptop just create a hotspot on your mobile or connect both ur pc n Mi TV to Ur router and u can access all your movies music in Ur Mi TV without the need of a pendrive.Cons.Build quality, pict...READ MORE",1.0
"Does anyone noticed this issue,there is a thin bright line at bottom of display which is unnoticed untill u cast the tv through laptop.Surprisingly i have ordered the product 3 times and getting same issue every time.I think all led tv are having same issue but people are unable to noticed.So guys kindly check your led and return the product as soon as possible.READ MORE",1.0
"it's not led display, it's LCD display TV  don't buy mi TVS,  it's not  worth of your money, Mi tv frauds customer's, picture quality is Very badREAD MORE",2.0
its awesome picture & sound quality is best product in  low priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Images looks a bit like cartoon when using normal dish. But HD Videos gives actual clarity.  As a smart TV, it has flaws in connectivity, few WIFI networks cannot be connected. Also tried mirroring mobile and failed..READ MORE",5.0
Awesome TV.. nice picture and video quality.. delivered on time.. installation on time..READ MORE,5.0
"totally worth for money, clarity is very good, the only disappointment is with sound but if you can add a small home theater its more than enough.Happy watching with your family...!READ MORE",5.0
I am able to order after a month. delivered on time ... installed on time... thanks Flipkart for the service. lovely TV....   but few apps like Amazon  prime are not working rest everything is good.READ MORE,5.0
It will be good if the tv have YouTube app preloaded.READ MORE,4.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Picture not clear but I'm not satisfiedREAD MORE,1.0
Waste displayREAD MORE,1.0
very very poor picture quality pls don't waste ur money on this don't buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
Disappointed a lot I was expecting LG Samsung panel but got outdated LCD panel. Vu TVS picture quality are better than MI TV go for VU TV if you want better picture quality.READ MORE,3.0
super mi tv value for money installation also good quick service jeevas service also over all goodREAD MORE,5.0
MI4A tv is hyped in the market.it's miracast display is not working even after down loading Miracast apps from Google play store.Voice Quality is normal.READ MORE,3.0
Sprbb sound quality and picture quality also sprbb.. Nice 👍👌READ MORE,5.0
Mi tv is excellent in all respectREAD MORE,5.0
it is LCD TV mi is cheating Customers don't buy mi TV.READ MORE,5.0
no deepness in colour. stretching not perfect. some times sound not in  control.auto control in sound system should introduce.READ MORE,1.0
Resolution is not gudREAD MORE,1.0
installation is not completedREAD MORE,1.0
Total waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
"My order given on time but installation person not yet come, and  he was told not able to comeHe told next week will comeREAD MORE",1.0
"I would have given rating in minus if I had any options, TV is not working as promosied, and even the Flipkart is not at all interested in resolving the issue , nor Jeeves is interested in resolving ( installation support team given by Flipkart) even I have already paid 1st EMI and didn't even switch on the TV, and more over MI offical team from Hubbli (Karnataka) is least bothered about their product, they are  not even willing to give a written report of inspection , I guess it will last MI...READ MORE",1.0
Very disappointed with the installation process. They took almost 8 days after delivery to install stating bracket is not available. I escalate this issue with customer care and they aggreed to install TV on table top for time being till bracket is available. Today I called service Engineer to confirm about the bracket and they said bracket is available but I need to pay 250 extra to the service Engineer for revisiting.  Today I done with complete installation with wall mount paying 500+250 e...READ MORE,1.0
Just Awesome. I loved this TV. Overall Value For Money.READ MORE,4.0
"Product got delivered on time , but the installation guy not coming to install since 3 daysREAD MORE",1.0
"Very good display and price,,and delivery is awesome,,THANX FLIPKARTREAD MORE",5.0
good picture connectivity features Excellent sound value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"It's my 27th order on flipkart and I never disappointed from Flipkart. BEST SERVICE, QUALITY, AND PRICE. Mi is awasome brand forever I used Mi Mobile 📱 from last 2 year and Now I purchase MI TV 📺 its also best.READ MORE",5.0
Bad picture qualityREAD MORE,1.0
red colour looks orange color and mix of greyish and blueish in night sceens in video . we compared it with Vu and CRT TV and three other mobile device where red colour looks red but on this TV red color looks orange  . serive engineer saying do not compare it and Flipkart peoples saying no return.  I am first time TV buyer but this happens to me . now red rose appearing as orange rose .we need to put this into dustbin. fake color visual scenes to our eyes not as they were captured .READ MORE,1.0
Good price but we have to see durability of  this TV. For that time only can tell. And I have seen normally the display will be gone after a year or two in budget TV s and for Xiaomi we cannot predict or judge only the time will deside the durabilityREAD MORE,4.0
Seriously very nice product...yes it difficult to order but lucky one will get.All apps are working fine no lag Hotstar and Netflix is working fine.Picture quality is superb.Value for money.Jeevas done job at the same day (BANGALORE)Happy with the purchase....READ MORE,5.0
good product but jeevas installation services very bad.READ MORE,4.0
Shame on you flipkart guys.. I intimated myself that product is delivered ..called customer care and they said installation will be done on 16th now they are saying it will be done by 21 st ... horrible  customer service... and rude courier guys... totally worthless..READ MORE,1.0
fkin osm TV ! PatchWall UI is 💟💗 !READ MORE,5.0
everything is good but patcwall interface not good👎👎👎👎READ MORE,4.0
"Exexpt flash sale everthing is good in this tv. Tv speaker also good. Can caneect home theater 3. 5 jack, full hd. Local cable tv chanel scalling also not bad when scaling non hd channel. Stand is very light weight so its good to hang on wallREAD MORE",4.0
"I ordered on 3.4.18 and i received this on 5.4.18. for this big thanks to Flipkart.  Second thing, for Mi TV, after using one day my expectations are fulfilled by its features keeping mind its cost. Enjoyed YouTube n hotstar with connecting jio internet. Overall very nyc TVREAD MORE",5.0
it's been 24hrs I am using mi TV I am really not happy with sound and remote functionality. display wise ok ok kind off so my advice would be not to buy this tvREAD MORE,1.0
Superb Tv fantastic resolution for money ❤READ MORE,5.0
Superb tv good quality nd display full ah awasome best price tnq mi now (I m mi family)READ MORE,5.0
"nice tv,sound, picture qualityno IR cable included in a boxREAD MORE",5.0
perfect .....READ MORE,5.0
5.1 vedios audio format not support how can solveREAD MORE,3.0
Good display and very good sound.Actually sound is far better as compared to 55inch Mi tv 4.Tv was preloaded with hotstar and YouTube and both  working flawlessly. Ignore all negative feedbacks and go ahead to buy this tv. It's value for money.READ MORE,5.0
"Tv is good, but the installation was not up to the mark and the jeevs executive did not have proper information about the TV, most of my query were not answered...READ MORE",4.0
awesome product.But there is some problems with screen mirroringREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
MI  43 inches full HD TV is amazing.   One can buy without any doubt.  Excellent performance product in very low budget.  Sound quality is too good.READ MORE,5.0
Toooooo good.....But Bluetooth not available.....READ MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not as expected. Better buy 55inch than 43.READ MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
Speed delivery and good service      jeevas services is super but picture clarity dull I don't know tv problem or set of box problemBut OK not badREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome product.....READ MORE,5.0
Exellent quality &Great price..READ MORE,5.0
This tv is dead in 2 yearsREAD MORE,2.0
"I used this TV since Oct 2018, good quality tv. After update the tv I am unable to connect the tv with mobile screen mirroring. But  at the time of purchase there was no problem for screen mirroring.READ MORE",5.0
This brand doesn't have life.The Display gets bad after 2 years of use and their warranty is only for two years.READ MORE,1.0
this is fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
it's been 2.3 years It works like a charm ...No dilusion Nothing Serious to worry about it just Working + the after The Android Update The Performance Increases But as a Matter of Fact Storage & Response time decreased...READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Netflix not supported.READ MORE,5.0
Screen now not workingREAD MORE,3.0
my TV is display white money wasteREAD MORE,1.0
1.Year 9 months tv white screen.READ MORE,2.0
Good working.it is a very high quality picture  sound.fast installation.it is a smart tv. Internet speed is fast.thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Flipkart services is awesome but mi tv is not good. Please don't buy mi tv it is waste of money. In starting miracast wireless display application was installed jn mi tv but after update android 9, miracast application vanished. This is cheating by mi tvREAD MORE",5.0
Netflix not working 😒. Company give installed Netflix. It waste of money.READ MORE,2.0
Very poor response of customer care support.. Panel is faulty within 2 years of usage.READ MORE,3.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality of display and features.READ MORE,4.0
Using since 1 years. No issues asif now.READ MORE,4.0
Automatic on/off issueREAD MORE,1.0
"Display quality is average, but the worst thing with this TV is it's remote. Very delicate and fragile. I had to replace it 3 times within one year. Now MI warranty is over and again remote is not working and I need to pay for new remote. Though I bought extended warranty but Jeeves says they don't cover remote in warranty. Very poor quality of service by Jeeves.READ MORE",2.0
Display started showing yellow color leak after 1 year of use....display panel is very pathetic quality dont prefer MI tvs for long term reliability.....dont fall in trap for dirt cheap prices..other brands these days r offering tv at almost same prices fo for them dont rely on chinese brands for tv their display is not relaible for longterm...I am writing this after 1 year of usage....we also had stabilizer for tv still display has yellow color edgesREAD MORE,2.0
This stupid does not get any update since release. Just for namesake it is smart tv but does not have any smart tv feature. Only things they had was YOUTUBE but these stupid MI TV people brought it down now it no more available in Mi TVREAD MORE,1.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
The product is fine. But it was advertised in Flipkart that Google Play store will be made available in 2019. It's December already and yet they haven't kept their promise.READ MORE,1.0
they told it will update to android  in 2019 but almost 2019 is closing still no updateREAD MORE,1.0
you tube not  suportedREAD MORE,3.0
don't get an update. YouTube app doesn't work. It requires an update but couldn't find play store or any other source to get update YouTube app.Any suggestios?READ MORE,3.0
"MANY APPS LIKE NETFLIX, AMAZIN PRIME ETC..NOT WORKINGREAD MORE",4.0
Complete failure in commitment. Was shown on flipkart website in details of the product that the TV will get update for android playstore by Jan2019 but still there is nothing.Also talked to customer care of flipkart but no positive answer.READ MORE,1.0
"MI cheated by saying it full HD 1080p and by telling that they will give Android update in 2019.Display is only 720p.No ota updates.They made all their true supporters fools, the one's who trusted MI's first TV venture...READ MORE",2.0
"For starting 4-5 months it worked nice but after that display issues started coming. It took around 20days to repair.After 2 months of this again same issue occurred now they asked to change display again it tool 20+ days.Very poor quality TV. So regretting to buy this.save your money, don't buy it.READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
when I bought it it was showing that each Mi LED Smart TV will update to android TV. still waitingREAD MORE,4.0
All are good.. But flipcard write tv will update to android but till date no update.. Its customer harassment...READ MORE,5.0
Very Best ProductREAD MORE,5.0
TV is very nice to full HDREAD MORE,5.0
"best tv , but not any update still !!READ MORE",5.0
Tv start was good.. but after some time it getting down again again.. since it was in warranty so got repaired with two major replacement of screen and kit.. I fear what after warranty.. it's kind of whole stuff change tv... next time down after warranty means beyond ecconomical repair.. Not recommend..READ MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and very good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
I purchased this TV in Feb 2019 it stopped working now (July 2019).READ MORE,1.0
mi & flipkart foolis customerannounce this tv android update 2019 starting but six month go no any update availableflipkart & mi cheat with all customer.READ MORE,1.0
"it doesn't have play store , youtube etc. having old android version. go for mi led smart tv 4A pro instead of it.READ MORE",4.0
"When I purchased in late 2018, there was android and chromecast update that was promised... To occur in 2019. There is no update either from Flipkart /xiaomi on this.READ MORE",1.0
This TV starts giving trouble within 8-9 months. Really Pathetic.READ MORE,2.0
value of money super product really goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Best with the money, Do not go for it if you are expecting any of below,- Picture Quality- Sound- Connectivity- Android PlaystoreREAD MORE",3.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
nice colours and sizes are sameREAD MORE,5.0
"We have been using this TV from last 8 months. Initially, within a month we got the problem with TV mother board and it got replaced by MI service engineer without any additional cost. Post that, no other issues been observed. However, MI remote is truly disappointed and it doesn't have numbers to switch the TV channels. So it has to do over TV screen and it is very pathetic.READ MORE",3.0
"As a smart TV it should have pre installed apps,but not having any of the on the top appsREAD MORE",1.0
over all value for money. bit slow interface and remote too hard to operate.READ MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Till now awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"The TV is very good with no issue since past 6 Months but my 1 star is because Flipkart is fooling the customers by saying they will get the official Android update and Built-in Chromecast update in early 2019 but it's April and no update yet. They have also removed that thing from description now which means they were fooling the customers to sell its TVs but telling lies. If you are ok with Patchwall, then go for it but let me tell you the apps you will run will not be UI friendly and many ...READ MORE",1.0
nice tv in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Best Product Thanks to Flip KartREAD MORE,5.0
this LED TV very well.. I'm very happy..but USB port very bad..READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"great viewing and listening experience.value for money, great productREAD MORE",4.0
value for money...u will never regret it..close ur eyes and go for itREAD MORE,5.0
"Screen Casting through MI mobile phone(I tried poco, mi6, redmi note 4)get pixelated display very frequently..Disappointed by this despite being an MI fan and promoterREAD MORE",3.0
super purchase go for itREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PRODUCT 👍👌👌READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
it's super quality and valid price .. superb picture quality sound quality awesomesuperb TV.excellent performancenyc soundaptoide TV latest version makes bit slowerBest tv in this range.please upgrade the os which must include play store/YouTube/hotstar etc.xcellent service from Flipkart and delivery within 24 hrs of purchase. Installation and demo from Jeeves company they installed within 24 hrs from Delivery.READ MORE,5.0
when we on t.v. that time t.v. take more time compair to other t.v. please improve .secondly there is no manually operating system . which one is so necessary ...READ MORE,5.0
Superb tv mi 4a its amazing picture quality 20wt speaker clearance sound value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
At the time of purchase flipkart mentioned about Android oreo update with inbuilt Chrome cast. Till now  no sign of update from MI. MI not responding about the queries regarding Android update.READ MORE,4.0
good n worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good TV at Best priceREAD MORE,5.0
in this price this the best tv i got...READ MORE,5.0
product is very niceREAD MORE,4.0
"delivery person is very bad Flipkart team kindly look into this otherwise you will loose customer definitely,READ MORE",3.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Nic product  in rangeREAD MORE,5.0
West of money purchase this product...READ MORE,2.0
cheap and bestREAD MORE,5.0
installation pending as wall bracket is not available. pathetic it is. What if it doesnt happen for 5 more days and i find some issue in LED tv after words?? return policy is applicable only till 6th Mar18. Return policy should start after installation is done.READ MORE,3.0
"Good picture quality, sound is ok...full of features...can buy blindlyREAD MORE",5.0
Very good KwalityREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good tv sound is good picture quality good thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Finally i reviewed this product after 50 days of usage. i give rating of 4.5 out of 5. The specification in this product is high compared to other brands. and cost wise also its so cheap. But there is no playstore and do not access the cast using particular mobile brands. And then i feel the connectivity of this tv is very disappointed during channel changing, usb to cable...But this is value for money like 14k. it delivered in two days by ekart logistic executive. And demo and installation h...READ MORE",4.0
"picture quality is bit dull,  rest of the features are good. In this range it's a nice television.READ MORE",5.0
really smart tv..READ MORE,5.0
"video display is very bad😡,image display is very nice,sound nice,nice lookREAD MORE",4.0
Super best TV for myREAD MORE,5.0
WORTH MONEYREAD MORE,5.0
i was happy from jeeves and j aftab ahmedREAD MORE,3.0
It is a Best product. No need to give high value to other brands for the same.  Thanks MIREAD MORE,5.0
"when I purchased this tv,.flilkart was giving offer that tv will get update android 8 oreo in 2019.. still I'm waiting for the update on my tv.. please kindly help me for the same.READ MORE",5.0
You might think that 13k is value for money. But remember you are buying a TV and not a mobile. Also there is no Netflix and Amazon Prime app and not all .apk files work on this TV. Many times these installed apps don’t play. Picture quality is too fake.READ MORE,1.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product in amazing price. Good Quality. value for money.READ MORE,5.0
No words can be described about the TV. Mi have made things better for competitors. Also At low price and hefty features.READ MORE,5.0
best price best tv I love miREAD MORE,5.0
coolREAD MORE,1.0
No play store.. LCD panel and not LED... Bad speeker.. disappointed with MI for the first time.. If MI gives Android updation I will be happy.READ MORE,2.0
This TV is good for HD connection.Picture quality is not good in SD connection.READ MORE,2.0
Awesome product by Mion time delivery by flipkart andbest service by miREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
It's a best product soo plz order on Flipkart only it's best by for only Flipkart appREAD MORE,5.0
outstanding value for monyguys super quality connectivity and user friendly telivision.am really happyREAD MORE,3.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
great exprience  super qualityREAD MORE,5.0
It's average productREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi I am imran I purchased this TV 89 days before.now I am facing an issue where the TV gets intermittent on/off. I personally log a complaint on mi care, but engineer/service person not interested to check the TV.mi focus only for sale, but service is very worst.no-one entertain for after sales service.please help me out with the service.I want this product replace or refund.READ MORE",1.0
Good Product by mi.READ MORE,5.0
worst fitting technician and demo not working screen mirror.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"really good , Bluetooth connection to bo include in this  TV.READ MORE",4.0
Plz buy it directly from mi app..they r giving router worth 1500 free at same price....Seller is cheating flipkart should intervene..READ MORE,5.0
Worst ever experience from flipkart.Even after many requests no body attended installationTV remote in the Mi box found missing.READ MORE,1.0
very good product price level better  these productREAD MORE,4.0
no bluetooth optionREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
it's OK okREAD MORE,3.0
just.. aswomeREAD MORE,5.0
super TVREAD MORE,5.0
Great product and service really thankful to flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
one of the worst products...just within 3 months water droplets are coming from screen..... contacting customer care is not so easy .....are not ready to cover this in warranty.READ MORE,1.0
Picture quality is good not better or best. And all other features are the best.READ MORE,4.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
super product Flipkart service is goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
bast Android bagat tvREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery it's amazing to from mi just in your budget value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
overall the product is value for money but the picture quality is not upto the mark.when trying to watch movie eg dark knight the picture quality in night scene is not good but over all beautiful oneREAD MORE,4.0
something goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
No clarity in picture waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent...worth for money..don't miss it guysREAD MORE,5.0
Superb mind billowing smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ?? television but saund problem in miracasting and picture quality fine only in High definition...READ MORE,5.0
Images is not clear.Sometimes flickering is happen.We feel that not good.READ MORE,2.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I am not happy as within 2 days of my purchase, the price was reduced by Rs 1,500.00.READ MORE",3.0
excellent.But low voiceREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for its price. Once faced issue as there was no sound in few video files but after installing vlc player it was fixedREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,1.0
youtube working is worst ever. cant even go back with remote when playing songsREAD MORE,4.0
i am very very satisfied this productREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice TV Thanks flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
good led tv...READ MORE,5.0
"not happy with service, technician doesn't turn up for installation on day 1 and says he has meeting on day 2 will come on his convenience. ????READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
No wordREAD MORE,5.0
I had purchased this TV 6 months ago When shall get Android update?is it possible to get Android update?READ MORE,5.0
super supportREAD MORE,4.0
good product nice soundsREAD MORE,5.0
"I review after use of 6 month's,nic product ...go for itREAD MORE",5.0
"screen blinking while playing dark movies, or night view. miracast not working.READ MORE",1.0
superb TV but HDMI cable not provided.... sound quality superb...READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
i have ordered LED  43inch tv with fully paid amount but i have received LCD 43inch.. which is totaly agianst to the product description show in flipkart site. i initiated for refund elase i wil rasie complaint in comsumer court as well.READ MORE,1.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
good but instalation men is goodREAD MORE,3.0
"good quality, value for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
"I am not able to get USB port to connect with my phone. But thanks to miracast, that is not a problem. Enjoying the TV.READ MORE",5.0
most better quality product on this range.READ MORE,4.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product..READ MORE,4.0
superrrREAD MORE,5.0
wonderful TVREAD MORE,5.0
good product nice service flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not really good as expected. Insulation was not done properly.READ MORE,4.0
super only 3000 rubees only night 12am orderREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money..I had order this SmarT TV on 28 Oct and it was delivered to me on 31st Oct and same day installation done.Nice HD picture quality and its wi fi connectivity..Best product in this price range..I recommend to buy this.Thanks..READ MORE,5.0
"very good product,totally niceREAD MORE",4.0
let me clear you picture quality of tv on sd channel are very poor and blurredand on hd channel video quality is averageand if you connect with  internet video quality is good.everybody discussing here for youtube netflix and all nobody asking dth tv channel quality.who ever posting here review may  not have seen actual good tv brand.thats why nobody actually knowing it's poor quality tvREAD MORE,2.0
I have facing a problem with starting issue. So i want repair it.READ MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product Awesome service by flipkart thanks flipkart whole team...READ MORE,5.0
Its awesome.... I suggest please buy if u want to be spend rs approx 25k...READ MORE,5.0
just awesome 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
nice family membersREAD MORE,5.0
picture perfectREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
budget friendly TVREAD MORE,3.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I would have given 5 star but ..Pros: 1.Value for money.2.Excellent sound output.3.Good colour rendering and exposure.4.Plasticated screen makes it hassle free.5.Happy with number of ports.6.Simple UI7.Remote is so simple to use.8.connectivity is fast.Cons:1.Really disappointed with the placement of the port. Difficult to connect usb when wall- mounted.2.Felt little lag when connected to internet.3.Full HD(1080p) videos are not playing in pre-installed youtube app. Tried to inst...READ MORE,4.0
best in this range ...READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good experience. Great ProductREAD MORE,4.0
I love is product it's niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice product..READ MORE,5.0
Worth for MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
picture quality is good but sound quality is the worst thing. other wise it would be a perfect tvREAD MORE,3.0
"tv is very good , picture quality is good,.10out of 8 for tv , but late delivery ordered on 9 Dec and dispatched at 13 Dec , installation is also fastREAD MORE",4.0
"Remote control should be improved, Super clarity.READ MORE",4.0
Got it for 19K.  Value for MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
MI..... awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
BEST TV1) Value for money2) Speaker quality is good3) Patchwall OS is good and lots of content.4) Picture quality is standard but not excellant5) Standard build qualityREAD MORE,5.0
highly recommended .. product is simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Good prodect with in price. MI TV body covering materiyal is not good. But picture quelty is best.READ MORE,4.0
"very good tv , worth for this costREAD MORE",5.0
"When you use the cast, the connectivity lags alot and there is a distorted sound also coming. I would have rated it 5 if everything would have come. But I guess for the price it's still ok. I hope they fix the screen cast problem.READ MORE",4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nice TV but when it installed it destroy my set up box and when I connect my internet to it it talk up all internet of my phone some times it screen quality is bad otherwise its sound quality is good it has 32 cm screen and good experience I rate it 4 starREAD MORE,2.0
Best Smart TV under this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Sound issue - background sound is good but main voice of dialogues not able to get at all at average sound volumeConnectivity issue for S/PDIF external sound - major challenge for connecting with home theater . I brought external coaxal cable and digital to analog converter but not having plug in point of the same and not 3.5 mm audio jack to connect any home theater.I will change my mind to revise the rating if I get proper solution of above concernsREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome TV I enjoy seeing TV in every time.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
great product from mi ...READ MORE,5.0
"awesome product by MI,sound quality is awesome,picture quality is awesome,,,,,,..READ MORE",5.0
Great features and VFM till you get a problem with the TV. My AV port stopped detecting the STB and service centre guys visited and told board need to be replaced. No update from the customer service for the past 2 weeks and they reply to all the mails saying 'Kindly wait and the problem will be resolved soon'. I've asked them couple of times to give a definite time line when I can expect the product to be repaired and again the same reply to wait for some more time. I used to recommend MI pr...READ MORE,1.0
super product  value of money👌👌👌👌👍READ MORE,5.0
Best HD TV ...    Always believe that something wounderful is about to happen :-) mi the best product...thank you Flipkart - for on time delivery and installation...READ MORE,5.0
Sound quality is not such good         And expect sound all is best of this productREAD MORE,3.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
using it for a week now....pretty goodREAD MORE,4.0
Satisfied...READ MORE,4.0
Worth to buy in this price segmantREAD MORE,5.0
loved the product..READ MORE,5.0
best deal best priceREAD MORE,5.0
dear sir I am very happy with flipcart  service .READ MORE,5.0
Company says that its an full HD product and i found that its not an HD. Sound quality still need to be get more improvedREAD MORE,3.0
it is only normal TV not smart TV. please add  some extra button  in remote . please install google  play store  and Google Chrome in TV .READ MORE,3.0
"This tv performance, quality and function easy use is beyond expectations. great . strongly suggest. installation is too much poor. you will receive repetitive calls for installation but on ground nothing.READ MORE",1.0
Overall the TV is good.. but the TV missed to reproduce a good clarity on SD channel and its more blurred.. HD channels are doing great... mute button is not in available in the remote control.READ MORE,3.0
good product..READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Good picture and sound qualityFlipkart did a great job to install the TVREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
my TV not install in 48 hourREAD MORE,1.0
I am distrub with its connectivity. After 21 days of purchase LED TV has not functioning. Sudden go to pause mode with crack sound.READ MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
It is overall a good product..value for money..sound quality is awesome..picture quality for this budget is fine..READ MORE,5.0
the product is good bt mi installation partern jeeves's service is very very bad....i am waiting for the installation engineer from 15 days...READ MORE,3.0
this is osm led tv at the price range of 13999READ MORE,5.0
just wow......tq flipkart...... fast delivery......READ MORE,5.0
best tv under 19 kREAD MORE,5.0
berry goodREAD MORE,5.0
This is so goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv good product  and sound quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product very good product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superb quality nice sound quality fast delivery &demoREAD MORE,5.0
really superb smart TV........ everything kREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
if Mi provides Android OS in this TV. i think this is the best deal in this price.READ MORE,5.0
Mind blowing Tv value for money and best picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice TV, more than we expected. very budget product for below 23000. thanks MIREAD MORE",5.0
nice displayREAD MORE,4.0
"dear flipkart ,thank you for delivering this amazing product. I have some issues with the product delivery and installation that I faced after I bought this product.the product is awesome and unopened for last 11 days . after so much of pleading and calling the guys the installation guy finally arrived and got it done.the delivery guy droped our product in a middle of the road as it turned out to be too far for him(I am putting this in his words)after that we have to carry this product ...READ MORE",5.0
only there is one work bug in connectivity which smartphone it only supports the MI smartphones properly for others it keeps on disconnecting so buy only if you have any alternate MI phoneREAD MORE,4.0
best of the worldREAD MORE,5.0
( + )HD GOOD ( TATA SKY DTH)klll pro android box 4k good workingmi 43 TV ₹19400/ offer goodsound goodpicture good( - )BT NOWiFi 2.5 onlyREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
"I would like to sell this 43"" TV in just 19000. purchased on 6th November. seal packed. within 2 year warranty. I want to sell because size is small as per my hall. To purchase kindly contact at 99715470three sevenREAD MORE",5.0
"On time delivery. On time installation. Nice quality, value for money.READ MORE",5.0
101%satisfied........and superb service by Flipkart.....Always promt actionThanks MI AND FLIPKART...KEEP IT UP FOR EXCELENT PRODUCT AND SERVICEREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product at this price....READ MORE,4.0
Good product value for money okREAD MORE,5.0
"worst product ever, 15 days after purchase TV is getting internal issue and mi store will not helping me to out of this. it's really bad experience for me. and also they will said repair cost of MI TV is 18000, and I purchased in 21000 then what will I do now.READ MORE",1.0
Pictures quality badREAD MORE,5.0
"superb product , excellent offer from flip cartREAD MORE",5.0
excellent TVREAD MORE,5.0
what a TV sir ji??READ MORE,5.0
Best to in it's class. nice experienceREAD MORE,4.0
"best TV ever ,🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩READ MORE",5.0
best value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent flipcart ...I love indian company.READ MORE,5.0
overall good in 22kREAD MORE,4.0
Picture was very good..sound was not that much of expectation.. please note flipcart had issue in exchange the old televisionREAD MORE,1.0
demo and installation came in next day of delivery.. nice workREAD MORE,4.0
Received lcd instead of LED..READ MORE,1.0
"though ,reviews of many do state lot of high quality things, in reality its an average smart TV in all aspects. i strongly say after using from the day it is being sold first online... to date.ALL ASPECTS R JUST AVERAGE. ..READ MORE",3.0
Best price best item feeling goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Old tv should be exchanged if it's working, mine was not exchanged because of some lines on screen but was perfectly working.  Exchange policy should be changed and except all the tv which are working.READ MORE",1.0
"Actually they mentioned it as LED, but it is LCD with Backlit LED.Even though it is LCD with Backlit LED, they should mention it in the description, but they haven't mentioned it anywhere in the description.Even though the product is good, i was cheated by flipkart / MI with faulty description and that is the reason for One star.READ MORE",5.0
don't compare with top brands otherwise superb tv  for this price range  definitely value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Best product close your eyes and buy it. 👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"overall its value  for money ,only 720p hd,not a great panelREAD MORE",3.0
Nice product and good responce from flipkart team alsoREAD MORE,5.0
awesome tv at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Good zi got Rs.18900.00 onlyREAD MORE,5.0
good product. recommended if budget is concernREAD MORE,2.0
used hd connection but very bad picture qualityREAD MORE,1.0
good product ..READ MORE,4.0
improve in menu style.READ MORE,4.0
Good product for this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
not reached expected level..READ MORE,3.0
Nicece TV.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome TV having in 1900k best picture quality awsom soundREAD MORE,5.0
"Go for this, I have bought this and also Thomson which is competitor on price range ,  but when it comes to build quality , Software and Design MI stands out , Thomson is not that good .Genuine review after using both the products.READ MORE",5.0
nice product... but picture quality is not very nice... an affordable product in this cost..READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV value for money....READ MORE,3.0
nic productREAD MORE,4.0
best tv in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Great TV with nice features..READ MORE,5.0
"Good for small family, specifications, price.. are very competitive compared to other bands over all a very good tvREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Gud lokking nd conditionREAD MORE,5.0
Mi led smart TV is best but flipkart deliveries problems.READ MORE,4.0
"hi, after all market research, bought the MI  tv 43,  which is perfectly fit to my room size, I'm quite happy after taking my decision, tv was delivered as per schedule time, installation done within 2 days. over all I'm giving big thumbs up to MI tv..regardsVedREAD MORE",5.0
Product is good. Bad courier agency who asked to take shipment at 28km distance from actual delivery location. We had to travel on bike and get it.READ MORE,1.0
Best Value for money.. Good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
value for money..simply best..READ MORE,4.0
good service and thank you for FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv picture quality is averageREAD MORE,4.0
good picture quality sound system very good for low price TV bestREAD MORE,5.0
Everything is fine.Only problem with installation person.. no proper communication and he his very rude on use at the time of installation and argument.Please ensure to send proper person who can co ordinate smoothly with the customer.READ MORE,2.0
best smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Google Play could've made it best under 15kREAD MORE,5.0
"FilpKart Very Disappointed me.. Very 3rd class seller..MI product is good, but you have to purchase Mi StoreDon't buy at Flipkart.. they don't support customerI got Defective TV last 1.5 months they replaced TV  also Defected I am still waiting for Replacement or Refund.. Flipkart take Only time no any action.. My Biggest Mistake is I trust Flipkart again and againREAD MORE",1.0
At this price point this Product is Amazing. You may not get the UHD feeling but although it's fine considering the price point. Peace!READ MORE,5.0
superb Product  By MI and GOOD Service by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Better price good looking smart android TVREAD MORE,5.0
product is awesome..... needs emi for all bank debit card without extra charge..... (customer like me)READ MORE,5.0
Worth ever pennyREAD MORE,5.0
"Wonderful,value of money, good quality for sound, very fast installation and demoREAD MORE",4.0
good product...worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome TV ......When screen casting videos getting stuck sometimes..READ MORE,4.0
mi say the tv is 1080p quality but it is 720p and mirror casting problemREAD MORE,3.0
Very bad conditionREAD MORE,1.0
"Excellent experience.. this 43"" TV is awesome, sound effect is awesome. picture quality is average for normal set up box, HD set up box I don't no. Thanks for MI and flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product ......It is . Flipkart  also gave awesome experience thanks.READ MORE,5.0
Superb and marvelousREAD MORE,5.0
"tv is good but some restrictions with out jevees team instaltion waarrny not covered, what is rules..actaly I booked tv shipping address teleangana  but insatlion required to my parents home in AP WestGODAVARI THEY ARE SAYING WAARRNY NOT COVERED IN DIFFERENT  PLACEREAD MORE",4.0
"All good but one thing is bit strange.Flipcart or MI is providing wall mount stand with 399. Should it not be included in TV set?In market, such wall mount stand is worth of 100-150. If Customer purchases anything of 10k around, he can expect relevant accessories to be with it. Wall mount stand is not accessories but it's needed.Remote control is provided but not batteries !!!!READ MORE",4.0
buy upgraded versionREAD MORE,5.0
Installation process is very HorribleFlipkart YOU need to work on it.READ MORE,1.0
Product is good and delivery also good. value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's awesome rate in smart TV happy to buy this productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice budget LED Smart TV. The only problem is in sound management. Sudden increase is in sound while watching songs in movies.READ MORE,3.0
not very impressive picture quality. Disappointing.READ MORE,1.0
so nice product and look so goodREAD MORE,5.0
No. 1 TV in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
"mi led tv is worth every penny,it has awesome picture and sound quality.i dont know why other people were complaining about it.dont think and just go for it, i am sure you won't regret this purchase!!👍👍👍READ MORE",5.0
"hdmi not working, sounds problems in 15 daysREAD MORE",1.0
in its advertisement it shows led tv.but after receiving it was lcd tv....its is not good to sell these types products in flipkartREAD MORE,2.0
"Best Quality ,Best Product , Best price i got only @12,150 RsREAD MORE",5.0
Best quality best pictureREAD MORE,5.0
Absolutely pathetic software. Patchwall UI is horrible.READ MORE,1.0
Awsome productREAD MORE,5.0
good budget TV.. very happy to buy thisREAD MORE,4.0
The picture clarity and the sound is just amazing. When it comes to the smart features the main drawback is there is no playstore even the runs on Android os. But the apps can be easily installed via usb using apk files.READ MORE,5.0
nice product with this range.READ MORE,5.0
great features and worth every rupee. hoping to get play store update soon.If ur using a SD connection make sure sharpness is set to 20.READ MORE,5.0
it's awesome tv value for money👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
best price value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
my living hall wall mounted. Great lookREAD MORE,4.0
superb.. picture quality...READ MORE,5.0
good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome TvREAD MORE,5.0
Best tv  in awesome price best picture quality everything awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very  good  picture  and  sounds  Quality Paisa  vasulREAD MORE,5.0
"nice visual effect with great tv experience,sount is little bit low but it can be increased by external bluetooth speakers also.a very big display with quality of picture.this product is full value of money.READ MORE",3.0
They play tactics on warranty...READ MORE,1.0
"mi it is not LED it's LCD,fliffcart blaming the people.they are not taking back.use less store.READ MORE",2.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Best budget tv...but runs on patchwall os..so it is somewhat inconvenience. rather than that all are goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Amazing pannel from Mi. Picture quality far better than the other brands at this price point and the sound quality is also upto the mark for normal television exprience, to spice up the action add a home theatre but it is recommended. Flipkart delivery was spot on, however the installation took 5 days to happen with frequent follow up. If your budget is restricted a definite go for Mi TV 4a.READ MORE",4.0
Good product and super service for flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
best quality picture as this one is a LCD TV. and all other features including the patch wall interface is good.sound is also good.mirracast connectivity working fine with all devices.READ MORE,5.0
Asomwe Tv. best Tv in this Price..sound quality good.picture quality x c lentREAD MORE,5.0
good at delivery and service but call and check before you get the product....be aware of that.... immediately open and check it outREAD MORE,4.0
I will play pubg on na big screen I love thisREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
timely delivey and timely instalation.good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product. I love it...READ MORE,3.0
"The display quality is very poor.Dim and black N white display, no colour enhancement.I had bad experience, why i did go for this product.READ MORE",1.0
size issue tv size is not 32 inchREAD MORE,5.0
I've fallen in love with this TV !!!Good HDR movie performanceGreat console gaming performanceSlim designGood sound performanceThe only issue I faced is some lags while screen casting.READ MORE,5.0
superb tv for house hold purpose n for small shops. great picture quality.READ MORE,5.0
very nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
nice product.... but I dissopointed bcz.. they charged extra 400 instalation and stand...READ MORE,4.0
"It's a very good T.V, when we compare to other TVs, they were giving a low price smart TV it's very interesting.READ MORE",4.0
"Worth the money in this price range. High quality performance,slim look, 20W sound output.👍READ MORE",5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Cheating from FLIPKART TV mentioned LED But but is LCDREAD MORE,1.0
"I am upset with the picture quality of this tv. Black colour looks only dark grey. Dynamic colour and contrast features makes the light colours very light and dark colours very dark. There is always a white shade on the screen, which seems extra bright.Sound is awesome.  Patchwall is user friendly. Though you need to install all the apps via a third party app. No play store to download and install apps. If you can compromise with picture quality for sound, user friendly Patchwall and flawle...READ MORE",3.0
Good products... picture quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Already used same 42 inch in Sony my dad happy after seeing mi tv nice and good value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
product is very good.delivered at right timeREAD MORE,4.0
"It's been good for 23K ,I had only 3 weeks experience with this product ,but l like it's and I will here after one year to review about qualityREAD MORE",5.0
every thing is fine after 3 months of use . got the installation on time and Flipkart delivery was also on timeREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is good,,, only one question about LCD or LED,,READ MORE",4.0
Delivery was Superfast...!! 5 Stars.Product yet to be unboxed & installed.READ MORE,5.0
awsm tvREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"A good tv from Mi. Very good picture quality and sound also good. Though there were some glitch with the delivery & installation. The overall experience is slightly more than okay, keeping in mind the price tag.READ MORE",4.0
awesome product from miREAD MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Got TV with Manufacturing defect in Panel. Flipkart is very slow in responding to consumer complaints satisfactorily. Flipkart will solve it at its own pace and convenience.READ MORE,1.0
bad experience headphone Jack is not workingpls solve this issueREAD MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
amazing TVgreat price great qualitycasting option is very quick and superbworth the priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product and I'm happy with flipkart teem thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality picturesREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
everything perfect nothing else could be expected from it#india ka tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent TV, No Lags, superb quality of picture .READ MORE",5.0
screw not adjust properly in wall stand very light weight and poor quality don't purchase totally waste of money.READ MORE,1.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, very happy to buy..READ MORE",5.0
please don't buy this TV am purchase last month but last 15 day sound problem .Mi customer care no reply..so please don't buy..READ MORE,2.0
HD quality is not up to the mark.READ MORE,4.0
Maasssssss Mi4ATVREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice product and value of money...READ MORE,5.0
Superb..READ MORE,5.0
connectivity problem1) mobile remote is not working2) you tube connectivity with mobile is not proper working.sound and picture is good.I also purchase SANYO TV  . In SANYO smart Tv No such type of connectivity issue.READ MORE,3.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
MI tv is not supporting 1080p videos in youtube...there may be a chance of not supporting that resolution in Set top box also...and I have complained to the flipkart that I want replacement or refund...they are initiating my request and telling me that mi service engineer will visit our home to checkout the problem. But the agent never came to our home and he is updating that there is no problem with the tv. I have raised this issue three times and not even once he came and checked out the pr...READ MORE,3.0
this is very excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
"BEST TV on this price range & on time delivery and installation,  only drawback is playstore or any app store are not available, & picture quality is not upto mark, colors are less not dynamicREAD MORE",4.0
i loved it...forget the negative reviews and go for it...its the best in this range ..READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is not so good ok ok for the rangeREAD MORE,1.0
"Very prompt service,but status is not updated timely.READ MORE",5.0
"Awesome Product, Superrrrr,......READ MORE",5.0
Great product... Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"sound was very good.., I like it picture quality is very goodlow cost best qualitytq miREAD MORE",5.0
gud tv but it's LCD feel video while watching it .low quality plasticREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PRODUCT OF MI AND BEST SERVICE PROVIDE BY FLIPKART.READ MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
it is super duper coolREAD MORE,5.0
"received a defective TV, no proper response any oneREAD MORE",1.0
awesome tv value for money.READ MORE,4.0
superb picture quality good sound quality on this price .READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product at this PRICE10 on 10 for delivery and installation#enjoying moviesThanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Super tv fully equiped as it was expected.Full value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Quite efficientREAD MORE,4.0
i have bought MI 4A TV's. first time had a very good experience. but second time had to go through a bad experience due to worst installation service. I don't have any issue with the product and delivery. but really would advise others to be careful about installation service as there won't be a good experience always.READ MORE,1.0
nice television mi 4A but not fastly install that is the problem but TV so goodREAD MORE,4.0
With in 10 days display gone. Raised a request for replacement.... But there is no proper response from flipkart. Do not buy anything in flipkart.READ MORE,1.0
"I m full satisfied to this MI 32"" LED TV.Great LED.Go for bye it.I am also got cassback of RS 750/- 😄Don't worry bye this..READ MORE",5.0
amazing product....READ MORE,5.0
Nice product nice delivery nice installation.. Just add 3.2 mm jackREAD MORE,5.0
good pic quality &sound I love mi & thanks Flipkart good delivery..READ MORE,5.0
unable to connect my sound bar to Tv...two times technian visited for demo but clear understanding they also don't haveREAD MORE,2.0
"picture quality is good, sound also good, value for money. delivery in time but not delivered to home.READ MORE",4.0
awesome smart TV in this price range with dynamic picture quality...........READ MORE,5.0
Super product good serviceREAD MORE,5.0
its LCDREAD MORE,3.0
fast delivery with nice product at low priceREAD MORE,4.0
delivery was fast n the installation was also fast thanks to Flipkart for this amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality too bad for both hd and non hd channelsREAD MORE,1.0
TV is  good ...but service of demo and installation in Uttrakhand  specially in U.S. Nagar area is so cheap hence no recommandation for user of UttrakhandREAD MORE,1.0
"For installation of TV, your engineer is still not visited at my home, kindly do this on priorityREAD MORE",2.0
VERY BAD EXPERIENCE FROM FLIPCART DONT BUY  THEY ARE UNDERSTAND US LIKE FOOL CAUSE I BUY MI LED  ON 19 AUG 2018 BUT INSTALLATION  NOT TILL DATE ALSO COSTOMER CARE GIVING FALSE IMFORMATION ALSO MISGUIDEREAD MORE,1.0
Worst installation service by jeeves.i will not by any thing from flipkart in future.they rescheduled my appointment of installation with my permission actually they work on their comfort not on their customer...i don't know about the produch because that was not installed yetREAD MORE,1.0
Wall mount not free from miother companies provided wall mount bracket but mi not provided wall mount so bad think..... extra charge for wall mount Rs 400/- i think is not good policy. provide wall mount free of cost.READ MORE,1.0
A Great Smart TV in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
"very nice tv, worth it.READ MORE",5.0
delivered on time and installation and demo was done on time in trivandrum. So far its good only problem is that watching normal channels on a big TV is bit blurry. So do keep in mind that u should have HD channels before buying a Big HD TV. Havent tried any of the smart features of the TV yet.READ MORE,4.0
"superior sound,nice picture quality, connectivity is gr8(missing bluetooth).. only problem is usb port has no space between them.so can't use both ports at the same time.READ MORE",5.0
Good and value for money but earphone point not working. I want to fix it by Mi services. Please guide.READ MORE,4.0
I love miREAD MORE,5.0
Good product i love itREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Its an amazing experience with this tv all good no issuesREAD MORE,5.0
"Product is good overall. Picture is whitish when viewed from side angles. Also with SD box picture is blurry. With HD box and YouTube , USB movies etc , quality is very clear. Wifi connectivity is very good. You tube videos playing thru wifi smoothly. Sound is loud and clear, but has no bass.READ MORE",4.0
"Rs. 1500  was charged for installations. Also Picture quality is too bad, Never buy this TV. Flipkart kindly refund my amount.READ MORE",1.0
Not a perfect led and full HD qualityREAD MORE,1.0
good product. hope some smart function get updateREAD MORE,4.0
This is the best you can get with such cost.READ MORE,5.0
Screen can't be mirror. flagship TV can't mirror screen from Flagship A1. other company phones  are not able to mirror the screen.READ MORE,1.0
I am purchasing mi TV from Flipkart and I get delivered 25 th that time they told installation on 29th  but anyone concern person not coming that particular time again I called Flipkart people they told wait till September 3rd. TV delivery only 2 days but installation after 10 days it's very badREAD MORE,1.0
Flipkart Servise were bad And this tv Not screen mirror to iphone Delivery right time but intonation 3 day late So bad experience in FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
it has no Bluetooth connectivity worst TVREAD MORE,1.0
It is not true LEDREAD MORE,1.0
doesn't look full hdREAD MORE,1.0
Every thing is ok except picture qualityAnd it is not led it s lcdREAD MORE,1.0
"I have purchased new MI LED 32 , I received LED Sunday on datedREAD MORE",4.0
"Awesome experience so far, Coolest TV. Xiaomi is redefining the disruption cycle, be it a phone or a TV. Our country must learn and succeed in what it means by user friendliness, affordability and customer delight. Rest all the competitors are far far behind.READ MORE",5.0
product is good but installation process is very lazy.READ MORE,3.0
superb TV in this price.....READ MORE,5.0
If this is LED tv then why should write on display LCD type?.READ MORE,5.0
I'm Happieeee and Satisfy with MI Smart TV.READ MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
black color looks like grey n whitish type of a picture.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Best budget LED yet LCD tv mentioned on tv panelREAD MORE,5.0
"picture quality is excellent if you only watch TV, if you connect computer then the picture gets  little blurry, otherwise everything is great, for this amount of price.READ MORE",5.0
"not pure Android most of the applications do not work.. apart from that it is a standard tv. you can play YouTube, hotstar, cast screenIt catches the WiFi signal very well.waiting for updates. Using this TV from past 5 monthsREAD MORE",4.0
It's really surprised me ❤️READ MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Absolutely pathetic post delivery service for installation from Jeeves...They dont stick to their commitment and postpone the mere 15 mins installation for days and name it as a technical issue. The most funny part was the company assigned a technician called as Engineer for the installation and when i contacted the person he told me he is on Leave!!!! Is this is the dedicated customer service what they boast about? And i am perplexed to see Flipkart getting associated with companies like th...READ MORE,1.0
best in this price...READ MORE,5.0
it's a smart TV not Android one also play store is not availableREAD MORE,5.0
Flipcart installation not yet done its already completed 3 days of delivery. Hence i will suggest you to bey it directly on MI site. Now I want to return the product.READ MORE,1.0
"dont buy this TV  if you want android smart tv..  it is just smart not android smart...  worst product..  does not support google play services, youtube,  xender,  etc...  worst product...  they dont specify it...  this is true..  it works on patchwall OS..  worst OS..READ MORE",1.0
its been almost a week but the product although deleivered on time is lying in the box as the installation personnel never reached to install the TV although commitments made each day...absolutely poor customer service from Flipkart and its partners.READ MORE,1.0
"it's good, value for money but they supposed to provide IR cable and Bluetooth remote then it will better and also they supposed to provide full hd display in 32"" variant and there are no Google play store that's the draw back of this tv. but still it's worth in this cost.READ MORE",3.0
"Installation and demonstration experience is worst, after getting the delivery before time, installation team has not turned up for next 3 days, I have opened it at my own and put it on table, now Flipkart says, there will be no warranty of you have opened it yourself.what is this ?bad experienceREAD MORE",1.0
value foR moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I never gives 5 star so easily but it really deserve a five star rating.READ MORE,5.0
overall best product within 13000rsREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome tvREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent .....outstanding.....remarkable  product at very reasonable price.READ MORE,5.0
Good but picture quality is less than full HDREAD MORE,3.0
its been more than 10 days and no one came to my house to give demo and install tv..no one from vendor or flipkart has given any resolution to this.. this is a very pathetic service they are providing..whats the use of buying a tv from you guys if you are incapable to provide any service to consumer..didnt expect this poor behaviour from you guys...READ MORE,1.0
"2 months after purchasing this TV it's speaker started making crackling noice. when I complained about it to customer care, they gave me a date but no one come till now to inspect TV.I think I should have purchased Sony TV.READ MORE",5.0
Good I have purchased this TV last week. no issues clarity depending upon ur dish TV connection and HD channel quality.READ MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Deserved TV for this moneyREAD MORE,4.0
but installation not done correctly by excecutiveREAD MORE,5.0
nice TV in this price really awesome soundREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Awesome Awesome ! Delivery On time.Installation one day late but satisfied.. Value for money.must buy.READ MORE,5.0
the product  is exelent bu installation is worstREAD MORE,4.0
product is great but the service of flipkart customer care is very bad as they don't have any information and try to misguide the customers regarding installation and deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Great TVREAD MORE,4.0
TV I got in a good price but the installation part from the service provider is worse.  even we couldn't get any help from the customer care also.  we have to wait for their time and not they can't serve you.  it's disgusting . and the customer care is very much unhelpful. the installation person did not give the ir cable..  very irresponsible workREAD MORE,1.0
the product suppose to deliver 8 days from booking but delivered after 18 days.no proper updates or commitment on delivery from customer care.installation also taking more time 2-5 days from delivery.fed up with following customer care for getting product delivery.READ MORE,1.0
best TV in this budget..go for it ... awesome picture quality and   sound ...miracast is awesome...better than lg and Samsung believe me...waiting for new updatesREAD MORE,5.0
"Bluetooth not supported. Though SPDIF port is there, but it is not working...Do not go for it.READ MORE",1.0
cool bro go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"TV was delivered on time but I am having a bad time getting the Flipkart's person to install. the person allotted is not picking up my calls. it's been 2 days now, we are from working class, we have schedules, I can't be at home all the time for this person to visit for installing the TV. Appointment scheduling is really bad.READ MORE",3.0
Value for money and TV is very nice.  installation engineer is very good. thanks for Flipkart and Mi.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome tv for dis price... Good sound clarity... Too happyREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
After one month of usage:1.Marketing was done for Led type display but delivered  Lcd tv very disappointed . 2. Dth display quality poor. 3. Sound and mirror sharing is good. 4.  Mx player Additionally app installed successfully.. 5. Can any 1 Suggest me dth which sync with this TV??READ MORE,2.0
good tv and good service to flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
TV delivered on time but the installation and demo process work is not happening on time.READ MORE,1.0
TV is awesome in this range. but installation was not so good. and the guy was also not so helpful. He only fixed the TV ok the wall and started by clicking power button. that's it. nothing else.READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV nothing to say.....READ MORE,5.0
"This is worst product,  because i bought this product but within four months the TV screen showing a black vertical line on the displayREAD MORE",2.0
Good at good priceREAD MORE,5.0
Mi TV 4a is a Best buy for the price.Display & Sound quality is above expectation.Built quality of TV is very much weak compared to Sony.READ MORE,4.0
flip cart delivered on time TV is OK not a extraordinary and installation team is worst my old TV was there I asked installation team to remove old and fix new MI TV he said removing old TV cost will be 500 rs.and new tv wall bracket 500 rs. so I lost 1000 rupees extra.READ MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
flipkart provide damaged display led...after complained not changed my led....chor comapny h sali.....dont buy provide bad products broken damagedREAD MORE,1.0
"Flipkart can't know the customer value.Because Flipkart cancel my product with out my persion.i asked,how you cancel without my permission,they simply said ,coreyar team only cancel your product.and simple said we can't do anything.u only order again...they can't help.after I spoke to deliver person.they understand my situation and delivery my product.READ MORE",1.0
"Sound average.display average.patchwall os not so  good needs more improvement. updates are not providing there is only one update from initial sales.need to invest 1000 rupees more for DAC, SPDIF cable,RCA cable to connect home theatre to this TV. TV is made up of full plastic.installation service is good.remote is ok.READ MORE",3.0
"product is good but filipkart is bad, nothing buy with filipkartREAD MORE",1.0
good product within the budget.READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Tv is nice, but no one came for installation. I hv to get some one to do it. Really sad from flipcartREAD MORE",5.0
Wont ever buy from flipkart.READ MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv good worth for 14kREAD MORE,5.0
better quality and good serviceREAD MORE,4.0
You specify LED but wo got slip of LCD on display.....READ MORE,1.0
No one comes for Installation of TVREAD MORE,4.0
I had received delivery of my Mi LED Television on 25th July & I cannot get installation till today. very very bad service experience. don't buy any products from Flipkart.READ MORE,1.0
fantastic TV from mi go for itREAD MORE,5.0
I would say this is a decent purchase at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"tv was good, picture quality is average LCD type, but i give 0 star for installation & demo service. non educated  installation employee, Nothing to know more about tv features... Poor installation service for JeevesREAD MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Please remember this product is not returnable. TV is good at this price. Equipped with limited features. All in all a good buy. They should provide stand along with TV. We have to pay 500 Rs extra for wall mount unit.READ MORE,3.0
item delivered in time ..but the installation part is worse ...not able to complete installation even after 10 daysREAD MORE,1.0
"Good product,  worthy to payable money,READ MORE",4.0
MI LED TV Wonderful effect 5 ratingREAD MORE,5.0
too good but not applicable for Google support may available thare after update.....READ MORE,3.0
cheap and smartREAD MORE,5.0
very less functions on remote. delivery and installation very late. but product is value for money .READ MORE,5.0
Delivery was at right time......but installation too late....READ MORE,3.0
only say value for money. that's it.READ MORE,4.0
Good product...this is the value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Clarity is medoum.. Cast screen not effective.. Sound ok..READ MORE,3.0
Superb TV mi is bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
I have received the product very much on time and I am happy with it so 5stars for the delivery.Flipkart has confirm the installation date.That installation and demo was scheduled with jeeves consumer services private limited.On that day I have called them to get the timings. They didn't provide me timings but they assured that your ticket has been issued for today so anengineer will come today itself.And in the afternoon a girl called me from jeeves to say that today demo and installati...READ MORE,1.0
"In this TV we can't increase the color tone manually...cold, warm, standard doesn't fulfill the requirement and also TV sometime got hang while surfing On line content.READ MORE",2.0
best tv.. value for money. But installation service Bad😕READ MORE,5.0
mi TV good and great product but not ledREAD MORE,4.0
"its good, but without remote we cant start tv,, and remote is very delicate and its costs more than 1500READ MORE",5.0
satisfactoryREAD MORE,5.0
Great product in 43inch in rs22999/- Look is excellent and display size is huge .. picture quality  is very gd but not so excellent.overall gd product.READ MORE,4.0
for this price it's very smart...it supports all things like YouTube Wi-Fi pen drive...etc loved itREAD MORE,5.0
it's very good product from mi.its awesome quality best value for money.im giving 5star to that product.no more wait buy now.READ MORE,5.0
installation process is haurable. no one is ready to take responsibility.... very badREAD MORE,2.0
Plus1.slim and light weight2. Low priceMinus1. No play store2. Long process to install apps3. No wall mount(400 extra for wall mount)4. No remote batteries and IR cable5. Plastic stand6. 6 GB ROM only usableValue for money... Good product.... Needs updates....READ MORE,1.0
"ONLY ONE WORD ""KATAI JEHHER"".MUST BUY ,BEST QUALITY IN THIS RANGE.READ MORE",5.0
"Hallo Busy man, don't waste your internet and especially your time by seeing reviews and other products in the internet. Blindly go for this. Pros:AffordableGreat user experince as middle class people not experinced like this tv so farMultiple optionsGood soundGreat patchwall osCons:we have to buy wall support..Dont expect more cons from this productNOTE:when you buy tv buy flipkarts extended warranty also. It has free two year warranty service. By default when you Redmi tv co...READ MORE",4.0
superb tvREAD MORE,5.0
All about TV is ok but Flipkart delivery with gati is too late..READ MORE,4.0
white patches are seen on display. not satisfied.Picture quality is poor.READ MORE,2.0
"display is not upto the mark , they are making fool to indian customers with marking LCD to LED, this product is based on LCD not in LED...they have to learn something with other brands like ""V""READ MORE",1.0
i order LED TV but they send LCD tv i don't know how they do like this. i purchase many items through flipkart but this time Iam fully upset about this. don't buy this TV please go for another TV picture quality was very very very bad 😕😕😕😕😕😕READ MORE,1.0
Finally my mi TV installed today.READ MORE,5.0
Really good product at this price range...but bad experience with the installation people's..they charge extra Rs.400 for it..READ MORE,1.0
Excellent Quality.READ MORE,5.0
Everything is ok..like sound is superb..just mind blowing..picture is also too good..not like as 4K..but satisfied..Functions also too good..but the main problem : it's does not have own google play store...should have bluetooth connectivity ...all over rating 4...READ MORE,5.0
"Simply a superb TV. What else you can get in just 13000.Best thing is if you have MI phone you can use it as mirror via MI connect this feature is fantastic. Sound, picture is superb.only issue till I got is that while using MI connect & playing hotstar from your phone it does not show video only audio works.READ MORE",5.0
Really hats off to flipkart people they are delivered in time. Installation  is also done  on the same day of delivery. Overall experience with flipkart is excellent.READ MORE,5.0
worst product ever seen.display not working after one monthREAD MORE,1.0
For good picture quality it should have HD source and should have HD set top box.READ MORE,5.0
sound quality very good picture quality goodREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money, but wairless screen sharing only works through mi phone only if you have moto or samsung devices you are unable to share your screen to your tv, its a Android tv but there is no play store and google play services so some application didn't work properly it's really horrible experience i ever had, otherwise it's good tv.READ MORE",4.0
I love itREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice TV ...best price and beat maony backREAD MORE,5.0
waiting for installation tv was awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
gd value for money .but installation charges like mount 2200 rupeesREAD MORE,4.0
"Good Sound, Viewing angle, Patchwall os UI.READ MORE",5.0
full hd not supportable.. Blue rey video is not playing. .screen merroring is not working well.READ MORE,3.0
Everything is good but tv display may be its a LCD not LEDREAD MORE,4.0
installation was wrost too many hole in my wallREAD MORE,1.0
"Colour quality is very poor, colour is fade. Buying this you will not enjoy the tv.READ MORE",1.0
Didn't expected that it doesn't have bluetooth connectivity with head phone or speakers. It is bit dissapointing for me. Rest everything is fine.READ MORE,3.0
Poor picture quality....asked for replacement but they are not replacingREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome TV....READ MORE,4.0
intallation take too long time ...READ MORE,4.0
no doubt amazing quality value for money...XIOMI need to work for connectivity only Rest all prfct..READ MORE,5.0
"Very late installation with jeeves. picture quality is ok.. but expected quality, compare to this VU TV picture clarity is soo good.READ MORE",2.0
cheap product and cheap service given by the partner of Flipkart. don't ever buy this product. totally wasteREAD MORE,2.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"got defective piece, screen was blinking but flipkart and mi service is good they have promised to replace the whole set within 2 days. will keep updating.READ MORE",1.0
Installation is very badREAD MORE,2.0
"product is good but service is seriously bad, they have not wall mount accessories to installREAD MORE",1.0
No instalation  till now.READ MORE,5.0
Smart TV In budget rate good product super sound qualityREAD MORE,3.0
Injoy the lifeREAD MORE,5.0
"Brought this 3 weeks back, experience till now was quite good.  Not a great display as expected and the TV is not  LED it is an LCD TV, felt I got cheated seeing the description given in the flipkart where they have not mentioned it as an LCD TV anywhere.READ MORE",3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome TV at this price... but i did not get the cash back for sbi credit card..READ MORE,5.0
Nice led tvREAD MORE,5.0
not coming technicanREAD MORE,5.0
At this price the product is awesome. The product is working all the facilities goodREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality average not full hdREAD MORE,3.0
Superb product Better than any other big brand stuff....READ MORE,5.0
Its gd. Bt jio tv isnt workingREAD MORE,3.0
"WOW very good TV, overall superrrrrrrr, thanks Flipkart & MIREAD MORE",5.0
It's a good TV in this budget but wall mount costs extra and we cannot get better viewing experience from near we should be min 8 feet. No BluetoothREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product and specially sound superb bt connectivity bed ..for screen mirroringREAD MORE,4.0
excellent product.READ MORE,4.0
1 month used sprbb experienceREAD MORE,5.0
Belive me i can't emphasis more. look at the number of people bought this product and are happy with this product too. No complaints at all. A very good product in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
unbeatableREAD MORE,5.0
we love the service from Flipkart but if u all instal the tv before the installation date ivl b more thankful to u..thank...READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product... met delivery timeline as committed....READ MORE,5.0
I attached 1 tb external hard disk in USB port it's too slow in fetching the videos.READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very very nice picture and sound also.Our whole family liked this nice product. But late delivery and too late installation from Flipcart.READ MORE,5.0
best tv in indiaREAD MORE,5.0
The review is not about TV because it is not yet installed. The installation agency is horrible and technicians are highly unprofessional. Even the roadside technicians have way of talking but not these guys..Flipkart should change the installation agency or else they will damage their business.READ MORE,1.0
still waiting for engineer to install it ... pathetic serviceREAD MORE,1.0
Nice product of miREAD MORE,5.0
Superior and Excellent Product..READ MORE,5.0
Everything is fine apart from display. It's not a LED display it's LCD.That is the one of cons.READ MORE,4.0
super tvREAD MORE,5.0
TV delivered on time. installation not happened on time. Overall picture and sound are ok.READ MORE,4.0
Excellent product but OS should have been Android but patchwall is not user friendly appREAD MORE,5.0
installation is very bad . no demo was introduced.READ MORE,2.0
product and delivery is very good but installation support is very worst i can't expect with uREAD MORE,4.0
Nice tv smart I likeREAD MORE,5.0
best tv accroding to price i am satisfied with disREAD MORE,5.0
Good smart tv at this awesome price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
really like it ..! awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
super TV good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
dont think twice.. buy it now. its really worth.READ MORE,5.0
friends j purchased mi 43tv .delivered in time installed that guy  is very bad behavior.I am not happy with installation and demo please think before buying products from flipcart.READ MORE,2.0
"product is nice but...  installation and demo service was a bad experience 😠. Installaion was scheduled on next day after product delivery. They Sent me message about installation complete even before any call or contact form service  provider.  After lodging 4 to 5 complains, installation was completed after 6 days .READ MORE",1.0
it amazing product of miREAD MORE,5.0
"first class.....every time mi and Flipkart  surprised me alot,led working good, user-friendly osand sound excellent.really value for money.thanks to Mi& FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
Super......READ MORE,5.0
super product...READ MORE,4.0
love itREAD MORE,5.0
your engineer not reached still for led  installation tv buy 13-07-2018READ MORE,2.0
when installation man came n opened the screen was ok..but when started ..the display was broken....strange....reallyREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"no play store, very basic remoteREAD MORE",3.0
VERY NICE TV AND ONTIME DELIVERY Yesterday received and next day installed on time delivery and before install the expected date THANK U ALLREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product nice shipping and installation... picture quality not well enoughREAD MORE,5.0
best service for delivery time.but still wait for installations.but finally mi's person come. and installation done.thank you so much for best service.and sorry from me for make concern in this rainy weather.READ MORE,5.0
Budget Smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart sucks big time.after sales service is the worst.my led hasn't been installed even after three days of delivery and they say they install it the next day of delivery.READ MORE,1.0
I was skeptical before buying it but am happy with the product. It has been about a month since I bought it and everything looks good. You can't ask for more for what you're paying.READ MORE,4.0
value for money👍READ MORE,5.0
delivery time is VERY long so given one star.READ MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice feature full paisa vasoolREAD MORE,4.0
"installation problem, installation person behaviour was not good and my compliant was not closed.,and no feed back by Flipkart supervisorsREAD MORE",1.0
The TV is no doubtedly is a killer at this price range but Flipkart you have to work on the demo and install process. the two representatives who came to install the TV had no minimum knowledge about the TV. whether I asked to them they answered negative ie I asked them about hotstar app they smartly answered that the TV does not support hotstar and same for YouTube app. so Flipkart you have to look into this matter.READ MORE,4.0
"TV is awesome , but the installers installed the TV mount, which is applicable for 32 inch and taken the amt for 43 inch I.e 500/- , and the rate for 32 inch mount is given there in mi store is 400/-READ MORE",5.0
i love this product i love u flipkart thanksREAD MORE,5.0
No response from demo and installation unit ( jeeves) no body has comeREAD MORE,1.0
Best smart tv in such a small priceREAD MORE,5.0
problem in first day after system update but after factory resetting now it's running ok and thry even not give the Wall mount and IR blasterREAD MORE,2.0
Thanks youREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice one.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
"best TV in the market right now in this price range, and the service engineer's behaviour is very good.READ MORE",5.0
"Highly Recommended,it's an excellent TV in 14k display and sound quality are OoSaM!!thanks to mi for this product...READ MORE",5.0
Awesome...MI TV has all the features of a smart TV at an affordable price..Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
TV panel is not full HD. It’s 1280x720. If TV can play 1080 movie it does not mean FHD. Patch OS is Android 6.0.1 (M) base but poorly build. I don’t know which apps works on the TV if you do side-load. For me what said and what I got is not same. So disappointed.  Below is the calculation.Full HD = 1920X1080 = 2073600HD = 1280X720 = 921600Total pixels loss = 1152000Some app help you:-Side Load below APK and you will see the real thing.Device Info: Hardware & SoftwareDevice Info HWREAD MORE,1.0
good pictures quantity and soundREAD MORE,5.0
"good product, but there is a problem in connecting phone to the TV. It doesn't plays the videos properlyREAD MORE",3.0
"very nice , great picture quality, connect WiFi, full screen version connect with mobile, 3 star but use electricity same as 5 starREAD MORE",5.0
Best smart TV in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
a perfect TV for meREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
overall good at this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
colour is so badREAD MORE,3.0
Patchwall has loads of options and intuitive to use. Best deal for the price. Simply go for it..READ MORE,5.0
Very Good Delivery And Best TV In This Price RangeREAD MORE,5.0
great service. got my delivery on exact timeREAD MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent item in less price..READ MORE,5.0
must buy product the only drawback is that all dont work on itREAD MORE,4.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
excellent tv for by priceREAD MORE,5.0
Tv Is Gud In 14k... Connectivity Is Awesome.. Flawless Speed.. The only issue I found in this tv is Picture Quality... The picture Looks Animated.READ MORE,4.0
good tv but there is no connectivity option of 5.1 chhanel speaker. HDMI output not available.READ MORE,5.0
As per concern of tv fully satisfied but releated to gati courier service rating from my side is zero.READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
TV is good but it solely depends on internet .....it's doesn't have any browsing facility by remote .....slightly typical to use....rest all fine..i.again review after 30 days of using itREAD MORE,3.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product sound quality is good picture quality is slightly lowREAD MORE,1.0
Satisfied very nice mi tv so Happy.READ MORE,5.0
extra worth for money ....!READ MORE,5.0
Good product with best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Mi TVs are fantastic. Total value for money. But delivery and installation services offered by Flipkart are pathetic and disappointing. Flipkart's customer service is worst in the world. They never help customers. Instead helping they force customer to wait. Think before you buy from Flipkart. Flipkart's courier partner GATI has sold my COD order to someone else for higher price. But sad part is that In this case Flipkart denied help. Dear Flipkart! you are simply disappointing....READ MORE,1.0
when i buyed i thought i would be a ANDRIOD tv but its a patchwall tv and now i have to download all the apk files by myself (alot files dont even support) such a waste hate it!!READ MORE,1.0
user interface not easyREAD MORE,2.0
pathetic and lousy service by Jeeves. they kept rescheduling my appointment post committing time and I and to finally get the TV installed myself. Beware Flipkart ;Jeeves will take you down with them.READ MORE,1.0
"Installation demo not given, he cancelled all scheduled dates without discussing with me..and finally he said one month over he cant come. Very very vad attitude shown , not going to order anything from Flipkart if same continues..READ MORE",1.0
instolesen problem bed sarvisREAD MORE,1.0
good tv. but lazy deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"1. Audio/Speaker quality is not up to standards.2. Very limited inbuilt apps, it's not a pure Android TV, Google play store is not available to install other apps securely.3. TV remote does not have basic buttons like *mute* which is  commonly used thing.READ MORE",3.0
good smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Great TV with a perfect price range!!READ MORE,5.0
completely up to expectationsREAD MORE,5.0
"Good TV. Picture quality little low, its not LED, sound quality Nice. But One Think Its Not a LED TV. its Only LCD.READ MORE",4.0
very good TV awesome worth itREAD MORE,4.0
Outstanding TV in this price range. Value For moneyREAD MORE,5.0
picture quality good value for money delivery fast but not for IR cable and Wall mount accessories.READ MORE,5.0
"I don't know why people are complaining about the miracast connectivity issue of the mi TV. But I just have one thing to say to the new buyers, don't think much just buy it and you will feel yourself fully satisfied.READ MORE",5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
It's shameful that Mi Smart tv not able to play most of the audio formats.. Waste of money..READ MORE,1.0
Dilevery was at time good job Flipkart installation is not done yet even I don't have any idea when it's going to done. as discussed with executive it will take 5 more days to resolve thats really frustrating.READ MORE,4.0
it's simply awesome...no comparison with other brandREAD MORE,5.0
This tv have hanging problem while connecting phone wia witeless display.video aoudio all are struck and scrolling by phone is very slow if you scroll while running facebook tv response after 20 secondREAD MORE,1.0
ProsIs a Good smart TV. You can install apps.Get files shared from your laptops.ConsMiracast is not working always.3 to 4 seconds delay in appearing display while turning on the tv.READ MORE,4.0
"Mind Blowing Device, unbelievable at this price segmentREAD MORE",5.0
BEST QUALITY 1080 PX VERY SUPERB TV ..READ MORE,5.0
great product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money product....cannot expect any other better choice at this rate....READ MORE,5.0
nice one....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good tv but TV wall stand not available with TV.READ MORE,5.0
product is awesome i more satisfied with this screen resolutionREAD MORE,5.0
"Product Mi TV is a OK Type Product1)Display is very much disappointed due to its mirrored finish, causing loss of clarity of content & irritating experience. Contrast ratio & Color reproduction is poor than LGs Low end TV.Sounds are also average, its not a ""DTS surround"" as they mentioned in Specification. Now days when cheap Bluetooth speakers too have good speakers in it, Surprisingly Mi TV4 has average speakers in it.Big disappointment to music lovers.its have only less than 5GB space...READ MORE",3.0
Nice product fast delivery and installation.READ MORE,4.0
awesome delivery time hat's off\m/READ MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good one..READ MORE,4.0
good delivery. fast delivery. but installation very worsted. I am purchasing mi TV  24 th June .in this time No installationREAD MORE,2.0
fine...every thing is fine upto today...just once after 2 moth of purchase full display become black and white only sound came...i called customer care they come after that day and jst clear the dust from mother board...it become fine..i operate it from 9month ...after that no issue is occured till now...you can buy it under this lower rate...only 500 will charge for wall mount..and 1900 cost for 2 year extended warrenty....it is better to extend the warrenty beacuse there must be some fear a...READ MORE,5.0
Best TV at his rateREAD MORE,5.0
best tv in best priseREAD MORE,5.0
just waoooo awsome televisionREAD MORE,5.0
Good product😁😁READ MORE,5.0
good product for middle classREAD MORE,5.0
Demo installation is not so good.TV is excellentREAD MORE,4.0
"Value for money as expected from Xiaomi. Just miss Google Play Market, Browser and Prime app... Would have been great if we got the same in future with the OTA updates.READ MORE",5.0
Its good.....READ MORE,5.0
tv is good at this price point but installation  is worst .READ MORE,3.0
OK with price.. gud quality and picturesREAD MORE,4.0
Cheap and best products..AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Prompt delivery. Installation should be  done along with delivery ..READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice product.. liked it..READ MORE,5.0
"very nice product & also very good service, excellent pitcher quality , audio is average.READ MORE",5.0
installation person through the company was nt behaving well...READ MORE,5.0
nice tv value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good service keep it upREAD MORE,5.0
an awesome product ...it is like buying Jio sim instead paying hefty charges for other opetrors..READ MORE,4.0
"Brilliant product, value for money, Picture quality is super, Sound quality is also super........READ MORE",5.0
awesome product. waiting for the installation and demo. one complain i have that the person who delivered the product was careless and threw my product infront of me. so flipcart you need to be aware from these people.they should know that its business ....not a silly game. i had kept the product safely...waiting for the installation person.READ MORE,5.0
plz add youtube and google play appREAD MORE,5.0
Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
this is best budget range tv. don't buy any other like Thomson or TCLREAD MORE,5.0
its ok average performance not expected too good..but this is good of this price...thanq Flipkart. and team ...thanks too mi...for given a nice thingsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
super TV for lowest price satisfiedbut the picture quality is mediumREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NYC product and services is nice.but remote is very chief.but overall is very awesome.READ MORE,5.0
after 3-4 hour of use screen blacked out nothing is showing on screen i restart the tv several times but all times only black screen showsREAD MORE,1.0
What an product sir Ji amazing product really worthable ❤️❤️❤️❤️😍READ MORE,5.0
"Delivery was fast but no installation even after 2 days, please provide installation at the time of delivery.READ MORE",4.0
"television is good,delivered on time but installations is soo late I got it after 3 days of delivery. over all good.READ MORE",3.0
best choice for this pricethanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
I am very much happy with the product and delivery was in time.I am very much disappointed with demo and installation of the product.It took more than 10 days of time to get installation of my product.READ MORE,4.0
If net connection is slow then TV doesn't work well...Sound and video quality is best...READ MORE,3.0
"No Bluetooth available...Total plastic material usedwall mount not availablealthough all features available, still looks cheaper productREAD MORE",3.0
Nice Sound quality and display...READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Hi All,  Ordered 19th sale delivered 20th in Chennai at 10 am. Installation at 2 pm. YouTube and hotstar installed by default. Wall mount we had already technician put the mi TV in existing wall mount. Pls go with 2 Yr extended warranty, we took it.  Picture and sound good. Still need to try more. We r happy with the purchase.READ MORE",5.0
ClassicREAD MORE,5.0
Best product...!!READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice. good quality. must buyREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product with excellent quality.. It is value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Great Product Sound and Picture Quality is Good As compare to OtherExtra Featured Provided using IR BlasterSame Day Delivery and Installation.Worth ProductREAD MORE,5.0
its led r LCD ? the display made LCDREAD MORE,3.0
Nice TV picture quality is good. Installation done within 1dayREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I received defective television , as  it show high resolution u can't even c face of the actorsREAD MORE",1.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Wrost installation.. They didn't set our TV to wallREAD MORE,4.0
awsome👌👌READ MORE,5.0
it got repair in just 2 weeksREAD MORE,1.0
one of the best tvREAD MORE,5.0
"For SD channels it that much not good but for HD superb, for this price worthy, using for last one year, it is patch wall os, better go for antroid osREAD MORE",4.0
Awesome Product .. guys just grab it. 😊😊👌👌READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome product,I really happy with got this led TV.READ MORE",4.0
awesome tv with android But hanging on youtube . got hang while playing 720p videos on youtubeREAD MORE,4.0
Fast delivery ..fast installation..awosomeREAD MORE,4.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
nice and smart tv is best prodectREAD MORE,5.0
"great.. only thing, forgot to opt for extended warranty ..is thr any possibility of getting it now at tha same price???READ MORE",5.0
"Hi i have fallen in love with mi tv, its very good tv compared to all others like samsung, lg, others are waste when compared to mi smart tv. Coming miracast and picture quality is 5/5 and sound also 5/5.thank u miREAD MORE",5.0
MI is best in all at this time. This is also good.Actually  SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
screen mirroring  is not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
"Best tv at this price range. Sound is awesome, you don't require home theater with this TV. Picture quality is surreal. Thumbs up..READ MORE",5.0
"excellent, semaya irukkuREAD MORE",5.0
very good delivery ... exelent productREAD MORE,5.0
this product is awesome and best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Not good quality.. stop working in 10 days use.Very bad customer support.READ MORE,1.0
Hd quality is good...lack of aspect ratio 4:3 so without hd quality too bad than conventional TV..soDon't buy if you have without hd DTH...Can not return Flipkart..only replacement..READ MORE,1.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
super super.......100% worth this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"it's good at this price, video quality is good in HD channels. But for normal channels it's average.Installation is worst simply they charge you more for rotatable stand and they won't give bill also and it's price is 1900Rs.The demo person is from jeevs he himself don't no the functionality of the tv.he will be in hurry to move out f your home.READ MORE",3.0
nice picture quality n sound quality playstore in not there in TV patchwall content is Good finally Budget TVREAD MORE,4.0
I love this mi productREAD MORE,4.0
"Third class  managment of flip cart  10 day before i received mi  tv but still the person has  not come for installan,  i m calling installation agency but they saig the person will come tmw, but nexy he was not come. I completed in flip cart he said i look at this matter within three day.READ MORE",1.0
The TV is awesome with this price range. But Miracast supports with MI smartphone only.READ MORE,4.0
"Installation time is more, my TV is not installed. Because of address changeREAD MORE",4.0
Gati never delivers to home.I had to manage to go 15kms for thr pick up  of the product.Tv is fantastic and best in the price range.READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worst service provided by Flipkart. They will deliver you the product but not ensure right time installation.My product is staying uninstalled beyond the past date.READ MORE,1.0
Best of the price and quality.. Good Speakers. Easy to sync with phone and wifi. User manual was missing in the box.. When I updated the version.. There is issue with the wifi.. It's getting restart over and over again.. After setting to the factory mode the issue was solved.. Please fix the update issue.READ MORE,5.0
Good in this priceBut sound  not reached the valueREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance & good controlREAD MORE,5.0
Very gud prodectREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Television with all required features at a minimum cost.READ MORE,5.0
installation service is worst...READ MORE,1.0
Nice Tv in this range.... Everything is good.... Sound quality is bestREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
pic quality is goodsound normalREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome.👌READ MORE,5.0
miracast was not perform smooth quality is averagebest in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy without knowing the service centerREAD MORE,5.0
awesome tv nice deliveredREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Led Tv in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good installtiomREAD MORE,4.0
Video and Sound 5/5Looking 5/5Delivery 3.5/5Installation 4.5/5READ MORE,5.0
very nice product. pictures sound everything is perfect.. installation with in 1days.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
its a worthful tv.it had lot of features compare to other brands and this tv gets updates because of its patchwall os.READ MORE,5.0
Wow great LED TV in a reasonable price.Awesome picture quality.Wonderful sound.Must Buy.READ MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
If play store is included then it will be best of the best..some apps not working because of unavailability of Google play services..smart TV needs them.Colour patch problem solved by technician in warrenty period.READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
TV is good. Viewing angles are bad. Patchwall is just ok. Colors are not so vivid. Overall average but considering price it's okREAD MORE,3.0
display clarity is nice for this price.overall niceREAD MORE,4.0
very good TV.... nice quality....good service by Flipkart with in 48 hours.....READ MORE,5.0
I'm very happy with Flipkart teemREAD MORE,5.0
Best budget smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
This is very excellent tv  and price is also reasonable.READ MORE,5.0
branded tv nice service super sound full HD totally amazing tvREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is goodsound quality is not so gooddelivery by Flipkart is goodbut not happy with installationREAD MORE,3.0
no buttons on tv if u dont yave remote you cannit do any thingREAD MORE,3.0
wonderful TV..thnx mi..and on time delivery ..thnx FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product. Very good picture and sound. Youtube and hotstar run smoothly. Easy mobile screen sharing. Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
I got my TV after 1 week from ordering the productREAD MORE,5.0
"I am a regular customer of Flipkart since 2016. From Flipkart this was the worst experience for me. Previously I have never faced such kind of issue. I ordered Mi LED 4A TV on 22nd May 2018. As the seller was from Ahmedabad order status was updated on the same day itself and estimate delivery date is 26th May 2018. The order got dispatched from Gati courier on 23rd May, but I didn’t receive till 27th May. Expected delivery date was 26th May but when I registered complaint to Flipkart and Gati...READ MORE",1.0
"picture quality not good.remote like a toy, waste of money.READ MORE",3.0
chief and best productREAD MORE,4.0
"nice led ,smart screen ,and pictures quality is bestREAD MORE",5.0
Very happy after bought this product. Everything is perfect at this price range. Only problem is LIMITED STOCK. It took me 1 month for order this product.READ MORE,4.0
"Recently I bought this TV,Performance is fine as of now,This review is about Flipkart Service.Flipkart mentioned that table mount installation will be free and for wall mount charge would be INR 499.I was under impression that I will have to give INR 499 extra,And I opted for wall mount.Engineer(Jeeves) came and he did Rotate wall mount installation and post installation he charged INR 1800.on asking he said fix wall mount is of INR 499 and rotate wall mount is of INR 1800,this thing neither...READ MORE",2.0
"Nice tv in this range,  just awsome thanks flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
"Received the delivery on time from Flipkart. The MI technician also very cordial. Although I ordered for my home town, no hassle in getting it installed. Now, coming to the tv... I got Tata sky hd installed and was so excited to experience hd. I'm little dissapointed after watching few hd channels like natgeo etc. The picture quality is not wow, but it's good. The remote operation is made very simple. The sound quality is good. The make of to the TV is good. overall I feel it is a value for ...READ MORE",3.0
Super tv at this cost....... Bt the android  is annoying..... It has no appstore... So we can't  download  any app... And when we try to install by pendrive.. It doesn't  supports.... I've  tried 2 install... Chrome... Playstore... Shareit.... Bt no use very bad..... Bt other than that it hass gd display... Miracast... Pendrive playback... Hdmi ports... Headphone  out.... And the sound is superbb...compared  to Sony  and samsung tv'sREAD MORE,3.0
"Sound is excellent, mirror by samsung j7 is fine, picture and other facilities are undoubtedly super.READ MORE",5.0
"mi is provided great product,I am using this product from 6-7 hour and and detailed review of this product after a month.READ MORE",3.0
"Excellent service , very good response, quick delivery On that day itself installation has been completedREAD MORE",5.0
delivery fast but installation very late....bad...responseREAD MORE,1.0
very nice product.multiple features with common budget.this is best product for any people.READ MORE,5.0
Super MI TV best okREAD MORE,5.0
Great LED at this price.READ MORE,4.0
Worst thing is prime video not workingREAD MORE,4.0
fineREAD MORE,3.0
"MI is TV is really worth it but there is no person come for demo and installation, Only service techinication asked about time of demo and installation but no one comes to our place for installation.Flipkart service is realy worst whatever said nothing received yet about serviceREAD MORE",4.0
"I am writing this review after one week usage, this tv is amazing. Picture and sound clarity is excellent. We can control every functionality using remolte. You can go ahead with this without any doubt.READ MORE",5.0
good quality....sound low....not full HD......READ MORE,4.0
best budget Smart TvREAD MORE,4.0
"The tv is good but it does not have play store,mi apps storeAny application we want it asks allow unknown sources there is no any official application.on description it shows sun nxt, and viu apps but it does not supports these appsREAD MORE",2.0
"overall m happy either the product, but why the hell on earth they haven't put a Bluetooth support. it's most irritating from mi .  all home theater audios, keyboards, gamepads, headphones with Bluetooth functionality doesn't work in this .  mi has done a blunderREAD MORE",3.0
Got the tv in two days...and installion took one more day....i have been using this tv for a month now....no problem till now....best tv in this price range...bt yeah sometime while playing 720p videos...the quality degrades a little bit...READ MORE,5.0
Mi Tv is Very Nice product. but seller's are not respond in installationREAD MORE,5.0
Installation was pathetic... Engineer rejects call and turns his phone off... Flipkart says I will need to wait upto 5 working days to resolve... Installation wasn't rescheduled... I had to call back and request the guy... However his work was satisfactory. TV is brilliant for the priceREAD MORE,3.0
good product ...value for your moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product and good deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
"Online purchase king flipkart.MI TV options are good(Screen mirroring,Online options, Sounds).Totally worth of money this product.READ MORE",5.0
Very good picture quality and Sound Quality..connectivity also good...But no engineer contacted me upto promising date....finally installed myself.....READ MORE,5.0
too good same future smart TV in market cost is around 25kREAD MORE,4.0
superb mi led 32 inchesREAD MORE,5.0
no remote in the boxREAD MORE,1.0
"Delivery in time and highly recommend, must go for itREAD MORE",5.0
I got TV on 10 may 2018 but still no one come and installed.READ MORE,2.0
"The first TV I received had dull display, colors were not true, red appeared pinkish etc. Viewing angle was also very narrow. There was too much white background light which dimmed the colors, black was appearing dark grey. Flipkart technician luckily acknowledged the issues and helped get a replacement. Now the display is very good and as expected. Fortunately I was home. If not my parents couldn't have recognised the display problems. Wish Flipkart does thorough quality tests on every item ...READ MORE",4.0
Good service flipkart and jeeves good  demo and instalisan Mr desai kanjiREAD MORE,5.0
TV is really nice Good PackingNice picture qualityThe remote is very handy Worth buying itREAD MORE,4.0
nice tv mi tv 43 inchREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
I suggest to mi pls provide wall mount free of cost. Same day insataltion provideREAD MORE,5.0
nice TV nice picture quality super sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice product with nice delivery boy..READ MORE,5.0
"live programs not supported from mobile ex. jio tv, some audio/video format not supported. we did not connect home theatre. so little bit not satisfiedREAD MORE",3.0
this review is for flipkart service and delivery.. not for tvREAD MORE,1.0
Brilliant productREAD MORE,5.0
I am using this product from last two months and I am very satisfied with the display quality at this range of television and sound is also satisfactoryREAD MORE,5.0
excellent services for flipcort and mi tv is extremelyREAD MORE,5.0
Normal tv...READ MORE,1.0
Everyone told that LED TV but screen not exactly LED this LCD. Before purchase think twiceREAD MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome delivery by flipkart....and amazing product by mi..resolution i think not as specified.....so 4 star...READ MORE,4.0
Excellent product by Mi & Flipkart services are amazing...READ MORE,4.0
outstanding featuresREAD MORE,5.0
Best Tv for low price..Sound Clarity is awesome!READ MORE,5.0
Budget Badshah...READ MORE,5.0
Flip-kart Delivery is too bad form last 4 Month... I'm regular customer form last 2 Year and almost purcahse over 3 Lac form flip kart but they took 1 week to delivery any product in south delhi .. this is not acceptableREAD MORE,1.0
Don't expect this to be your Sony. It's USP is low cost and it gives you the optimum quality in the lowest price.READ MORE,5.0
great product... fast service by flipkart..delivery and installation same dayREAD MORE,5.0
gr8 product and serviceREAD MORE,5.0
In middle class people buy easy to buy this TV thank Q miREAD MORE,5.0
So far a good experience but mi should include play store and service on next updateREAD MORE,4.0
super........tvREAD MORE,5.0
replacement is speedREAD MORE,3.0
"I was changed  installation address the installation is late, sound quality is good but picture quality is average, overall good TV in the budget.READ MORE",3.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent TV in budget.....READ MORE,5.0
thanks is awesome...but pls update it......I want play store.... browser etc......READ MORE,5.0
It is not that much goodREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,2.0
Awesome service from flipkart & installation team .Tv is performing good & valued for the money spent ..READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
this TV is very goodpicture quality is also goodsound quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice but sometimes when we comeback to  YouTube r any other install applications automatically it plays backgroundREAD MORE,4.0
screen is very low qualityREAD MORE,2.0
mi best thanxREAD MORE,3.0
delivered on time but coming to installation and demo ... they only don't no anything .... not working too bad experience from FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product.... But miracast is a bit slow while playing games!READ MORE,5.0
worth for money.picture quality and sound quality is good.but OS should be upgraded as it doesn't support play store and other google services.READ MORE,4.0
Good product under this budget. Sound quality is superb. Concern only 1366*768. If released with 1080p under this budget it would be ultimateREAD MORE,4.0
Delivery was good and so is installation.Sound is okayish. Display is good with normal channels and hd content.However within a week usage there is small led that went rogue and stays on always. Looks like a star in dark black screen. With black content.READ MORE,3.0
Picture quality is good when hd channel also hd setup box And normal channel and SD setup box video quality is soo poorREAD MORE,5.0
picture quality is bad...do not buy this productREAD MORE,1.0
Product is nice.but Flipkart are careless about installationREAD MORE,4.0
Packed Well.. Installation on Next Day.... Easy Access.... Thanks to MI........READ MORE,4.0
Very good TV sound is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product from MI. I was satisfied with the TV.READ MORE,5.0
"Operating system is worst..  Mi have to Improve operating system.. Little bit hanging some times.. Wireless Display is too bad, You can see the picture clearly but you can't hear sound clearly... My 1 months experience.READ MORE",4.0
picture quality is very very poorREAD MORE,2.0
AweSome...But Flash Sale Sucks.. 😢READ MORE,5.0
Excellent serviesREAD MORE,5.0
nice product mi keep it upREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Mi TV superb but flip kart service 0⃣ 🌟 zero 0⃣READ MORE,5.0
Awesome Tv at this price range.pros:Display quality is Very good.Patchwall is superb.sound quality is niceviewing angle is wide.Overall It's Worth buy in this price range.cons:YouTube gets stuck for 1-2 secs in video in some interval of time.Hotstar and Amazon Prime is not available.Flipkart (ekart) delivery is worse. They delivered the product at different location. 2 km away from my place and asked me to come over there to collect the product only because they need to take u t...READ MORE,5.0
Good product from MI..READ MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"The best TV u can buy In this price segment.Also for everyone reviewing about the lack of apps , any Android app can be installed in this tv using a pendrive and APK file.i myself have installed YouTube for tv as well as other apps.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Product.Great Features in budget range.READ MORE,5.0
Delivered in time and installed as i requested. Nice product for the price.READ MORE,5.0
Excellent product suprer delivery....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvvalue for moneydelivery & installation is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb at this price. No issues after using a month.READ MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Best tv in best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Bad productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product.READ MORE,4.0
Very worst product . My tv is worked only for one year 4 month after that it is not working and not able to claim warranty.Please don't buy thus product.READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is awesome. Feel the lack of bluetooth at some point. Also very bad feeling now a days as Flipkart reduce the extended warranty price. As earlier we had paid more than 2000 and now its showing below 1500.????Our hard earned money is no value.???READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
installation cancelled 1st time after I contact mi customer service they are given instruction date after 4 days ago only installation completedREAD MORE,5.0
"Best TV with good picture, sound clarityREAD MORE",4.0
"pros:good picture qualitygreat soundsmart features work well including screen mirroringcons:no Bluetooth (only real con, others are ok considering the price)ordinary designpatchwall needs more app supportREAD MORE",4.0
Awesome sound quality and best picture clarity.... Best price on all competition brand...READ MORE,4.0
nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product.. love it..very good delivery..this product was lowest pricevery very happy..😍😍READ MORE,5.0
The Worst Installation Service Ever .... Installation service is too worst and I had never such a worst service ... Flipkart please change the services or else you will lose customers....READ MORE,3.0
Excellent product 😍 ... cheap and best productREAD MORE,5.0
ONCE AGAIN MI ROCKSREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money.. @14k it's really wonderful product in current market.. one drawback is I'm having Moto mobile there is no option for screen mirroring.. tried with multiple screen mirroring apps but mobile not pairing with the tv.. if we have mi mobile then it's an added advantage...READ MORE,4.0
very nice product for miREAD MORE,4.0
Very good led tv must buy.READ MORE,5.0
we are so...happy sound and picture clarity is very nice specially thanks to flipcart serviceREAD MORE,5.0
wow... awesome tv...express delivery and installation done on the same day...my kid enjoyed watching his favorite channels in HD...READ MORE,5.0
GooooooodREAD MORE,5.0
just received ... will update when installedREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome tv, value for money in just a 14k. m loving it..!!READ MORE",5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Demo installation was quite good by person KiranREAD MORE,5.0
"Very Good Sound,Easy to used,1 Day delivery in Ahmedabad,Many Apps,Fully Smart Product.READ MORE",5.0
Everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
wow...cool product in budget price. And really want to appreciate the Flipkart to deliver it so quickly with installation and demo. very happy.....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
The installation agencies was the worst part. Kindly consider to change Jeevas..READ MORE,1.0
Awesome product .READ MORE,5.0
best tv of the yearREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product... Good Price.. Picture quality are goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality Not good. Only Replacement policy. No other options. Bad experience of mi tvREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Miracast not workingREAD MORE,3.0
the best LED in this range.. Smart buyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Worth for money..You won't get a smart tv at this price range for sure.Picture quality is good.( don't expect the quality of top brands)Sound is good.Patch wall interface is just amazing..The only drawback i felt was that it doesn't have an app store.However hopefully xiaomi will resolve the issue in the coming updates.It has a an optical audio output.Anyway you can plug normal 2.1 speakers through headphone jack.READ MORE,5.0
installation of the tv did not happen on time and no proper responseREAD MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Pic Quality ... GreatShould quality... GoodOverall experience.. very goodGeeves install.... Poor... They make false statements and did not provide IR settop box boosterREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Poor service installation is not given by them in my homeREAD MORE,1.0
excellent but normal clarity vedios not useful to watchREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product...READ MORE,4.0
"It's really a amazing Tv. No Samsung, sony or other brands can give this quality and features in this budget.READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect :)READ MORE,5.0
NICE TV I ♥♥♥ MIREAD MORE,5.0
"The update on the website is quite misleading, But flipkart kept it's promise as always..on time delivery and the product is just awesome..READ MORE",5.0
awesome ..go for itREAD MORE,5.0
good tv and nice sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad service.. No installation provided. No wall mount stand provided.READ MORE,1.0
Excellent !!!READ MORE,5.0
Tv is fine.worth enough in this price.but the installation service was delayed.it would be better if MI technicians comes up for installation rather than 3rd party agencies.READ MORE,5.0
very good picture quality and sound is asome this price range good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product for mi. But flash sale is not correctREAD MORE,5.0
"after using 10days , awesome tv , supb sound,  super super  super 👌👌 👌👌👌👌READ MORE",5.0
Cheapest price in good quality productREAD MORE,4.0
Tv is Good value for money but th same pin code my friend are trying to order but it shows no delivery on this address so how you deliver my tv same pin code?Strange it should be transparentREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Bad tv bad product price low but is not good performanceREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Its been one year and no update for play store or support for prime videos or netflix highly disappointing..READ MORE,1.0
Very nice product by MIREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv value for money...but installation team performance not goodREAD MORE,5.0
Pros1.Excellent Smart TV at very cheap price.2. Replacement warranty if any problem occurres during warranty period. Can buy extended warranty.Cons 1. No default google play store available for installing application.2. No compatible google play store apk available for installation.3. Last mode of selection (TV/SmartTV/Video player) not preserved when you switch off and make on.4. Picture quality is avarage.READ MORE,3.0
excellent product attlast i got some trick to buy tq...READ MORE,5.0
nice product. value for money.READ MORE,3.0
Good...READ MORE,5.0
my favoriteREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Tv at a Reasonable Price. Mi did it again.READ MORE,3.0
Got update of YouTube and hotstarREAD MORE,4.0
Jeeves organisation is not supporting me in installation..they have promised me many times to come n install the TV but failed everything..Flipkart has to review their outsourced partners n have governance to understand how their partners are delivering customer experience# pl helpREAD MORE,1.0
"Good quality awesome sound systemAwesome flipkart service,,READ MORE",5.0
Flipkart delivery is fast and delivered in one day. Excellent product as compare with the features and price.READ MORE,4.0
Good product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
You can't ask for anything better. Tht only thing bad is the patchwall os.READ MORE,4.0
good fast delivery thanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
"Very Very good tv at this priceSound 10/10Display 8/10Function 8/10Overall 9/10Some major problem and solution:Many video format is not supported in the current versionI tries playing many movie via usb, but audio format not supported, and to solve this I have install MX Player apk via usb and then using software decode, I am able to view the same format easily. Guys you can you usb hub and connect your usb mouse/keyboard to control it easily.READ MORE",5.0
I'm very very happy and thanks to Flipkart very good led tvREAD MORE,5.0
Very nycREAD MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is not as expected.High volumeSmart TV in 14kCan be a best buy if the quality of the picture is good, It's a good product but not best.READ MORE",4.0
Product is good and value for money and installation done in time and fast Flipkart done delivery service was very goodREAD MORE,4.0
No installation man i just asked him to cme on another address he didntREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money....The best Android TV for this price... If you think to save the money u just go for it... Then Delivery By Flipkart is Amazing...The Full of Safety DeliveryREAD MORE,5.0
Worth buying at this cost its great the HD display awesome to watch waiting for ipl matchREAD MORE,5.0
very very very very good 😍😍😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
Full satisfaction.best TV for this range.flipcart and jeeves services is very good.. quality is TV is very good.READ MORE,5.0
Value for money. Perfect TV you can buy for this money.READ MORE,5.0
Best quality save moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome Product.. Everything is fine.. Just Grab It.. No Complaints,, nothing... Simply awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Bad product. worst of monney. vry vry bad product.READ MORE,1.0
best for the low costREAD MORE,5.0
TV is excellent at this price.  But co partner i. e service engineer is not good and person who visited to install the TV has no knowledge about installation process and not properly response and worst service at vizianagaram.READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is not good ..READ MORE,3.0
Good !READ MORE,5.0
Best Budget Smart T.V.  Good Video Quality Best audio QualityPatch-wall Os Works smoothlySupports Up to 1 TB HDD Plays almost Every Video formats Overall Bang For Every BuckREAD MORE,4.0
terrific purchase..READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart never handed over IR blaster and when asked for one they said its not part of the package. Very disappointingREAD MORE,1.0
"ordered 1 week back and came 27/3 and installed 28/3. Installation and demo good. no Youtube now, technician said, it will update in 2days. will see. Pros:1. Sound clarity goodCons:1. Display average2. quality normal (dont expect much in this range)3. not satisfied, but can adjustble this price range.READ MORE",3.0
everything is just ok.but youtube app is not working properly .READ MORE,4.0
"Superb,good picture qwality,good audio,superb smart,thank u flipkortREAD MORE",5.0
Good picture  quality... Low  price  best quality   productREAD MORE,5.0
Quality of the product is not good not Expect from Xiaomi that they deliver low quality product in India. In other countries the quality of Xiaomi 4A tv is good but here the quality of the product is very bad.READ MORE,3.0
The tv part of smart tv is excellent but the smart part of the smart tv is terrible it take 2-3mins to load patchwall and hangs alotREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
installation got postponed 3rd time. no updates on installation.have to go through customer care for complaint again and again.READ MORE,2.0
nice TV but play store and Bluetooth is not availableREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"picture quality average, sound good , connectivity good, no browserREAD MORE",3.0
Nice experience. But HD channels only looking good. Normal channels seeing not good.READ MORE,3.0
Great experience.. great video and sound quality. Totally preferableREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD TV FOR THIS PRICE.....SOUND QUALITY IS ALSO GOOD AND LOUDLY....BEST FOR WALL MOUNT.TABLE TOP STAND IS NOT SATISFY.....READ MORE,4.0
Best smart tv for first time owners.READ MORE,5.0
Good and NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Display is not led , LCD . So picture quality is average, sound quality nice. Default app not installed, applications initially installed to pen drive modeREAD MORE",2.0
"TV is very nice , but remote is not goodREAD MORE",5.0
Worth for money....READ MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
TV is lagging while I connect it with my ps4 or dish tv.Bad support from MI. Tv quality is bad. price is good but quality is bad.READ MORE,1.0
Wow TV sama eruku superREAD MORE,5.0
It is one of the best smart tv in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Thanku Mi!you made so much difference at home!READ MORE,5.0
Superb pictures and sound quality.. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice work. A great features in a small budget  TV. Thanking to MIREAD MORE,5.0
Product is ok. But very bad experience with flipkart. Booked tv on 16th. Flipkart assured delivery by 20th. But the product finally arrived on 24th. Very bad service by flipkart.READ MORE,1.0
not a LED is LCDREAD MORE,2.0
Worth For Money. Picture quality is super...Sound loudness is also super...Casting the mobile & TV are very easy...Remote is tiny & handling the remote is very easy...READ MORE,5.0
everything is on time TV is awesome able to play 4K videos also through VLC playerREAD MORE,4.0
just wowbatch wall is superbut delivery 1 week very delayREAD MORE,4.0
Tv superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV at affordable price point.READ MORE,5.0
TV is good. Service person gave Mi IR Cable. That is not working properly. Please take this Cable back and pay back the amountREAD MORE,5.0
Mi very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent service and value for money low budget smart led tv.but installation is very worstREAD MORE,5.0
Display quality is poor. No use in buying TV with such hazy display even if price is low.READ MORE,1.0
Super @ this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product Good tv ....really people want this type product with budget.READ MORE,4.0
"wow wonderful,i love mi productsREAD MORE",5.0
Picture quality is excellent. 4.6/5Sound is above average. 3.9/5Build quality is average. 4/5Delivery is on date. 4.8/5Little bit delay in turning on.Overall ratings 4.4/5Excellent in that price range.Can buy it blindly.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Flipkart fast delivery Mi Tv .... Installation and demo very slowly and bad service.i am Not happy..No response FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
supb tv.....👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Installation issue.READ MORE,1.0
nice product for this price excellent!!!READ MORE,5.0
TV is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Vary good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Owsm tv but IR blaster not working fine and miracast connect only Mi phone (pls hlp if the problem can be resolved) els 5/5 for itREAD MORE,4.0
Lowest price best fricer thank miREAD MORE,5.0
"Picture quality awesome miui awesome mirror casting slow build quality awesomeCons-no youtube, no hotstar, unable to install any app with usbREAD MORE",4.0
The Tv Is Just Awesome Can't Describe In words. Feeling awesome tvDisplay - 4/5Sound - 5/5Viewing Angle - 5/5Smart - 4/5READ MORE,5.0
Good product.......READ MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality looks like i am watching some animated series. Feels like i am playing GTA. Display doesnt look real at all.READ MORE,2.0
Service is very good  i am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
"When connected to the system, the clarity is not that much clear, letters seems embedded with one another.READ MORE",3.0
Nice tv but not so smart... Its very hard to install and play apps because there is no play store.READ MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Amazingly awesome...Picture quality is Realllyyy awesome.. sound quality is also Awesome...If you are looking a TV between 25k then this the right one..READ MORE,5.0
Good at 14999/-👌👌READ MORE,4.0
very happy...READ MORE,5.0
IR blaster which is free with LED TV not given.READ MORE,1.0
I m so happy flipkart very fast service but installation not competeREAD MORE,5.0
Best led in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good TVREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome tv on low cost of amount. And sound ? good, nice picturised super....READ MORE",4.0
Good led in this price range but speaker quality is impressiveREAD MORE,4.0
nice tv  just awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
Mi tv 4A product very nicePros1)Excellent pic quality2)awsome speakers3)patchwall rocksCons1)mira cast laggs2)you tube not with package-no update yetREAD MORE,5.0
Best but cntrast ratio is not batter than vu led'sREAD MORE,4.0
Nice but wall mounting not provided but other brand provide this accisariesREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks for MI. They resolved youtube issues . Awesome product under 14kREAD MORE,4.0
"The TV is neither too big nor small, it's perfect for my drawing room. Too big TV would also look Chinese but as its build quality and display are good, it doesn't fail to impress the guests or my eyes or ears.One less star for cracking sound only in miracast and no direct  application access for YouTube, voot, hotstar etc.READ MORE",4.0
Great full hd h yaar .niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality with loud speakers.... excellent product from MI with low budget segment....READ MORE,5.0
Nice product but YouTube Not Working even not available......so no such use....smart tvREAD MORE,3.0
its smart LED other company specialy cost wise with featuresREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money cast works  superbREAD MORE,5.0
"Good one, nice product..good soundREAD MORE",5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice superrrrrrrREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good Sound And Display Quality Of this Product.READ MORE,4.0
Baap of all led under this price segment.....READ MORE,5.0
Amazing TV.. Best sound quality . Really worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Tv Good .Display rating 3/5 .best price Rage MI TVREAD MORE,5.0
Sound-ExellentPicture Quality-NiceAesthetic-SuperbWeight-Like laptopConnectivity-AwesomeRemote-Better than anythingREAD MORE,5.0
Best smart budget TvREAD MORE,5.0
Very good look and thank youREAD MORE,5.0
Super  productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super TV.. I like itREAD MORE,5.0
This is very fantastic product....! Quality are also very very nice....! I love this MI T.VREAD MORE,5.0
Good delivered flipkart amazing mi tv but wall fitting charge ¡¡¡¡¡READ MORE,4.0
v good & fast .safe deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Product is too good to its price range.Sound quality is just awesome!I loved it.READ MORE,5.0
Superb quality👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Superb delivery....... And TV is too good.... Super performance...... Go for it... Just buy it..READ MORE,5.0
"TV is Working Fine. We need to install apps, as there is only limited apps in the tv. Screen mirroring is working Good. Sound and picture Quality is very good. Product got delivered as i scheduled and demo also done on the same day.READ MORE",5.0
"no word s , its a perfect tv for these price range and awesome patch wall os  ,no worrys at all .READ MORE",5.0
Wowww Amazing TVREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality... good soundAwesome TV..READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
my location is karnal city Haryana . company representative installed my mi 4a 43 inch with ir blaster cable.Dth operator in my city is siti DTH but sadly my DTH is not operated by single remote ...I use my DTH TV by second remote...very sadREAD MORE,2.0
Fast Delivery Thanks For Flipkart Worth For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied.  Very Slow to turn on (it takes Minimum one minute to turn on) after turning it on we need to change three options  to get back to TV . Not advisable for elders .Sound clarity and Display quality is AverageREAD MORE,1.0
Very good Product..Fast Delivery....READ MORE,5.0
Mi is trying to fool us.. Front panel on TV is LCD and back panel is LED.. Sound quality is very poor.doesn't support 1080p in YouTube. but as price it is ok.READ MORE,1.0
T.V. delivery and installation was smooth except for the fact that no wall mount unit was provided and no batteries for remote was provided. Had to go out during demo to get batteries.T.V. video clarity - Viewing angle of the T.V. is not good and colors fade as the viewing angle increases. To get good clarity one has to stand right in front of the T.V. Flickering and thus panel issue has started in just 10 days. I have taken the video and will post it here if flipkart allows.Sound - Since...READ MORE,1.0
Mi TV not good my TV is repairREAD MORE,1.0
one of the best products by mi the problem is that you dont get a browser like google and you can't download appsREAD MORE,5.0
This is what a mi company doing  giving  the lcd tv infront of giving mi led smart tv .READ MORE,1.0
Thanku flipkarat and mi. product  fuchurs are great value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Great TV experienceREAD MORE,5.0
i bought this tv in a few month back now showing many issue in pictures i uploaded images and video also. I need replacement over flipkart we trusted to flipkart.and the mi service center send some bull sheet guy he assist me the mi television always showing more issuei think that guy is not over authorized service center he from((vcare)) I'm totally disappointed with serviceREAD MORE,1.0
not as expected..it is not supporting Full HD videos also..1080 pixel videos are not supporting..I believe these people are cheating us simply.READ MORE,1.0
Wow i got 23000 rs free from flipcart. Flipcart give me lcd freeREAD MORE,5.0
"Received a defect product. What else I can say since it really disappointed me. First impression is the best impression but mine is very bad impression. I don't know on what basis  I should accept the product for return, what assurity I can get receiving the product for replacement. God only makes me lucky enough to operate the product without any malfunction. I have no other go other than accepting a product as replacement.READ MORE",1.0
picture quality is very very poor...even in HD connection also..READ MORE,2.0
excellent!!!READ MORE,5.0
screen quality is lowREAD MORE,2.0
"I got this tv for playing with PS4. I'm heavily disappointed with the image quality. 1. It seems the TV cannot handle bright areas. No matter how much I reduce brightness, its just not good. 2. There is noticeable input lag while playing games. 3. Environment in games like destiny 2 and far cry 5 seems to be rendered blunt with poor colors and of course it has problems with bright areas - for sure, image processing is bad compared to my lg 43"" tv. So gamers out there, beware of these issues. ...READ MORE",2.0
"EXCELLENT PRODUCT  *****But dissatisfied about extended insurance:The brand Mi is providing product insurance for 1 year + 1 more year for the TV panel. So in case we opt for the extended insurance for 1 or 2 years, it should not overlap the cover already provided by the brand for the panel, but should continue after the brand cover.I find that ""Jeeves""  is not doing it. They are overlapping the insurance cover provided by the brand for the panel & not providing insurance cover for the pa...READ MORE",4.0
Delay in COD if anyone want this TV please pay first than flipkart will deliver in timeREAD MORE,1.0
TV us good. But no update yet. No YouTube and PlaystoreREAD MORE,3.0
Best TV in best price and many more functions in low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality averageREAD MORE,3.0
Superb...Good sound and displyREAD MORE,5.0
Product is nice but we r not getting current day delivery dayREAD MORE,4.0
Worst product don't buy .pls mi brand lost my trust.worst TV don't buy.READ MORE,1.0
It is not a LED tvREAD MORE,4.0
Moto mobile oneplus mobile screen mirroring not supported 720 video audio not supportedREAD MORE,1.0
Very very bad TV Plz do not buy this T. V I am very disappointed this T. V it's picture quality very  bad like very old model t. V it is very very bad.  Pictures out of focus. Not play store no any app very very cheap quality. I am very disappointed . I returned it but no return policy that Mi company and I called him but he called me our policy is not return t.vREAD MORE,1.0
"Sound is bad, picture quality is okay. The worst thing is that you can't install apps. To do this you will need to download APK from somewhere then copy in your pen drive and then may be you will be able to install.Feeling cheated,  haven't expected this from Xiaomi.READ MORE",2.0
good led tvREAD MORE,5.0
install on Saturday...today Monday ..TV display is not working...... delivery and installation done on time....my concern on TV...will it worth..... really not ...it's completely marketing gimmick....READ MORE,1.0
Nice tv with awesome features in this budget... And good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
LCD TV in this generation! totally disappointed. for this I bought it in flashsale. it's not even semi smart tv. decieved. VU is any day better.READ MORE,1.0
"Product is above average , its a good product and value for money at this price range. When i am using miracast on the tv sometimes its disconnect automatically, i think this patchwell software have some bugs.READ MORE",4.0
amazing tv on this price picture quality best on this range sound quality so clearly it's awsmm ❤️READ MORE,5.0
TV is fantastic. Bt delivery is tooo late.. Gurugram to ghaziabad.  65km distance it easily comes max. 1 day. Bt flipkart takes 5 days...READ MORE,4.0
Very good product for homeREAD MORE,5.0
value for money. good quality for the price .READ MORE,4.0
Very good deal at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Picture quality is nt good even after connecting to HDMI cableREAD MORE,1.0
nice picture nice quality nice nice ledREAD MORE,5.0
not good canactvty  mera castREAD MORE,2.0
Good budget friendly full HD TV with smart features in a budget price.READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is poor . if u r buying for showcase then go fr it otherwise for TV go for good brand .. for 19000 (2000 icici cash back) it's value for moneyREAD MORE,2.0
fantabulousREAD MORE,4.0
apk are nicely runREAD MORE,5.0
everything working good value of money decent purchase thanks to flipcartREAD MORE,4.0
Nice mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
"The worst ever led panel on a tv!May be thats the readon why they are selling it for such cheap price! The display is dull, colours are washed out, viewing angle is not good!READ MORE",1.0
Nice tv according to this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"This is the best TV in this price range. Picture quality is awesome, good connectivity, you can connect your phone with this and directly play YouTube with on at your mobile data consumption which is very less. Don't think just go for it if you really want to get a product which is really value of your money.READ MORE",5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
"Every single Rupee spent on MI 4A 32 inch TV is worth it. We can connect wireless mouse, install Jio TV, Jio cinema, Google music player, MX player,VLC player, aptitude TV, FX file explorer, ES file explorer and many other apps. YouTube and hotstar are already installed in it.READ MORE",5.0
Super Fast DeliverySuper Fast InstallationSuper QualityOverall an awesome product..READ MORE,5.0
Tv is good but I would like to give a single star to the installation team assigned to me by flipkart. When i purchase a product it was delivered in a single day and i got call for installation which need to be done on next day of delivery but installation was not done on that day. So i made a called to flipkart team they have created ticket for installation. Then got call from installation team and they told me your installation will done in next 4 days.After waiting for next 4 day for insta...READ MORE,1.0
"Very bad experience.. Worst and worst experience till had with flipkart customer care,  ordered this product on 17th july, installation and demo date was 26th july but LED delivered on 27 th july, demo given on 02nd august on table top  as wall mount not in mi spare after so many complaining to flipkart customer care. But in status showing demo and installation is completed but as per discussion with flipkart customer care,  they assure me 2nd time service engg will visit for wall mount insta...READ MORE",1.0
"TV delivered on 22 July and installation scheduled on 24th July. till date TV not installed, and customer care promised to complete the installation by 2nd August!! Local installation guy whose number was shared by Flipkart, is saying he do not have the spares for installation and have no idea when he will get the same!! So no idea till now how the TV runs!!!READ MORE",1.0
"Installation of the product is very bad.  All lies,  Jeevs consumer service is very bad. I don't know how flipkart selected these vendor.  Coming to the TV. It is very bad overall. Picture quality is bad.  Sound is very low and does not work with Wi-Fi most of the times thought I use 60 Mbps and picture quality is below average.  over all its bad smart tvREAD MORE",2.0
great product paisa vasool item       Wi-Fi connectivity very fast    picture quality great sound bestREAD MORE,5.0
Completed 1 week after installation. Installation person was good. TV is working fine till now. Initially observed some picture quality issue but i concluded it due to SD channels as HD videos were not having picture quality issue. Smart TV so software updated automatically on 2nd day on wifi connection after that hotstar and you tube were installed automatically.Till now it is running without any issue and i am happy with this purchase. It's a Value for each penny if run for 5 years.Will u...READ MORE,2.0
Overall good but the options in TV is very limited. Demo was very bad and they ask feedback from us to customer care in their presence and we feel inconvenient.  somehow we will give excellent rating thinking that may ignore us next visit for any service if required.READ MORE,5.0
worst experience I every had while purchasing on Flipkart . I won't every purchase anything from Flipkart the reason behind this is I recieved. my TV on 31 June it's been 12 days but still my TV is nt installed and I m trying calling to Flipkart again again again but call discont all time . so pathetic . I just want to replace my TV right now . if any Flipkart person read this review call me ... m waiting .READ MORE,1.0
Its a great display.. The TV is very light and smooth. Backlight is very bright. Great job Xioami.READ MORE,5.0
nice and worth for each every penny spentREAD MORE,5.0
It's not osm it's super osm 📺product.....👍👌👌💜💚📺READ MORE,5.0
You tube not working.. Hotstar not working... Then y r showing hotstar as a official app.. Very worst smart TV..... This not a smart TV  got cheated  .....READ MORE,1.0
"well quality product, well delivery within 2 days. the engineer came at the delivery day ..nice service as well.. no extra charge for wall mounting other the 399.you can buy the extra warranty from the engineer also ..READ MORE",5.0
"Mi led smart tv 4a 43 "" Is it led or lcd tv, please clarified.My doubt is on the tv the sticker is print on lcd why.?READ MORE",4.0
Picture quality is poor n box is damage like led is used bocz in box two user guide different I'd lablesREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,1.0
"Pros:Picture Quality is Awesome 1080p.Sound Quality is great ..Its a surround and not DTS as mentioned.Predefined apps are only Hotstar and youtube.Other apps we can side load.Has 3.5mm jack 3 HDMI and 2 Usb  Cons:Never ever update your TV once you got it .New update has some issue ,if you do your TV will start blink automatically.Display type is not LED.READ MORE",4.0
wonder peaceREAD MORE,5.0
this LED HANGS ALOT i don't know why you guys are giving 5ratingREAD MORE,1.0
the installation and demo person's asked RS 500 for installation. I told them I will not give it. But without visit they might have given completion report and it is updated in Flipkart as demo completedREAD MORE,1.0
"But installer gave Mi ir booster it was not working ,we called him many  time he was telling we are coming ...but  still he doesn't came,Mi TV is super but ir booster was not working..READ MORE",5.0
It is not upto the mark as expected. Flash sales is also Marketing Strategy. For this price several smart LEDs are available in the market.READ MORE,1.0
The led tv performance is wonderful........superb experience....thanku flipkart..#But delivery service not good from GATI limited hisar courier service ....they refuse to give me  the led tv in my proper residential address#......READ MORE,5.0
Panthetic Service From Flipcart ....Doesn't Provide Jiofi Offer...No jiofi offer provided yet ...3rd class service ...READ MORE,1.0
Awesome TV with awesome features.READ MORE,4.0
Is it LED or LCD smart TV.  when we checking specifications it showing LCD on TV but as per adv. it has showing LED. TV performance awesome.READ MORE,5.0
I can' say about TV beacuse these Flipkart people are not able to get it installed.Very slow process of installation and if you call there customer care they will only say that you. have to wait for some time and that time is undefined.I must say MI has chooses wrong selling partner.READ MORE,1.0
"Supports Only 720 pxl, Not 1024 pxl for you tube videosSound normal Day by day TV quality is very low ...READ MORE",1.0
Good   service  fast  deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Best tv as expected but only problem is youtube doesn't work properly. We cant sign in into youtube..READ MORE,4.0
absolutely worth 13999/-READ MORE,5.0
nice TV good surfing.READ MORE,4.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
best picture quality.READ MORE,5.0
display quality is poorsun next hotstar YouTube not availableREAD MORE,3.0
"good product value for money, YouTube videos playing good qualityREAD MORE",4.0
In specifications it was written as led but on the tv it is written  as lcdREAD MORE,1.0
Its a very interactive product but ram should be at least 2gb(present=1gb)Bad delivery service as I had to do and call a lot for the delivery.Overall service and product is good.READ MORE,4.0
Its awesome tv 1080p its looking wonderful clarity...worth for 23k...READ MORE,5.0
great product by MI...picture equality good sound good.. interface good...don't hesitate...buy thisREAD MORE,4.0
very good reviewREAD MORE,5.0
good product quality is same Sony qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Fine tv, real Smat, fast connectivity.Value for money.READ MORE",5.0
It's been 20 days since I am using it. The TV is definitely good at this price range. But calling it completely Smart would be a bluff. You have to be dependent on the Content provided. You can't install any Application. For installing YouTube also I had to waste an hour and didn't find any option to install any other App. Not sure if MI will give any option to install Apps. Keeping Fingers crossed...READ MORE,4.0
"only bug i noticed is, there is lag while casting.....READ MORE",5.0
Bought the TV few days back... TV is good for sure. But i am not at all happy with Flipkart and Jeeves. They have not yet visited for installation. Hence in the interest of time i have installed it myself. Go for the TV but don't expect much from Flipkart regarding services...READ MORE,5.0
Very bad picture qualityREAD MORE,2.0
In this tv wifi not connecting from Android mobil and second thing USB also not connecting to mobil and the TV Instower for just name sakes .READ MORE,1.0
after 3 months use TV is dead. nothing to power on. is it bad qualityREAD MORE,1.0
Superb delevery timing and great productREAD MORE,5.0
Product delivered on 18 march and installed date given 29th marchREAD MORE,1.0
"The TV is average and nothing extra ordinary about it. Short supply is mantra for Mi marketing. Worst part IR cable was charged Rs 200. The table mount is so fragile that it will break if not tighten with care,  it will surely break if you try to remove the stand. Wall Mount will cost 500 more. Apps to has lagging performance.READ MORE",3.0
Good Smart Tv which comes under this price range Kollam. kannum adach Vedicho makkaleeeREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery is  not happened with in the timeMi ir cable is free but they are not givingTV is goodREAD MORE,1.0
Quality of Mi led  TV is very low. Don't investREAD MORE,1.0
Very nice product. no problem in tv.READ MORE,5.0
Very good TV worth for the price.READ MORE,5.0
Fully satisfiedDon't beleive the negative review It worth every rupee u spend on the tvMy suggestion go for itREAD MORE,4.0
Really great experience with MiSounds and picture quality awesome as per my feedback ***** but during installation 399 will be charged it's not acceptable.READ MORE,5.0
Good tv.... Best picture n sound qualityREAD MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Speaker is not good in quality, Pictures quality is average. installation services is worst.Engineer didn't physical check all ports.Don't have knowledge about FTP server,how to add SMB device by entering up address.Not able to resolve why IR blaster cable is not working.(No option for zero star)0READ MORE",1.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NycREAD MORE,5.0
TV is quite good in quality and its smartness. All features are good but some lagging in miracast.Thumbs up for MI again.READ MORE,5.0
Good sarvis by filipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Best LED TV Thank you mi and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome tv at unbeatable price Totally worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Poor sound quality and built in qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"The TV is although good.... I am not happy with the delivery as it came after 7 days of ordering..there are minor bugs in the TV which I think that they can be corrected by the Update and there is one problem that it does not support 5.1 surround sound but in this price range I would neglect that point.....At last I will only say that guys just grab it don't wait...,:-)😙😙READ MORE",4.0
Awesome tv picture quality is superb sound quality also good. Overall tv is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
App installation via pen drive and most of the app dont work as they are for phone and not for android TV. Difficult to find app to install on this TV.READ MORE,3.0
"Product is good within that price range with excellent sound quality and ""SMART"" . But display quality is not upto the mark with poor colour contrast . However its the best you can get for that price.READ MORE",4.0
"The picture quality is good, as expected in this price range. However the software is really bad. It is a bad form of Android TV, which lacks all the major streaming apps. No Netflix, no primevideo, pathetic YouTube app, no web browser.No app store, no play services. Even side-loading Android apps is very limited. Most of the side-loaded apps won't work because play services is not supported.This is practically not a smart TV as you can't get advantage of your Internet on this TV fully. Hop...READ MORE",3.0
dear friends don't buy this tv most third Class tv.. this tv does not have you tubeREAD MORE,1.0
"Review for Buyer and Seller both,DONOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. Great WASTAGE.Such a bad product, Not worth for a single rupee. It starts troubling on day1. Display is fluctuating, now you cant see anything on TV. You may have came across with its multi functionality smart TV, but all will work once you have good working TV with you. Opening photos from pen drive is taking too long time, such a bad processor. It is real Chinese product(Chale to chand tak, nahi to sham tak...) Now, as i adopted ret...READ MORE",1.0
No match for Sony or SamsungREAD MORE,2.0
how to install apps in tvREAD MORE,4.0
Got faulty product at first and got replacement today. So yet to check new one. I had also bought a 32 inch one one month back and suddenly stopped working and since ten days is over flipkart told me to contact Mi. But Mi is not responding properly. Giving one star for both flipkart and Mi because there is no option available to give zero rating.READ MORE,1.0
more than 5 star for MI tv but -1 star for flipcartREAD MORE,1.0
this is not LED TV .This is LCD TVREAD MORE,1.0
very very bad Flipkart no buying TV or any other product because u buying TV no warranty or replace guarantee fool app foolREAD MORE,1.0
good picture quality....poor sound quality while connecting with dth...READ MORE,3.0
"No play store, No Prime, No Apps, Content locked, Buying  a non smart TV and getting an android box is betterREAD MORE",1.0
Average ProductREAD MORE,1.0
excellent tv for that pricebut installation service not goodREAD MORE,5.0
TV look s good but it is LCD. Flipkart say it LED. Plz don't fool ppl. It delivered within in 24hr n installation team is communicating very well. Remote is unique but it's quality is not so good. You feel like holding a plastic bar. But it's so light weight. Yet to check performance.READ MORE,4.0
"Display is wrost, picture quality is like animation.. and shaded colour, screen mirroring is only for selective mobile, not for all mobile, china item is always china itemREAD MORE",1.0
T.v is so good but only one mistake in my t.v that was on screen written  l.c.d t.v but my t.v is l.e.d tv only that mistake over all bestREAD MORE,5.0
Best smart tv in this price. Mi Rockz.READ MORE,5.0
Superb TV in this price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
Super tv but can't Browser appsREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
"Very bad display  quality. xiaomi tv is not led is only LCD Display they clearly mention in the top of the display  they are fraud,  cheating people so pls don't buyREAD MORE",1.0
not led. not fully smart. only you tube possible. don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
It's LCD TV not Led faké marketing they doing...READ MORE,1.0
"Service with Flipkart is worst...they won't respond at allPicture quality is not good and its Not full HD display.Max 720p resolution and its not 1080p resolution.Having problems while playing from miracast, voice is continuously cracking . Called Mi customer care, they were aware of all this problem they are simply escaping by saying we are working on upgradation of OS.elling LCD instead of LED. This is bad. Customers should not be fooled like this. Bad service from flipkart. Flipkart ca...READ MORE",1.0
Dull screen... Colours not uniform on screen . blur for even HD channels think of SD how they will look.. .. Not meeting expectations.. Don't waste moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome TV ... Love it ... Better than expectedREAD MORE,5.0
fraud only 38inch /97 cm come i booked 43inch/108 cm tvREAD MORE,1.0
worst tv it doesn't have play store app in it and no app get installed if we want to installREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Ooo osam😍😍😍✌️READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product...after 3years using I'm writing this reviewREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not even YouTube is not supporting in this tv. I won't like this.READ MORE,2.0
Very good.READ MORE,1.0
Worst site ever. I bought extended warranty for my TV. NO one called us and issue is resolved as per conversation. I don't know what they are doingREAD MORE,1.0
Super goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product. I use from 3 years very roughly. No issueREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
The panel goes continuesREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome tv..... And features are very easy to use.....READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Super tv miREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product...READ MORE,4.0
Supab qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money. Good quality. Working good . Bought in  2019READ MORE,5.0
Prime video is Not supported.READ MORE,3.0
That's the worst product I have ever used in my life. It is having issues time to time almost 3 months. I tried to contact many times to customer care but no one is ready to listen. Pathetic service of FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
Good work 👍READ MORE,5.0
Waste product...After 2 years panel malfunctioned...And worst of all is their service.I am trying from past 1 month but didn't get support from technical team. They closed my complain two times without informing me anything. Please avoid product from MI. You will face problem every time. It will give you headache for lifetime.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Good product value money.READ MORE,5.0
After 2 years connectivity problemREAD MORE,2.0
Please don't but this TV..as this TV runs on patchwall and I have purchased this on Dec 18 till date I haven't receive any update...so don't buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
Not smart screen mirroring function is absent. Not builtin miracastREAD MORE,2.0
After 2 years connectivity problemREAD MORE,2.0
Please don't but this TV..as this TV runs on patchwall and I have purchased this on Dec 18 till date I haven't receive any update...so don't buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
Not smart screen mirroring function is absent. Not builtin miracastREAD MORE,2.0
mi super. installation okREAD MORE,4.0
Display got damaged within 3 yearsREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice TV ... Still in good condition.... I recommend....READ MORE,5.0
Sound system is super and picture quality also good... Totally exlent product....READ MORE,4.0
OkeyREAD MORE,5.0
After Using it since 3 years i can say it is excellent product.READ MORE,5.0
"Value for Money 💸 For Tv , But Do Not take extended Warranty , its useless jeeves Co. Service is worst 😞READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I have been using MI from three long years.. it is quite good. Picture is crisp. Sound is awesome. Goo for it without any second thoughtsREAD MORE,5.0
Very very bad qualityREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good 👍READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Very nice, worth for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
Very good tv at good priceREAD MORE,4.0
After two years of use I have Been written this review...sound quality really poor n bad ...not worth of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"I m writing this after 4 years, I m using this TV for 4 years and worth to investREAD MORE",5.0
Very good tv at good priceREAD MORE,4.0
After two years of use I have Been written this review...sound quality really poor n bad ...not worth of moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"I m writing this after 4 years, I m using this TV for 4 years and worth to investREAD MORE",5.0
"Good LED Value for money ,,..READ MORE",4.0
"Waste of money, don't buy.READ MORE",1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
gets struck sometimesREAD MORE,1.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"excellent product, thank uREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome product.and nice picture quality..musical stereo sound very nice...READ MORE,5.0
Nice n superb product in such amountREAD MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,4.0
Horizontal lines came up on the tv after 2 years...No reason beyond my control...Then I searched over internet ..They say it comes like that..And u have to change over the display panel which is approximately same value as rhe tv.READ MORE,1.0
Proceser is destroyed IN lightning while TV is switch off so cheap and bad processer by MI......my every neighbors tv is OK some are that old basic tv still ok..... So bad MI... Never gonna buy your any gadgets and not recommend anyoneREAD MORE,1.0
We are happy to buy thisREAD MORE,5.0
So much laggy ..READ MORE,2.0
Good experience with flipkart as we buy first time costly product online.............READ MORE,5.0
Plz don't buy mi tv their connectivity problem with usb port and screen cast waste product.READ MORE,1.0
Mi tv worst because after 3 years display got black mark and now display totally gone so plz don't buy mi tv because this company not to use long time. I have Sony tv 30 years old still working without no issues..READ MORE,2.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
This TV is truly Chinese. During two year period I got two times screen issue. Sir time got replaced and the TV is non repairable and even the extended warranty guys are saying that it's repair exceed the insurance cost. This TV has life of one year till u have the warranty.READ MORE,1.0
No Netflix support till date..READ MORE,1.0
In two years display not work they said need to replace new display cost is 6000. Poor...READ MORE,3.0
Good smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent work. Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"worst Product, i took jeevs warranty also, jeevs people never respond after long followup, within 2 years it became faulty two times. Still Jeevs people are not Responding,,,READ MORE",1.0
BetterREAD MORE,5.0
Only......Thank you very very much FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
i buy this product 4 year nowREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Not bad..value for moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Good product & good service..READ MORE,5.0
"Its good ,but not good for long term. I bought this almost three years back. From last 6 months  display is not working.  This is what I learned, go for good brand for durability. Many of old TVs from early 2000 are still running good.READ MORE",1.0
This product is super ❤❤READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product value for money 💰💰READ MORE,5.0
It’s really a good product and I am using its from long timeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Updates are not comingREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Issue with updates .picture and sound qality is ok.but not supporting all appsREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and save moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Got in best price.... Totally value for money products.!!READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
No words.. Just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
This is amazing 👍👍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality T VREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product.value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
My TV did not get updated till now and I'm not bale.to view any of the ott appsREAD MORE,2.0
Very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV .but color depth and clarity could have been betterREAD MORE,5.0
Not worth for moneyREAD MORE,1.0
thankuREAD MORE,5.0
"Sound and picture quality is good , but don't buy as SMART TV, internet connectivity is very poor even the Jeeves Extended Warranty is worst, for last 4 months I am struggling to fix the internet connectivity issue, still chasing up with the support team to fix it, don't know when it will be fixedREAD MORE",1.0
"Worst shoes, bottom part will breakREAD MORE",2.0
good still workingREAD MORE,4.0
Not working withing 2 yearsREAD MORE,1.0
Have been using it for a while... So far so good.READ MORE,5.0
Good smart tv bought on 6th June 2018 until now no issues still working perfectly.READ MORE,5.0
Very very very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not a smart TV at all...tried downloading multiple apps but none function properly.READ MORE,2.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
"I purchased in 2019 all most 2yr now, value for money, good quality, I like sounds, ...etc. totally awesome one to buyREAD MORE",5.0
I bought this product in December 2018 and i m glad to say u that this is a value for money product. I m writing this review in march 2021 so u can understand the quality of product.READ MORE,4.0
"After 2 years, it picture gone. Please avoid cheap quality TV set.READ MORE",1.0
Very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Simply super in this value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Toady after 2.5 yrs tv panel is dead and after worranty repair cost almost same as price so I lost 20k in 2.5 yrs. Its not recomonded. Actual product life till worranty keep in mind before purchase.READ MORE,1.0
This led is very goodI like this product...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Product quality lowREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
"Overall TV is good. However, it does not support Netflix.READ MORE",5.0
"Will. Last only for 2 yrs, thanks to the extended wrty I got something (70%), never buy prdct.READ MORE",1.0
"Very disappointed. Used this TV for two years and because of small regular Indian power fluctuate issue TV stopped working. service guys not able to rectify and told both mother board and screen (panel) need to replace which left me with only option to buy a new TV as the cost is same as new TV. Utterly disappointed with Mi as spent 20k and TV worked for only 2 years and can't claim any warranty as well which is mear waste of money . Seems quality for Indian standard are not met, now going ...READ MORE",1.0
Best item in prizelist but bluetooth is not in tv and last update was make so hangsREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Best item in prizelist but bluetooth is not in tv and last update was make so hangsREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picture quality and also sound is good value for money go for itREAD MORE,4.0
TV is ok at this price...but quality is bad and never purchase extended warranty from Jeeves/Flipkart...its of no use... i am not getting event technician by last 4 months even after multiple complaints..READ MORE,2.0
"Best product at low cost , amazing sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent led tv... Value for money this price... Good job by flipkart good serviceREAD MORE,4.0
Very very bad products dont purchase averyone otherwise in future you feel very very badREAD MORE,1.0
Very good but after 3 year tv speakers are not workingREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Worst product , don't buy this product. In 2 year two replaced display, now they told part is not available , also now they said take refund. Refund is very less amount.I request you all don't buy it , it's faulty china products.READ MORE",1.0
Very nice product Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality productsREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't go for this TV, as it's has life for 2 yrs only . LED light suddenly got problem and than completely TV got shutdown... for repairing the same it will take approx 10k for which u can buy a new TV.READ MORE",1.0
"Value for money, whenever we got updated version?READ MORE",5.0
Dont expect this product long last. display gone within 2 and half years. and replacement cast asked 17 K which i dont want to invest more this hence thrown out in garbage.READ MORE,2.0
"Good product,,i got it for 12500/-,,2 years used ,,no issues .Ok for its priceREAD MORE",3.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"While buying,  it was specifically mentioned that this TV would soon get Android OS update.but more than 2 years down the line, Still there is no android OS available. This is practically cheating.READ MORE",1.0
Unable to install Netflix app.READ MORE,5.0
Using it for the last 3 years No issues at all.Good Sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Panel gone after 1.5 year, it was in warranty so changed but then after few days speaker gone and have to pay 2000 for it. My previous intex tv last 5 year without any problem.READ MORE",1.0
its goodREAD MORE,4.0
VERYREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
After 2nd half year usage no issue so far...it's a good product which I bought...thank u  Flipkart to connect..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I got a problem on Board issue found on 15th month. Waste product. Don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
After 2nd half year usage no issue so far...it's a good product which I bought...thank u  Flipkart to connect..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I got a problem on Board issue found on 15th month. Waste product. Don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
Working since 1 year.. No problem.. MI product are cheap & best.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
cheap and the bestREAD MORE,5.0
"Wireless connection getting slow, and TV display got white patches without any physical damage after a year .READ MORE",3.0
Very good product considering the price. Overall performance is good.READ MORE,5.0
"For this price picture quality is okay, for this size better go with other brand if they have Android... Otherwise it is best... Look for latest model if so.. Almost 3 years no issues...READ MORE",4.0
Screen cast doesn't workREAD MORE,1.0
Good display best in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nic productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
1 year and few days completed. Working fine.. No issue... Good tv...READ MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is not good. It got repaired 2 times with in a year. It should be replaced but they denied. I am not Happy, I have just wasted my money.READ MORE",1.0
Everything is perfectREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV ever. Have been using it for 2 years. Got it at 18899/- rs. Worth every penny.READ MORE,5.0
VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product 👌READ MORE,5.0
After 1.5 year use good productREAD MORE,5.0
Picture clarity is very good. Picture depth is also good.READ MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Please don't go for extended Warranty provided by flipkart. Raised claim request 2 month ago till now I haven't got the refunded amount.READ MORE,1.0
Iam giving this review after 1.5 years tv quality is excellentREAD MORE,5.0
"After almost two years of use, I can say this TV is very good value for money. Picture clarity is good and bright even after two years of use. The colors are little too bright which reduces the clarity and introduces a little spread for high color images. Sound is not bad.Loudness is good enough for a average room size. Prefer an external sound bar for better sound output. WiFi connectivity is pretty good and consistent fora 5MBPS internet connection.Smart Hub has limited selection but ...READ MORE",5.0
"Great TV, but stopped working within 2 years.. I would have rated better otherwise..READ MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
This is good 👍READ MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,5.0
After using two years stopped working .. And mi customer care representative said display unit problem for my TV .. And it will be cost around 16K (14999 + GST and 499 + gst for technician). Guys please avoid red mi brand .. As there is no durability.. Think once before buy My suggestion is go for good brands dont get trap on this type of cheap quality of  products..READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Product was very cheap quality the display was gone after 2 years 3 month of usage now I have scrape in my TV StandREAD MORE,1.0
i'm using this TV past 1.5 years.good clarity.happy to purchased it.READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Its very slow ...i suggest you should raise your budget and buy a better oneREAD MORE,1.0
Osm productREAD MORE,5.0
"After 2 years of use(warranty period over), I am very much disappointed with this product as the picture quality became completely broke. Can see multicolored tiny bubles all over the screen, can't see the picture.Technician says mother board got damaged. This is a waste product and deserves 0 rating.READ MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
After three year used display internally damageREAD MORE,3.0
Purchased TV for low rate..Approx 11.5k but within 15 months mother board is gone.Replacement of amount is 4000/-Do not purchase this kindbof cheap products..Better to purchase branded Items.READ MORE,1.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
thank you for delivery boys no set LED skipping time overREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Reviewed after 2 years and 9 months, very good performanceREAD MORE",5.0
Picture Quality very much poor and take much time to connect.Wrost experienceREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best product.after 2.5 year completed.but not complain. I like & very happy.good & nice product.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best product.after 2.5 year completed.but not complain. I like & very happy.good & nice product.READ MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
"Not value for money,READ MORE",1.0
worth itREAD MORE,4.0
After 2 years TV panel not working..Worst performance....Go for LG or Sony tvREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome TVREAD MORE,5.0
screen internal problemREAD MORE,1.0
Screen damaged automatically after one year of usage. Cromacast is also unstable. Please don't buy. Add more money and get better one with big brand.READ MORE,1.0
Connectivity problem of tv mother board to home theater. Actually problem in mother board. But Flipkart not solved problem. And so many days taken.READ MORE,1.0
There was problem in display only in 1 and Half year . Very poor parformance by miREAD MORE,1.0
IT IS A GOOD TV FOR A BOYS WHO LIKE GAMES AND YOUTUBEREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
"After Update unable to use Chromecast features.Google update in it made it worse.Brought it for Miracast features, now unable to use 100%DisappointedREAD MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product but live tv not opened in wireless displayREAD MORE,4.0
Osm tvSome problems after 3 years.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Miracast setting felt better then chromocastREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy within 1years speaker will not working and motherboard also not working waste of moneyREAD MORE,2.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"I think it's better to add one pop up message option says,  would you like choose home or tv, I am facing one issue, I.e. while choosing tv, I have to go to the inputs option and need to choose television and the remote also not working as expected, remote was very big draw back.READ MORE",3.0
Nice Product in good price....READ MORE,4.0
Thanks for FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Improvement need in pitcher qty and with free wall mount needREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product.. value for money100 percentage....READ MORE,5.0
Exlllect very good service and very good product I'm so Happy with product thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
The product was really bad in all manner. A bad choice for everyone.READ MORE,2.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"good product. I bought this tv 2years before, its working smooth still now. but, I wouldn't received pie update still now. so i have not satisfied.READ MORE",3.0
"NO ANDROID, NO GOOGLE , NO APPLICATION SUPPORT TOTALLY WASTE OF MONEYREAD MORE",1.0
nycREAD MORE,5.0
NOT LED AS INDICATED IN AD BUT ON TV  STICKER SHOWS LCD WHICH IS SHOCKING.BUT WORKING GOOD .READ MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
I have purchased this TV on October 2018. But now onwards(16-11-2020) update not comes in my TVREAD MORE,1.0
Display problem within 3 years.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Screen mirroring not working after update. Support from MI is not good on this....since 6 months no solutionREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
this TV is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product is goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best product this priceREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good products in my opinionREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Guys trust me MI products are very bad. I have personal experience.This TV stopped working, display gone in one month only. Even though it was under warranty MI did not do free service. I had to pay 15000 again.After 6 months now this TV stopped working and it is still under warranty. MI people are saying talk to Flipkart and Flipkart are saying talk to MI. There is no customer services at all from MI. They do not take any responsibility.Never ever buy any MI products.READ MORE",1.0
Good & Great LEDREAD MORE,4.0
Money 💰 solid productsREAD MORE,4.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
this is very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Money 💰 solid productsREAD MORE,4.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
this is very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
The sound quality is 3/5 (no bass available in the sound) rest everything is great.READ MORE,4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
MotherBoards problem ..don't buy thisREAD MORE,1.0
"Good, sounds quality not good.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
Don’t buy. Go for any other stable option. I bought extra warranty but nobody respond.My LED is not working now even If I go for repair it cost same I can buy new one. Believe me go for other stable and trustable companies.  Don’t waste money and time. Very bad experienceNo serviceREAD MORE,1.0
It is nice and good quality pictures are also good .READ MORE,5.0
Nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good job.READ MORE,4.0
Just okREAD MORE,4.0
"technical problems appear frequentlyin my tv, the panel was changed due to some issuebut the same issue appear again after 3 monthsDon't waste your money on thisgo for LG Sony or Samsung instead ofREAD MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tv Google Chrome support kye bord support very nice full enjoymentREAD MORE,5.0
I purchased this in Oct'18 and for panel got warranty for 2 years. My panel got damaged in sept'20 within warranty and replaced it without any service charge.Now the worst case is tV warranty got expired in Oct'20 and panel got damaged again. The authenticity and reliability of Mi brand is really worst here. We can't expect a good time running with their products out of warranty.READ MORE,1.0
Quality itemREAD MORE,5.0
Extremely gddREAD MORE,5.0
Working fine and its just lack android which at that time was not available. Im satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
Third class product.READ MORE,1.0
Just this is the best TV in the worldREAD MORE,5.0
Excellant smart tv in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I have been using this product since sep 2018. As of now we didn't find any issue with this product.READ MORE,4.0
After 6 month horizontal line are showing on tvREAD MORE,1.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Good TV.      Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product within given priceREAD MORE,4.0
Too goodREAD MORE,5.0
This product good ColletteREAD MORE,5.0
perfect TVREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,4.0
No blue tooth no updates. display is good. difficult for old people to operate for obvious reasons.its shocking to know NO bluetooth & no software updates for android TV OS.READ MORE,3.0
dont buy MI Tv after using two years facing display issue now..No picture on display .READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product. Customer friendly installation.READ MORE,4.0
Not even worked for 2 year picture tube got failedREAD MORE,1.0
good led ag this price range.READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Remote not working properlyREAD MORE,2.0
It's okREAD MORE,2.0
Great buyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Best itemREAD MORE,5.0
Got dark patches on the display after 2 years of useREAD MORE,5.0
"Even after two years of continuous use, it works like new.READ MORE",5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Worst tv I have ever seen its not android tv it doesn't support any of the apps get struck when you install any app and no updates waste of money don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
Plz don't go for this TV...Within 1yr it is having lots of technical problems.READ MORE,1.0
"Good quality, good vision ,great worthy for moneyREAD MORE",4.0
Chromecast not working I suggest all people don't buy by this MI TV pleaseREAD MORE,2.0
Good performance...READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It is a very horrible product. Screen has been black out after only 2yrs. No warranty after 2yrs. Now I have to purchase another in just 2 years. Please don't purchase mi TV.READ MORE,1.0
Ok good productREAD MORE,4.0
"The pitcher is not clean and the black color also looks white and should be made good, it should be as clean as in the old box TV and according to me, it has a better pitcher in the VU TV.READ MORE",2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Using for two years.... Awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"PERFECT TV, VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE",5.0
Pictures good but performance badREAD MORE,1.0
Simply awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"PERFECT TV, VALUE FOR MONEYREAD MORE",5.0
Pictures good but performance badREAD MORE,1.0
Wifi gets disconnected frequentlyBacklight is badSound is also not clearREAD MORE,2.0
Very bad companyREAD MORE,1.0
Quality is suprebREAD MORE,5.0
Good lookingREAD MORE,4.0
Good for this price but not bluetooth support and optical supportPlz give update in bluetooth supportREAD MORE,4.0
Best quality picture..after  software update superb works  ...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
No buy tv on this Flipkart And absolutely no buy any product insurance on FlipkartREAD MORE,3.0
Good product. Trusted brandREAD MORE,4.0
"Bought mitv 4A in june 2018,also bought extended warranty, guess what the tv suddenly stopped working after the 1 year warranty period, i won't buy anything from xiaomi again. Mi Tv have very low build quality.READ MORE",1.0
After android system update can't connet radmi note 7 pro mobile via cast please give solutionREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
It was working well until one day the screen had color distortion and got to know that panel issues are there. Never expected a brand like MI would have panel issues in 2.3 years. Very pathetic and bad experience . The durability of MI product is doubtful after this shocking experience.READ MORE,1.0
After the update tv miracast function is removed and chromecast is added which does not work any time and screen is hanged after connecting the phone.READ MORE,3.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
I am using this tv from November 2018 Not a single problem Nice tv in good price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
I am using this tv from November 2018 Not a single problem Nice tv in good price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Great budget t.v. but today it is placed in store room bcz t.v. screen broken down.READ MORE,5.0
value for money...two years completed .working outstandingly. but the channels in HD are good than normal channelsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Screen mirroring not working after software update. Customer care also not helpingREAD MORE,1.0
Just a Bluetooth connectivity missing else all goodREAD MORE,4.0
Great value for money ....bought it for 13000 now it's around 3 yrs .....not a single problem at allREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV..READ MORE,5.0
good LEDREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Not installed mi tv correctlyREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductsREAD MORE,5.0
Very good proudectREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
PerfectREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice 😊READ MORE,5.0
Vga port not alivelREAD MORE,4.0
Ghatia productREAD MORE,1.0
Worst money.in one year mother board damaged. And 2nd year screen damage. Don't buyREAD MORE,1.0
I like this tvREAD MORE,5.0
In ofmy experienceThis MI TV is very bad.I purchased one year ago but it's pictures tube all most all destroyed.so please don't purchaseREAD MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Worst product ever ....,No quality in product..please don't  buy this Worst quality product.READ MORE",1.0
Very bad products sounds & pictures issuesREAD MORE,3.0
Good product... its been 2 years using this.. good quality...READ MORE,5.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
"It's been 1.5 years now. Bought this TV for my mother as the previous Sony got damaged from lightning. Mi has been a familiar brand because of the excellent smartphones that have been serving the family for the past 6 years. So bought it without much research. But the TV has been excellent for the price that it is being offered at. The only issue faced was tiny dead pixels noticed after a year. However the panel was promptly replaced by door service.Sound quality is decent, and the wi...READ MORE",5.0
oswmREAD MORE,4.0
Don't ever take the extended warranty from jeevs thay will just fool usREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad....READ MORE,1.0
Good product.READ MORE,4.0
Nice product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
PRICE WORTH PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't buy MI TV, its a scam. They write its a smart tv with OS, its been 2 years still no updates, no YouTube, no play store. Even the support is worst!!READ MORE",1.0
"Great TV, but picture quality is little disappointing. Colours aren't natural as they seem to be..READ MORE",4.0
"It was good tv till update, after update Miracast app removed by maker, without miracast it is uselessREAD MORE",2.0
Picture quality is very poor. I have second TV  of thomson brand which has samsung screen. THOMSON is much better in terms of quality. Buy THOMSON  and never buy Mi it's low quality.READ MORE,1.0
Best Tv using 2 year with no complainREAD MORE,5.0
Worth of money I am using this since 2 years....worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy it for low cost. You will face issues after 1 yearREAD MORE,1.0
very nice 😊🙃❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Review after using for 18 months. The TV just works fine for now.READ MORE,4.0
Very nice product in this Range...READ MORE,5.0
very nice 😊🙃❤️❤️READ MORE,5.0
Review after using for 18 months. The TV just works fine for now.READ MORE,4.0
Very nice product in this Range...READ MORE,5.0
Review after 1year it's so perfect and pretty... TooREAD MORE,4.0
Good TVREAD MORE,4.0
The  TV is good nice picture quality great sound obviously value for money but the cons are Bluetooth not available and you can't watch Netflix in thus TVREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product in this range awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
So goodREAD MORE,5.0
Mi ladREAD MORE,5.0
Sir we have extended warranty for TV our TV has complaint so response fastlysir can I want to talk with youREAD MORE,5.0
Super performance even after two years.READ MORE,5.0
Worth For Price ..READ MORE,5.0
"it is not Android TV it with pathwall software,  there is no update of software  for this TV till now waiting from 2 years.READ MORE",1.0
Review after 2  years great product in the price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
2 years so far no problems.. some time I see dark black line at right side of screen..READ MORE,5.0
It the best TV in this segment... Have been using it for 2 yearsREAD MORE,5.0
Mi product & service very poorREAD MORE,1.0
OS is slow. Got Playstore as an update which is fantastic . Can’t install Netflix on it. Still working after almost 2 yearsREAD MORE,4.0
"Writing it after using it for two years no problem , value for money , at that time this was best buy under 14K.READ MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Only one problem is..When I bought this ..on that time it was a smart TV.  Till then I did not got any software update from MI. Contacted many times with MI support. But they did not entertain. My request to Flipkart is if you can help me in this regard then I will be happy.READ MORE,5.0
Its a good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic mi Brand thankyou flipkart...🙏❤️🌷🌷🇮🇳🇮🇳👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️READ MORE,5.0
This product is best for money but it don't have any samrt or android features and and some connectivity issueREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Giod serviceValue for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
JUST WOWREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Giod serviceValue for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
JUST WOWREAD MORE,5.0
It is a review after usage of 2 years it was amazing tv no issues till now thanks to MI but still prime was not available for meREAD MORE,5.0
Not value for money. Lot of apps aren't working.READ MORE,2.0
Awesome product . Value for money .READ MORE,4.0
I have full android updated versionREAD MORE,2.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Blue line in display panel after 1.5 years... Display panel waste...READ MORE,1.0
"After using 2year i put my review, that wrost led in this segment. No good customer supportREAD MORE",1.0
Nice...READ MORE,5.0
Genuine ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Using since 2yrs approx 18hrs everyday Working properlyREAD MORE,5.0
The TV panel will faulter in 1 year. If you don’t buy the extended warranty your money is wasted.READ MORE,1.0
Super mi thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GOODREAD MORE,5.0
Low build quality...Poor connectivityREAD MORE,2.0
"still using this tv, it was awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
So niceREAD MORE,5.0
In one word superREAD MORE,5.0
"After one year use screen damage ,very very badREAD MORE",1.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
3star tvREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent tv..But some issues like bugsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice 👍READ MORE,5.0
Overall good product..READ MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
TV is OK But Remote is the not working properly.READ MORE,3.0
Wast product sellingREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Really amazing experience with Mi . Fantabulous product. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Waste of Money. Tv starts malfunctioning after a year or two. Worst part is the warranty provided by Flipkart is useless. The technicians don't come even e you follow up for days. NEVER BUY WARRANTY FROM FLIPKARTREAD MORE,1.0
"after 2 years, having display problem, right side bottom corner seems blackREAD MORE",1.0
Superb products... Good picture quality and  sound quality is great.. 👍AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Simply loved...READ MORE,5.0
Good product & best in this price range. But updates are not installing properly...READ MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Simply loved...READ MORE,5.0
Good product & best in this price range. But updates are not installing properly...READ MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Product are Good....but The man who install this tv in our home do not give us wall maunt...he install our tv in a table..Service are soo poor and bad....now we buy a wall maunt from flipkart Rs 170 extra cost....READ MORE,2.0
I just for 1.4year my display gone offREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product I am happyREAD MORE,4.0
Succes tv very nice displayREAD MORE,5.0
"Hey Guys, so I am using this TV from last 2 years and really satisfied with the performance so far. The best thing is I have MI A1 phone, so I can every phone stuff through TV, particularly all HD movies experience is awesome.If you have latest Android version in your phone and TV, you need not to waste money on any chrome cast or casting products.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's a very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Products are not good don't byREAD MORE,2.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product. After 6 months it is not working. Company's technician can't remove my TV's problem still now.READ MORE,1.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought in 2019 but my review date 2020 because after one year only I am planning to do comment still it's working good same picture,sound and connectivity good.READ MORE",4.0
"Don't buy extended warranty, they will take more than a month to visit your home and will take another month to fix problem after multiple calls and requests.READ MORE",1.0
Very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Do not buy MI TV picture tube got black out. Its better pay more n buy good company TV, as it is cheap which attracts but after few years you will face all technical problems. Eg Mother board issue and picture tube.READ MORE",1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Great pic and soundREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
In just one and half year it started showing problem... horrible experienceREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome product.. loved it..READ MORE,5.0
"AFTER USE OF TWO YEAR , I EXPERIENCED  QUALITY STANDARD AS PER  PRICE.  AT TIME OF PURCHASE, I TAKEN EXTENDED TWO YEAR GUARANTEE/AMC BUT MEANINGLESS. NO RESPONSE FROM FLIPKART.READ MORE",2.0
Very bad quality or very very bad services no responsibility  Plz no purchased is ledREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Its been 2 years now I am using this TV. After the period of 2 years lining begin to appear on the screen and now the warranty is also over. If you wish to buy this TV for a period of 2 years then its fine otherwise the waste of money. Very Unsatisfied with MI this time.READ MORE,1.0
Amazing still using it no problem after 1 year of useREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Cannot update since I bought this tvREAD MORE,1.0
Best budget tvREAD MORE,5.0
After Using few months looking good1.Connectivity problemREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very bad Tv DEFECTIVE PRODUCTREAD MORE,1.0
Purchased with extended wranty.display complaint came to home and took the product sofar 8 months over no refund no response you can't talk to anyone.better don't go with flip cart extended wranty .I lost my product cheating people both jeevs and flip cart.READ MORE,2.0
"Everything is awesome, you will love your purchase only thing is after 1 year uses motherboard got failed and I had to get it repaired. And have also heard that motherboard is an issue with this tv. Apart from this extremely recommended.READ MORE",4.0
Average itemREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
After 18 months i can say this product is simply awesome.READ MORE,5.0
Average...READ MORE,3.0
"I have used this TV for 2years, It was good but after 2 year all of sudden display is not working sound coming but showing blank screen and I call the technician he said need to replace the DISPLAY which cost around Rs. 8500/-. I asked him what is the reason for the display problem he said due to more usage display get damaged.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
"I have used this TV for 2years, It was good but after 2 year all of sudden display is not working sound coming but showing blank screen and I call the technician he said need to replace the DISPLAY which cost around Rs. 8500/-. I asked him what is the reason for the display problem he said due to more usage display get damaged.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Goood.....READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Waste of moneyREAD MORE,1.0
Value for money. If u want to buy then go for this. This is really a amazing product with good picture and sound quality. This tv is best for a small family. Thanks Flipkart for ur cooperation.READ MORE,5.0
I'm Satisfied with this TV.READ MORE,5.0
Nice one in budgetREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality very bad after 6 months useREAD MORE,2.0
Good Quality ProductREAD MORE,4.0
only in one year tv scren not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Really super. Compare other brands. MI brand is good..READ MORE,5.0
Netflix app is missing and sound is ok.otherwise value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Received very good quality of product.READ MORE,4.0
Value for money....All things are good...Very Satisfied with thisREAD MORE,5.0
Super tvREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome tv worth of buying . Display and design is very good . Hope durability will be good !READ MORE,4.0
GREAT PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
It is a budget brand ledREAD MORE,5.0
Good&GoodREAD MORE,4.0
This tv won't support prime vedio and Netflix apps.west of purchase.Very bad experience I have.I call support team they said wait till update.But I am waiting science 2 yearsREAD MORE,3.0
Request you to add Netflix application.READ MORE,5.0
"Worst i used this from Jan 2019 after one years a some lines formed on the TV totally disappointed on MI ,READ MORE",1.0
Bluetooth connectivity is a must in today's time.But it's suprising and unfortunate Bluetooth connection is not given with this model for speakers.Even basic mobile has Bluetooth feature but this TV has not updated this even after 2years later. Businss strategy only.READ MORE,1.0
Update is taking too long. Memory is too less.. switch on is taking too much time after update. Overall product is good.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
It is working smooth for only 1year after I am only facing problem and when contacting to tell give solution there is no response I personally prefer to never take a mi product form any site or  never take product form FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Never got the promised update even in August 2020. It was supposed to be given till 2019. False marketing.READ MORE,1.0
Nice tv best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product..READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
No update for this tv. All other products got andriod update.READ MORE,1.0
Have used it for over 2 years now and its perfect. The picture quality is excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Within 2years display damage...READ MORE,1.0
"Picture quality of av through vga cable is very bad, hdmi I haven't try,  sound is OK, rest when I purchased it was not android but now it's updated and fully android.READ MORE",2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"After using 1 year,  lines are appearing on screen, please don't go with MI tvREAD MORE",1.0
I have purchased it from Flipkart.overall this product worth to purchase at this rate.READ MORE,4.0
"Ok okk,READ MORE",5.0
Worthy productREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Do not buy it. Sound quality is not a good and after one and half years horizontal and vertical line and dark spots appearing on screen.READ MORE,1.0
Nyc performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Super i like it.....READ MORE,5.0
Value for money product.Picture and soud are good. Remote is not working properly sometimes. Navigation among apps/ within app is slow. External keyboard is supported but is malfunctioning. Need sd memory Card to extend internal memory but sometimes it is malfunctioning.READ MORE,3.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice tv we can play the phone games also in this tvREAD MORE,5.0
The TV is indeed awesome. This works amazingly. The review is after using it 2 years. It's working properly. The picture quality and sound quality is really amazingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Pixel Quality is average (720 P)READ MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is like LCDREAD MORE,4.0
"Good product. Little slow, May be I Have 8-10 apps. Good quality.READ MORE",4.0
people who really know will understandi have sony tv also now let me tell u my point of viewthis cheap piece is nowhere near sony tv quality and viewing experience but if u want budet tv in price of a smartphone then it is a great choice but if u are a user which believe in long term investment expend some more cash and buy a quality product and dont touch this chinese productREAD MORE,3.0
Good product...paise vasoolREAD MORE,5.0
Good buyREAD MORE,5.0
"I would not suggest anyone to but this product, because its display automatically get off, just after completing 1.5 years, and now I will have to pay 14k to replace the display.READ MORE",2.0
Lowest price and good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product no YouTube it's not a android tvREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
"screen got lines even though we used this product sparingly,READ MORE",1.0
blutooth is not their that is big lack in this product other than this product is best product in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"Very bad cheap quality of panel, you won't believe that I purchased before two years, when the product completed its warranty period the display just gone away & you have to pay the cost for it's 18000 +GST,When product price is 22,999/-. It means I paid 1000 rupees per month for tv approx.READ MORE",2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Scan automatically black and nothing showing anty this on screen every 6 month.READ MORE,3.0
Nice product... Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy this worst product I buy this from Flipkart with extended warranty and now I am facing problem and warranty team didn't support me without any reason. And reject claims without any reason.READ MORE,1.0
Super productREAD MORE,5.0
I am reviewing this product after using 1.5 years just thought of sharing my thoughtsExcellent TV with good connectivity options.Especially I connect my pc using hdmi and play games it is very good to view and detailing is perfect.It supports only 1080p videos when you play through apps but 4k videos can be played using pendrive little lag here and there it is not a big issue.Received android update as well.WiFi is connected throughout the day and still the performance is fast.Soun...READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Superb qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality 👍READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
"I used this product since 2years , i have best experience, and casting was not gd ,it's connect's mobile only when it's connect same wifi it's disadvantage on itREAD MORE",4.0
"VERY BAD PRODUCT, USING FROM LAST 1.5YEARS, HAVING ISSUE IN AUDIO OUTPUT, PICTURE QUALITY ALSO NOT THAT MUCH GOOD, AUDIO QUALITY ASLO NOT GUD.READ MORE",1.0
Mobile connectivity bad and hdmi soundbar not connectedREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
working fineREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super amazing..... 😍😍😍😍😍😍🥰READ MORE,5.0
Worst TV I have ever seen. After warranty iam facing issues with regarding to the display. It is not at all  working properly... Totally disappointed with it. And Iam writing this review after nearly 2 years of purchase. Better to choose another brand.( OnePlus)READ MORE,1.0
Don't buy it...worthlessREAD MORE,1.0
Best led for this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent product , value for 💰 money.READ MORE",5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
"Chrome cast won't work, Otherwise TV is goodREAD MORE",3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Everything excellentOnly Screen mirroring feature is not working....READ MORE,5.0
Review after almost a year after usages. Its great value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product and worth each dime. Its been two successful years running without any internal/external component damage. I will recommend it along with the protection plan.READ MORE,5.0
very good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Its been 1 year iam using this TV still Perfect and Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
I am writing this review after analysing this product. It's value for money. It's a best smart TV u can ever get at this price range regarding connectivity point of view it's superb.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Connectivity with mobile is poor, Bluetooth connectivity is not available. Only mi mobile connects with TV.READ MORE",3.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Line Mark's found on screen with in 6 months.very poor quality.READ MORE,1.0
"Hey..After 1 Year of use  LED screen is showing black bold lines on the screen.  **Big Note** Don't buy the extended warranty from Jeeves, they all are cheaters, you won't get services and customer supports my God very Pathetic...They have disconnected my calls 6 times in a day.READ MORE",2.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Line Mark's found on screen with in 6 months.very poor quality.READ MORE,1.0
"Hey..After 1 Year of use  LED screen is showing black bold lines on the screen.  **Big Note** Don't buy the extended warranty from Jeeves, they all are cheaters, you won't get services and customer supports my God very Pathetic...They have disconnected my calls 6 times in a day.READ MORE",2.0
Worth itREAD MORE,5.0
Good products bat  Not working 18 manthREAD MORE,5.0
I gave it 5 star coz this is the best product in this range. I am using it since more than 2 years and it never disappointed me with its performace. When i purchased it was based on patchwall operating system and later through auto update it turned into google android and since then i am really loving it. All play store applications are fully supported with zero problem. Must buy within this budget.READ MORE,5.0
super ..... productREAD MORE,5.0
osm tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Tv and Excellent service by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
This is a TV black spotREAD MORE,4.0
Very poor quality and far poor services of miREAD MORE,1.0
Very Bad Product. I have purchased in 2018 and Now it's not working due to pannel problem. Only working 2 years only. This is very bad. Even warranty also not eligible now.READ MORE,1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Not working,,, display problemREAD MORE",1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
So excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
MI 4A superb smart TV..  With perfect picture Quality HD... Am writing this review after almost 9 months experience... Everything is very clear... Clarity  is the best with HD connection.. Am enjoying every little moment when I. Watch the TV.... LOVE DIS...and recommend interested ones to buy out This.....READ MORE,5.0
Best prduct value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
No proper audio and video and the product is not usefulREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Within this range worth your money.READ MORE,5.0
"Its been 11 months am using it is so good, in this amount it's very much satisfyable I love the product it's sooo good no issues happened till now running pretty much good 🥰🥰🥰♥️♥️♥️♥️ thank you flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Review being written after 2 years of purchase. The screen has spontaneously developed a thick horizontal band of dead pixels one third of the way down.... very poor quality...READ MORE,2.0
2 daysREAD MORE,5.0
"Still going good, no complaints whatsoeverREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent TVREAD MORE,5.0
2 daysREAD MORE,5.0
"Still going good, no complaints whatsoeverREAD MORE",5.0
Excellent TVREAD MORE,5.0
Best for tv mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing.....❤️ I love mi products...Value of money for all products..Tv is excellent 😍 working All is well  go for thisREAD MORE,4.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
"This TV is really value for money..,READ MORE",5.0
hi I am manit i am rating this product after using 7 month1.start blinking2.taking too much time for power on3.don't go for it because any person who will bought tv think that  that should be durable for 5 years but  there is bad condition inonl;y 7 monthREAD MORE,1.0
SCREEN LINE AFTER 1 YEAR PLZ NO BUY THIS ITOMREAD MORE,1.0
Value for money. I bought this at 10.5k in offer.Worth to buy. Value for money.Some times connecting with mobile facing issues. But okayREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad product not updateREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Mi TV niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Product completely waster I can't believe flipkart is selling all duplicate products I guess 3 months back I had ordered 32inch LED TV,  for 1 to 2 months it was good after that problem started slowly small line was blinking on screen day by day totally screen got damagedREAD MORE",4.0
never buy this tv if any problem create no ansREAD MORE,1.0
It wontt support dolby 5.1 surround. support only stereo sound not suitable for 5.1 home theaterREAD MORE,2.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Veri goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad tv ever  no picture quality  even motherboard of TV damaged in 1 year & 8 months it's better to buy branded tv  . Totally waste of money on MiREAD MORE,1.0
"Doest not support prime video, Earlier prime video was working, but without updates, it is messREAD MORE",1.0
Very very good.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Audio not coming from TV to home theater.. Audio input not working...bt  Jacks are working..READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"T.V is awesome But remote is not good, not convenient,  not easy pressing, its hard pressNeed to improve the remoteREAD MORE",4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.READ MORE,5.0
WowREAD MORE,5.0
used for almost 2 years. no problem faced till nowREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Cheep&best productREAD MORE,5.0
"with in a year and half after purchase TV display got corrupted, appeared vertical lines on screen. Not a reliable productREAD MORE",1.0
"Just good, not best.READ MORE",3.0
"Perfect, that's itREAD MORE",5.0
"Its nice product i started using two years back on words, till now there is no problemREAD MORE",4.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
"Descent one for the price. Screen quality is nice and HD channels are very nice to watch. Sound quality is just average but ok. Since it's 1GB RAM model, it's a bit slow to respond.READ MORE",4.0
Avoid this brand of TV. Netflix doesn't come on this. Many of file extension s have no audio supportREAD MORE,2.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"It is a very good and affordable tv giving competition to big brands.It is now going to be around 2 years since I am using it,it is totally fine.You should definitely go for it..the picture quality,sound... everything is perfect.Thanks to flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
I am using this Mi TV 4A for last 12 month had worst experienceEvery company tries to upgrade products features by giving software update but in case of this TV reverse works they sent update and after updating alot of useful apps and features got removed and remote also stopped working.I will suggest not to buy this TV instead go for Samsung TV'SI'm very disappointed 😓😓READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Mi tv product is very poor. & Service very bad & service center is so poor. & Mi tv not buy Avery customer .,. I am not satisfied this product....READ MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy any Chinese product....READ MORE,3.0
"Excellent TV, I am using it 1 and 1/2 years it's performance is very nice. Except sound quality everything is fine & obviously it is value for money.READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Pathetic, strongly recommended not to buy worst product, worst company worst qualityREAD MORE",1.0
Wrost quality .and shutdownly off many time occer ...READ MORE,1.0
Excellent after 1 .5 years of useREAD MORE,5.0
I BOYCOTT CHINA'S PRODUCTSREAD MORE,4.0
Initially it was good then they automatically updated the tv no screen mirrioring facility is not working properly. Not getting connectedREAD MORE,2.0
"Using since 2 years, no problemsREAD MORE",5.0
"poor in connectivity, remaining goodREAD MORE",4.0
the product quality is very very bad. the panel quality very low.also the display performance is very bad.READ MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
I got my order on time thank flipkart from my sideREAD MORE,5.0
Sound is no up to mark but display was v goodREAD MORE,4.0
Product quantity is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Some software issues are there. Unable to install new apps. However value for money.READ MORE,3.0
Only connectivity problem sometime. Others all goodREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart hasn't done the installation of our tv. Using the product for more than 1 yr....without no complaints...READ MORE,5.0
"Using it after more than 1.5 years.  I can happily submit my review.  This tv is best at it's cost variants. Smooth picture quality and decent sound. They provided update of android 9 ,that was amazing One can get this tv if looking for budget one.READ MORE",5.0
Worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"The pricture quality is bad . The sound experience is also bad . Worst product of mi. Horrible product. Very bad product finish. In case of buying this product people should go for VU California Tv it is the best in the tv and very economical. It is also an indian brand and people should go for this brand instead of xiaomi tv, lg, samsung, sony.READ MORE",1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good workingREAD MORE,4.0
Value For moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Just 1.2 year mainboard failed. Waste of money. Company given only one year warranty.READ MORE,5.0
"I am writing this review after appx. 1.5 years of purchase. We are unable to connect this TV to any other device.  We tried contacting MI service center for getting it rectified but they did not provide any support and said that this is a manufacturing defect and this can not be rectified and ""all MI TV's have similar issues"".......as in this era of smart TV's a person looks for a product that can be connected to the available devices, but this product from MI lacks in the connectivity featur...READ MORE",2.0
Review after 2 year of regular usage....Just Awesome Product still feel like it has most advanced technology ??READ MORE,4.0
Picture quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Display damage after 1 year.. warranty complete..tv damage.READ MORE,1.0
"Just go for it. Writing this after 1.5 years of use. Picture, sound, games all go good. Connected a gamepad ... Redgear and it goes flawless. Dont go for reviews that expect rs 100000 quality in this TV. Get to know how to use it and you never regret . No issues at all...very happy with the purchaae.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
"Just go for it. Writing this after 1.5 years of use. Picture, sound, games all go good. Connected a gamepad ... Redgear and it goes flawless. Dont go for reviews that expect rs 100000 quality in this TV. Get to know how to use it and you never regret . No issues at all...very happy with the purchaae.READ MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
this tv is not fully functional        and ......... low low materialREAD MORE,4.0
I am happy for MI productREAD MORE,5.0
Worst TV ever i bought only sound quality is ok rest everything is bad. No timely updates bad connectivity and poor picture quality.READ MORE,1.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,4.0
Good 👍READ MORE,4.0
VERY GOOD & SATISFIED DELIVERY BY THE FLIP KART AND PRODUCT IS VERY VERY GOOD.READ MORE,5.0
Some wierd lines started comming after 2 yearsREAD MORE,3.0
Response is very slow and no Netflix even after update to android 9.Mi tv are worse and consumes more power.READ MORE,1.0
Unbelievable quality. Within this price we received sach great things. AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very poor sound qualityREAD MORE,1.0
"Speaker quality is awful, will have to increase the volume to hear dialogues clearly. Background noise dominates the character voice.READ MORE",3.0
Don't buy worst product.....Worst services by MI...READ MORE,1.0
"Very nice TV , far better quality than all other products.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome Tv at this Price range. I have been used since October-2018. Haven't find any issue..READ MORE,5.0
Smart tv at this price is really amazing. Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Good package in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Superb deviceREAD MORE,5.0
Best tv in this price...Thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Connectivity is very poor. Unable to cast after new updates. One is unable to connect with  google home too. Once it is connected, the connection is not stable.READ MORE",3.0
Best Product By Flipkart Good ServiceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV.Thanks to MI company to launch this in cheaperREAD MORE,5.0
Very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
not goodREAD MORE,1.0
Overall performance is good but after 1 year remote is not working properly. Poor quality remoteREAD MORE,1.0
Please don't buy this. I repeat don't. Picture quality is very dissatisfying. I see a dull picture with a kind of layer over total screen. Connectivity -> Leave it to God. Sound Quality -> Just average. Slim TV. Looks good. VU is a better choice.READ MORE,1.0
Low quality sound low quality picture view and now the tv get slow to use and panel issueREAD MORE,2.0
"Not worthy. Motorola, Nokia, Vu TVs are better than this mi tv.READ MORE",1.0
Awesome pixel qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Good Quality  and Features according to priceREAD MORE,5.0
Though the picture quality is quite ok but the sound is pathetic. You have to setup a home theatre or a sound bar for a better sound clarity.READ MORE,3.0
Good werkREAD MORE,5.0
Good value for worthREAD MORE,4.0
Good. But due to update chromocast is not working .READ MORE,4.0
Superb LED TV in this range of amount and working capacity so nice with high quality sound & pictureREAD MORE,5.0
"There is nothing smart about it. Description says it is ""Mi 4A 108 cm (43) Full HD LED Smart Android Based TV"" but MI customer care says that it is not android based and will not suport amazaon prime etc. Even youtube app does not work properly. If you want android based, you should have bought 4A Pro. At the best, you can do screen mirroring from mobile. Even that started giving trouble after I upgraded the OS in my MI mobile.READ MORE",1.0
nice delivery and servicesREAD MORE,5.0
"Mi Tv is awesome ProsGood picture, like Sony tvSound quality loud and clearAndroid TV best in marketCan connect home theatreConnect wifi and castAndroid upgrade available, installed new version.ConsNo playstoreLess memory to install softwareAt start boot very slowSound no bass but stereo.Remote control not so easy to connect press atleast 3 times then works. Very bad remote functionNo muteInternal YouTube , sound are not coming in home theatreAtlast by price tag it worth it....READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Display will not work even throw small pen on it, display cost more than 10k with gst.READ MORE",1.0
Installed by self.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
"I have been use since 14 months . It working good.sound , picture amazingREAD MORE",5.0
Oswm TV no problem till nowREAD MORE,5.0
"Best product review after use 2 years,And not any problemsREAD MORE",4.0
"I have been use since 14 months . It working good.sound , picture amazingREAD MORE",5.0
Oswm TV no problem till nowREAD MORE,5.0
"Best product review after use 2 years,And not any problemsREAD MORE",4.0
Best for living hall for Mi TVREAD MORE,5.0
New update is not working properly and unable to use many features also having volume issuesREAD MORE,2.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Don't buy it, after 1year TV will stop working and extended service won't help you much, I strongly feel mi TVs are remotely controlled and they can remotely shutdown your TV and ask you to get it repairs with extra money , don't buy this TV.READ MORE",1.0
Wonderful Product By Xiaomi.READ MORE,5.0
"Just for name it's android tv. Mi company giving to connection from phone to tv as name it is not working. Google store is not installing and working . Waste to buy .other products is better than this. Mi is a waste brand. Don't buy any more. No apps are installing. No youtube is working ,how can we install, waste to buy money waste time waste.READ MORE",1.0
Excellent Product. Value for money. Planning to buy a bigger one nowREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"I am using this TV for more than a year now, so far its been a great experience.latest update was great.main drawback of the TV is Netflix is not supported.If you are planning to use this TV for cable (like Tata sky, Dish TV etc) and movie purpose its a great one within this budget.also if you want to enjoy 4k content, you watch is with VLC player.Gaming experience is bad on this tv, I have connected this tv with ps4 slim, PC, Xbox one X so far I have only got good result with Xbox one x.READ MORE",5.0
Osm picture quality and sound good connectivity very fastREAD MORE,5.0
Best in budget tvREAD MORE,4.0
Poor display quality........READ MORE,3.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
Best tv in bidget no tv can beat it ... Close ur eyes and buy itREAD MORE,5.0
Verry Good Amazing Product.READ MORE,4.0
Create a problem in cast screenREAD MORE,2.0
"dont bye MI tv  ,mirror cost not working ,some any problem is generatedi suggested not bye MI tvREAD MORE",1.0
Verry Good Amazing Product.READ MORE,4.0
Create a problem in cast screenREAD MORE,2.0
"dont bye MI tv  ,mirror cost not working ,some any problem is generatedi suggested not bye MI tvREAD MORE",1.0
Satisfied so farREAD MORE,5.0
This tv is very good this TV's clarity is exillent screen mirroring is not badREAD MORE,5.0
"I bought this tv an one and half an year ago.Till date it worked fine and colors on this tv are awesome. But more tv's have entered into this price range with better offers. I think manufacturer did not have proper quality control,I say this because only after year and half some lines appeared on bottom of the screen. And these lines      seemed to increase on every start up of tv.READ MORE",5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
"Review after the usage of 1.5 yrs.. good product, good picture good sound and the good oneREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"2 year completed, good experience to use value for money.READ MORE",5.0
Very nice  performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Worst picture quality not up to the mark. Dont prefer Mi tv.. Go for some other brands. Sound 🔊 is horribleREAD MORE,1.0
"Don't buy MI TV its waste.I am waiting for the android update since 1 year.They promised to give update end of year 2019, still stuck at ver 1.0.1READ MORE",1.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
100% satisfied 😍love for mi..READ MORE,5.0
"Dear Team,i am so disappointed with this product.tv & its remote not functioning at all.very slow when we try to connect with network(Casting).please help me sorting out this issues ASAP.READ MORE",3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
its worthREAD MORE,5.0
It bugs issued software problem don't buy itREAD MORE,3.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good quality and clear picture. tks for flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Good for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
After few days low volumeREAD MORE,3.0
"It's nice TV, but my TV remote control is Lost, let me know how to get new oneREAD MORE",5.0
Nice TV I like it ❤️❤️❤️😍😍😍😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
"Geart product,love itREAD MORE",5.0
Demo was niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,4.0
It is worth buying at this priceWorking goodReceiving software updates from MIREAD MORE,5.0
super tvREAD MORE,5.0
Good😄READ MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,5.0
Nice & fastREAD MORE,5.0
Super.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product sarvice is good mi company and I'm not west my moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Installation is too much bad.READ MORE,1.0
Best DealREAD MORE,5.0
I am giving this rate after using of 1 year 5 months...best in the market .READ MORE,5.0
Loved it. Afyer an year also got updated with all new features. Chromecast feature also came in after update. Simply superb.READ MORE,5.0
Best product by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"The firmware update caused lot of problem, it screwed up keyboard access, wifi issues, unable intall applicationREAD MORE",2.0
4.5 out of 5READ MORE,5.0
super price and worthREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product and very good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
It's unbelievable .. we are getting all the option in this money... Same features I brought for 65k 3 years backREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product in reasonable price & services is good.READ MORE,5.0
"Very bad experience there is a colour issue on screen after a year. Rectangular patches & different colours float on screen. And worst, I had complaint about that on MI call centre, no one reach to resolve the problem even after schedule date was given same day of registered complaint. Worst experience of after sale services.READ MORE",1.0
Great choiceREAD MORE,5.0
This price best productREAD MORE,5.0
it is a nice smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
not connect cast screenREAD MORE,2.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Better performance..READ MORE,5.0
"One of the best brand and quality.Latest updates are very nice (include Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, play store).READ MORE",5.0
Excellent product. Go for itREAD MORE,5.0
Nice oneREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
nice im happyREAD MORE,5.0
"Very good product, updated to android recently also, love this product, using it via wifi, value for money alsoREAD MORE",5.0
Superb TV with reasonable priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Bogas update mat karna tv koREAD MORE,1.0
Overall osum tvREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality as per price.READ MORE,3.0
After using almost an year am writing this. TV is very gud but it is a 2 star little electricity bill will be more. Intailly I received the TV with damaged mother board but again from the company they had come and repaired it. Now it's working gud.READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
One if the most good productREAD MORE,5.0
After using almost an year am writing this. TV is very gud but it is a 2 star little electricity bill will be more. Intailly I received the TV with damaged mother board but again from the company they had come and repaired it. Now it's working gud.READ MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
One if the most good productREAD MORE,5.0
"Since the latest update in August 2019, the television is just a box.You cannot screen cast, you cannot use OTT apps etcOnly suitable for DTH services.Would not recommend the new buyers to go for it until the issue gets fixed in the next update in these models. Would be total waste of money!.READ MORE",1.0
Superb tv oneREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Good product, installation also very fast .READ MORE",5.0
Super product. Picture quality is simply super. Hi fi characteristics in limited budget.READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
OutstandingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
HD qulity on hd channelREAD MORE,5.0
NICE TVREAD MORE,5.0
MI to mi tv super very very superREAD MORE,4.0
Connectivity every poorREAD MORE,1.0
Super good work 👌👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
The best and nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Super good work 👌👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
Great productREAD MORE,5.0
The best and nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
OkREAD MORE,2.0
nice mi led tvREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent, I love it 🥰READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
I am happy..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product and value for money. Flipkart delivery is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"Good product at 15000 but after use of 1 year i have facing the connectivity problems, wifi problem, screen casting problem , rather than good picture quality.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
After the os upgrade it is working now as full Android tv.It has connectivity to Google store.Good connectivity options.Value for money!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,4.0
worst product. don't invest money. TV damage in 1 year. vertical lines are coming on screen and service cost is high. buy branded product like samsung sony philipsREAD MORE,1.0
osmREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product.This TV is wonderful in low price.READ MORE,5.0
After android pie update worst TV so don't buy itCast screen can't connect without internet please don't buy..READ MORE,1.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Speaker is extremely bad not at all expected.READ MORE,1.0
Decent product 👍👍READ MORE,4.0
Great deal!! After one year Still it works great and Gets Software updates.READ MORE,5.0
Super tv value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very happy.. MI PRODUCT very good and glad to be part of MI PRODUCT user.READ MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
I wrote this after the use of 19mnths.  good product.  No issues. Works wellREAD MORE,5.0
"Didn't provide the update yet. Now can't use any apps.Can't call a smart TV now, its just a TV, that's all.READ MORE",1.0
Now this Tv automatically updated to androidTv...super ..READ MORE,5.0
Good For Money Use FullREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
After purchasing this TV within 6 months board was replaced and after 1 year again TV got repaired. Not a good choice.READ MORE,1.0
Best in class got it for 18900READ MORE,5.0
"In the flipkart add. It is mentioned as LED TV Display, but in the TV itself the sticker denotes as  LCD display. Which is true.READ MORE",5.0
third classREAD MORE,1.0
Very nice tv at a low budget liked a lotREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
in this range you can't get better than this..go for it..READ MORE,5.0
low qualityREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
So niceREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
good workingREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
i bought it on 2018 December... working fine till date...READ MORE,5.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Plz don't buy this product after one year started problem in displayREAD MORE,1.0
tv update problemREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice deviceREAD MORE,5.0
flipkart order processing is so poor please purchase the products other site of e commerce companyREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
great TV at a very great price. Best for familyREAD MORE,5.0
excellent TV.Using it since more than a year & it is flawless.value for money.READ MORE,5.0
"Overall nice product, good service from Flipkart. Even Mi Service also good.READ MORE",4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
After a year I see black spots and marks on screen.. Please avoid buying this one and this TV is sparingly used.. Probably would have used it only for 100 hours in last year or so as this is a secondary TV at my home. Not sure whom should I connect to resolve this.READ MORE,1.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Value for MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
superb tvREAD MORE,5.0
Black spots formed in screen in just 7 months use. thought I was the only one but many are facing this. First time a bad product from MIREAD MORE,1.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good in low budegtREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product must buy this if you want to purchase smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
After 1.5 years useg. Good quality product. Best performance. Only connectivity is badREAD MORE,4.0
no support from MI after buying this TV. firestick stopped working with the recent android updateREAD MORE,1.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent features with Economy. Must buy.READ MORE,5.0
best budget tvREAD MORE,5.0
Good LCD TV I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
cheap and bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
amazing..i love this tvREAD MORE,5.0
it's awesome for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
The MI led tv which I have bought on 02.03.19 has got a major complaint within 1 year . Now the tv is on warranty period. The Tv's power is not getting On.READ MORE,5.0
i want one tvREAD MORE,3.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
The MI led tv which I have bought on 02.03.19 has got a major complaint within 1 year . Now the tv is on warranty period. The Tv's power is not getting On.READ MORE,5.0
i want one tvREAD MORE,3.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
awesome super adipoli semma !!!ummma chummaREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
picture quality is not as expected. rest everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
only drawback is it don't have Bluetooth activity.can anyone please guide me a solution by giving an alternative.so that I would use my Bluetooth speakers satisfactorlyREAD MORE,3.0
wifi not working post the update.READ MORE,2.0
v goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's worst product and my experience is an eye opener. exactly after one year of company warranty tv stopped working. I had taken extended warranty but there is no help. i have called them more than 100 times and emailed them 50 times but they give just false promise. it's been more than 3 months and they have done nothing. I'm going to consumer court now. plz Don't buy any electronics items from flipkart.READ MORE,1.0
too much problematic after one year....no proper service.... very much difficult for me...my tv not working since last 15 days....no update from company.... very much delay....I m very much sad for this product.READ MORE,3.0
Very nice and very smart TV thanks to flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv low prizeREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product by flipkart at the same time it this is the best smart TV in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Extraordinary in dis price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
"Very Bad TV , It stop working within 1 year and to get it repaired in warrenty is also not easy as after sale service of MI is also worstREAD MORE",1.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Extraordinary in dis price segmentREAD MORE,5.0
"Very Bad TV , It stop working within 1 year and to get it repaired in warrenty is also not easy as after sale service of MI is also worstREAD MORE",1.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
overall goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
This TV is getting hanged frequently after 1 year. Continuously getting restarted automatically.Waste of Money. Should go for a branded like LG / SAMSUNG.READ MORE,1.0
Good one go for itREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product with all latest feature. Good Viewing experience.READ MORE,5.0
awesome product 👍👌👌READ MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
very nice product.READ MORE,5.0
"worth buying,quality  is Superb.resolution is best.haven't faced any connectivity issue yet,using it for a yearREAD MORE",5.0
value for money worth itREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
its okREAD MORE,4.0
veryREAD MORE,3.0
"is a good product overall.but I'm really unsatisfied to learn that after almost 1.5year pf purchase still there is no Google update to the UI, which was promised.also voice assistant missing in the remote.READ MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent TV, I am using it from more than a year it's just superb.READ MORE",5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
ok..okREAD MORE,3.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
I am using the Mi TV past more than a year. And it's been a great experience of quality.READ MORE,5.0
In this mi TV all is well but only one issue that it was not update till now from nov-2018 with play store that is very disappointed.READ MORE,4.0
After one and half year my led tv not working. so totally waste of my money.I request all to not buy this wastage box.READ MORE,1.0
"It's worth the money, its been a year I brought this, Its running real good, better than any other tv online.READ MORE",5.0
very nice quality and I am impressed in low pricesREAD MORE,5.0
After one and half year my led tv not working. so totally waste of my money.I request all to not buy this wastage box.READ MORE,1.0
"It's worth the money, its been a year I brought this, Its running real good, better than any other tv online.READ MORE",5.0
very nice quality and I am impressed in low pricesREAD MORE,5.0
Best tv in the segment. Picture quality is good. connectivity is good. Audio quality is average but only one issue the headphone jack stopped working after 1 month.So just gave 3 stars because headphone jack is really important for me as i always use home theatre without this issue i would have given 5 stars.READ MORE,3.0
apps are not working since many days.MI has committed for new update which will support apps. but still no update since more than 6 months.don't buy.READ MORE,1.0
very nice .. I write this review after 1+ year...sound - 4/5display - 4/5connectivity - 4/5over all very impressed..READ MORE,4.0
Just Awesome!!!READ MORE,5.0
I purchase this december 2018 at Rs.12749/- in sbi card offer which was best for me and TV  is working nicely still.READ MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"Value fo money , awesome tv.fully satisfiedREAD MORE",5.0
bastREAD MORE,5.0
"Received update with bug which impacted internet connection, in frankly speaking smart tv became ordinary tvREAD MORE",2.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good product #MIREAD MORE,4.0
it's best productREAD MORE,4.0
Ver worse experience with MI TV. TV is dead after 11 months of purchase. To replace a spare it's taking more than 3 weeks.. Really bad about quality of TV & service availability.READ MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
"its really a worst product , after 1.4 years it screen show lots of red lines.READ MORE",1.0
Nice product.READ MORE,5.0
im writing the review after using for 1 year. initally tv supports most of the apps. now it hangs most of the time and youtube is not working and prime video support is not working. overall waste tv.. dont buy from mi. ull get cheated.. if u watch only with satellite connection. then u use. its not a smart tv. its a waste tv.READ MORE,1.0
"its really a worst product , after 1.4 years it screen show lots of red lines.READ MORE",1.0
Nice product.READ MORE,5.0
im writing the review after using for 1 year. initally tv supports most of the apps. now it hangs most of the time and youtube is not working and prime video support is not working. overall waste tv.. dont buy from mi. ull get cheated.. if u watch only with satellite connection. then u use. its not a smart tv. its a waste tv.READ MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
I didn't get android update yetREAD MORE,3.0
best product....READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
value for money...exllent.READ MORE,5.0
Have been using this TV for more than 1 year.. no complaints. Our family loves it. Worthy purchase.READ MORE,5.0
But my TV updates still not comingREAD MORE,4.0
6 month before purchase tv sound suddenly complete volume problemREAD MORE,1.0
supportableREAD MORE,5.0
v. goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good  productREAD MORE,5.0
facing booting issueREAD MORE,2.0
only one word.... superb..READ MORE,5.0
very nice awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome product. i have purchased this product on Nov 2018, one year before, the performace of this TV is too good in all respects, must buy this type of TV, thanks for Red Mi TV and flipkart also.READ MORE",5.0
need to update otherwise no use of smart TV. don't buy any mi TV.READ MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very good one at this price range✌READ MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality... Good picture and sound..READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
gr88READ MORE,4.0
"good one worth every penny, cons: no smooth user interface as there is a lag while using           except mi other mobile devices has a problem in mirroringREAD MORE",4.0
automatic display color changesREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"good one worth every penny, cons: no smooth user interface as there is a lag while using           except mi other mobile devices has a problem in mirroringREAD MORE",4.0
automatic display color changesREAD MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
I'm loving it...💓READ MORE,5.0
Superb MiREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Overall good I am using for 1.5yrs but update of youtube not availableREAD MORE,4.0
verry Nice this product 💕💕💕💕READ MORE,5.0
Working superbly till DateREAD MORE,5.0
"there is no Google Voice seach, manual searching is very Painful.READ MORE",3.0
very super TV nice productREAD MORE,5.0
I gave it 5/5 star but have to give it 1 star due to YouTube issue. YouTube app no longer works in itREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Not recommendedREAD MORE,2.0
very poor qulity disply not buy this item. west of mony. Iam very disapointed.READ MORE,1.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Stopped working after 1 yearREAD MORE,1.0
TV was Good.  but YouTube not supported after Few months...READ MORE,3.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
"not good, poor picture quality and poor sound quality,low performance.READ MORE",3.0
No updates and worst displayREAD MORE,1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is too poor to watch DTHREAD MORE,3.0
I buy it for my institute in place of projecter.. I'm really satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
it is very super tv. i can see funny videos in itREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for spending the amountREAD MORE,4.0
very bad pannel screen Quality is vey lowits automatically brokendon't buy any oneREAD MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
is anyone get updates to android version ?..i still don't get it.. Flipkart told all Patchwall Mi TV will get updates to android version by December 2018..or Flipkart full us to sell its old tv..btw TV is  awesome..READ MORE,4.0
product is very good but they didn't come to install TVREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
nice budget tvREAD MORE,5.0
I love miREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad experience...after one year YOUTUBE is not support...READ MORE,2.0
nice budget tvREAD MORE,5.0
I love miREAD MORE,5.0
Very bad experience...after one year YOUTUBE is not support...READ MORE,2.0
Super led tv by miREAD MORE,5.0
Beast by MiREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
mi tv sound system bad next good video clarate present sound clarety problem lower soundREAD MORE,3.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Doesn't support 5Ghz wifi.Screen refresh rate is low. Cant play YouTube videos on 60fps 1080.These 3 problems are there.Other wise tv is good.READ MORE,4.0
"they are just selling these TVs on lies only. They tols in the beginning that they will update them in Q4 2018 and it's Q4 2019 but, still nothing.READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best price and best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm writing this aft 6 month of usage... Display , connectivity everything is fine...value money.👍READ MORE",5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
very good product and  serviceREAD MORE,4.0
A great product 👌 of MiI am using it and feeling happy 😊READ MORE,5.0
"Budget TV,READ MORE",5.0
SuparREAD MORE,5.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
great product no doubt this was value for money i am using this t.v. since last 1 year no problem and Flipkart delivery was very goodREAD MORE,5.0
superb! must buy!READ MORE,5.0
Ok ok not fully smartREAD MORE,3.0
exalantREAD MORE,5.0
Low price good thingsREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Picture quality nice issue with Sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
good product . writing the review after two years . working well.READ MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good product at this price. Colour and sound quality is good. Value for money. Looking for a smart TV at low prices go for this one.READ MORE,4.0
DisplayREAD MORE,1.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best tv in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
very very good thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
nice to seeREAD MORE,5.0
Exilant good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not working properly. Have taken extended warranty for same provided by flipkart but it seems more like a con game because LED got shut down on 9th and they gave 14 th last date to resolve the issue but no one turned up neither any update was provided. It seems flipkart provides extended warranty to customer's keeping in mind that probably customer is not going to need it and they pocketed the money while when someone wants to use warranty they make a fool out of him.READ MORE,1.0
I buy this mi 4A tv so wrong feeling because I suggest you don't buy this tv mi 4A. 1 year is not completed and led tv screen show under line. buy any product but mi 4A tv don't buy.READ MORE,1.0
wow great display & sounds clearlyREAD MORE,5.0
pictures quality superbREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart and MI cheated customers saying Android update will be given in 2019. Till now no Android update and no hope on it. we thought Flipkart is trusted website but it is not.READ MORE,2.0
"When i bought it a year,  it was written that an update will come later for playstore support.  So far nothing.  Loading apps via usb is possible but you cant navigate the U. I properly.  You cant even search on Netflix and prime doesnt even work.  Very disappointed.READ MORE",3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice led as per cost and qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Worst TV. I bought this TV on Jan 2019 and it's not more than 10 months now and the service guy has replaced the TV motherboard 2 times. Very disappointed with this.READ MORE,1.0
ok not badREAD MORE,4.0
I am reviewing after 1year and 8 months of use. Still working fine. ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
"Youtube app doesn't work, other app also keeps hanging.READ MORE",1.0
Very poor product and Picture screen damage when one year completed.READ MORE,1.0
worst product and worst service of Mi.READ MORE,1.0
not a single problem till date nice productREAD MORE,5.0
"Cons:1.loading more than  4 mins for opening the  youtube app getting irritated. 2.I used lenovo k5 plus  to cast the tv screen. if some object  between tv and phone for example some person is standing or crossed, cast screen option was stopped. it is very worst.3.wifi is stopped often even can't play single song in youtubeREAD MORE",3.0
doREAD MORE,4.0
value for money good connectivityREAD MORE,4.0
Just speechless!READ MORE,5.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Flipkart and Team For instant Solve the problem for thanks.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
super goodREAD MORE,5.0
super 👌👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"The best thing about this TV is...it's budgettedit's have inbuilt chromecast, so to cast your android device you don't need to purchase anything (especially for Motorola phone.)READ MORE",4.0
GOOD TVREAD MORE,4.0
Absolutely going good from last one year...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
I'm writing this review after one year of purchase. Really bad experience with Flipkart and MI TV.  I recieved first TV with physical damage and I got replacement for damaged TV after long battle with Flipkart. My bad Replacement TV got damaged  with in  4 months. NO PROPER RESPOSE FROM FLIPKART and MIREAD MORE,1.0
A USELESS STUPID TV that has eventually stopped supporting even the basic smart features....READ MORE,1.0
Osam best in the market value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I'm writing this review after one year of purchase. Really bad experience with Flipkart and MI TV.  I recieved first TV with physical damage and I got replacement for damaged TV after long battle with Flipkart. My bad Replacement TV got damaged  with in  4 months. NO PROPER RESPOSE FROM FLIPKART and MIREAD MORE,1.0
A USELESS STUPID TV that has eventually stopped supporting even the basic smart features....READ MORE,1.0
Osam best in the market value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very good tvREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
VERY BADREAD MORE,2.0
good dealREAD MORE,3.0
USB not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Nice TV using from one year. Nice hardware nd nice deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Mi may have certain issue with Netflix so you cant watch Netflix over Mi.READ MORE,3.0
please dont buy any Xiaomi TV. promised Chromecast support in for old generation TV's in Q1 2019. till not received any update. even YouTube stoped working. its meaningless smart tv.. even new generation TV's have problem after some update. its truley Chinese company..avoid avoid avoid..READ MORE,1.0
Ok like TVREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent product...I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Fast delivery Thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
bakwas tvREAD MORE,1.0
nice product. using this from over a year ago. not any issues found. Awesome product by MIREAD MORE,5.0
good productsREAD MORE,5.0
Overall its a excellent tv under this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV !!!Value for Money!!Picture quality and sound quality is very good.READ MORE,5.0
echo soundingREAD MORE,4.0
smart tvREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
next updateREAD MORE,3.0
this is a real value for money..really happyREAD MORE,4.0
good ledREAD MORE,5.0
vry good quality and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
Speaker of this TV is not working.READ MORE,2.0
This is really smart tv.. at reasonable price and it's have good features alsoREAD MORE,5.0
niscREAD MORE,5.0
Mi Tv👌READ MORE,4.0
super MI lED TV....good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Very economical than othersREAD MORE,5.0
every thing nice except sound..READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
every thing nice except sound..READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good,productREAD MORE",3.0
very nice tv 43 inch in fare priceREAD MORE,5.0
super superREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product this amountREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
5 Stars for the product1 star for flipkartREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
"It says, all mi tv 4a will get android tv update with google play store and chromecast built-in in 2019, but did not got any updated for the same, neither from mi service nor from flipkart.READ MORE",1.0
very good value for manyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
AwsomeREAD MORE,4.0
very nice product by MiREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very nice LedREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nothing to say in praising... extraordinary tv in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
exllantREAD MORE,5.0
good product....READ MORE,5.0
bad qualityREAD MORE,1.0
A very decent product.READ MORE,4.0
good product....READ MORE,5.0
bad qualityREAD MORE,1.0
A very decent product.READ MORE,4.0
no problem at allREAD MORE,5.0
very good in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
best smart tv in this price range and design is completely in rich qualityREAD MORE,5.0
"Very Bad experience, i know we cannot expect more from a budget tv but trust me guys mi is fooling us. 3rd class picture quality average sound. poor connectivity. and the most important thing is tv dont have play Store, and after 4 months youtube stopped working.READ MORE",2.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
great at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very good product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
The product is really awesome.... Worth the moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ...READ MORE,5.0
"not giving the updates, even youtube also not working.READ MORE",1.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
awesome product no money wast productREAD MORE,5.0
not androidREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
not androidREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
An excellent product.READ MORE,5.0
avareg  tv   dont buy this product Update version 4a pro buyingREAD MORE,1.0
good quality in MI TV.. service is the best...READ MORE,4.0
value for money gud productREAD MORE,4.0
good one by price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice brand Got in BB days offers, thanks to Flipkart.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product with in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
best productsREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice product value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
It's best product all over India .you got real value of your money ......0 mentance within 2 years.........I love it.....READ MORE,5.0
Got Blot on my display in after just 13 Months of usage.Don't purchase MI ProductsREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It's best product all over India .you got real value of your money ......0 mentance within 2 years.........I love it.....READ MORE,5.0
Got Blot on my display in after just 13 Months of usage.Don't purchase MI ProductsREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"very nice, thanks to Flipkart and miREAD MORE",4.0
have been using it since many months ...it's worth the value..just go for itREAD MORE,5.0
super miREAD MORE,5.0
Chip and bestREAD MORE,5.0
after a year I have got motherboard problem not worth  itREAD MORE,3.0
Best Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
Value for Money. Used since July-2018.READ MORE,5.0
"after one year it's motherboard not working, when I connect to technician, he revealed that it cost of Rs 9,000/- .... haaa TV cost 12,000 and repair cost 9000READ MORE",2.0
Value for money. Good quality and fast shippingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money. Good quality and fast shippingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Right Option This Price Renge 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
super product low pricesREAD MORE,5.0
Worthy productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product by Xiaomi.READ MORE,5.0
it doesn't have vice assistant. but at this prize it's value for money product.READ MORE,4.0
The youtube app suddenly stopped working...Now I feel it is useless...READ MORE,1.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Merring not connectingREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.  Best tv in this price.READ MORE,5.0
be nice after a long time uses value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
worth for money.fully satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
Woww superREAD MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product working is goodREAD MORE,5.0
absolutely cheated by Flipkart as I bought this product as per the insurance given by Flipkart that it will be updated to Android TV but unfortunately no updates so far and I have seen so many complaints and people are still changing Flipkart on the MI tv company but there is no updates for them.the reason for writing the review so late is that I was also in a waitlist to get my TV updated from smart TV to Android TV but unfortunately nothing happened so please be aware before doing any purc...READ MORE,4.0
Very nice product.. By MI..READ MORE,4.0
Over it is a good product...READ MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
"Good product, I love MIREAD MORE",5.0
It so gud but sound is not betterREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
"Good product, I love MIREAD MORE",5.0
It so gud but sound is not betterREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect for the budget💯READ MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
awesome tv everREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good product and good clarityREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
worth for money nice budget productREAD MORE,5.0
ok but picture quality is dullREAD MORE,3.0
I love this product and I love the wireless display featureREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happy love very much flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
I am submitting this review after using this product for about 16 months. the product is working just fine. just that now the product is available at 45% lower than the Jun 2018 price.READ MORE,5.0
MI PRODUCT VERY GOODREAD MORE,4.0
This is very nice product. And value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product. excellent clarity. paisa vasoooooolREAD MORE,5.0
batter smartREAD MORE,5.0
Every 15 minutes struck and automatically restart itself.READ MORE,2.0
"Xiaomi made people fool by promising updates which never happened to sell this junk, Even other MI TVs suffer from poor software support. Bluetooth Audio keeps crackling and apps keeps crashing, Biggest mistake to buy MI TV, please buy Iffalcon TVs they are much better than MI TVs in all aspects and having bug free Android 9 PieREAD MORE",1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
great value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
Good TV. Enjoyed lot.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GdREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product..READ MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,3.0
no updatesREAD MORE,2.0
Value for money...READ MORE,5.0
Its a nice product at very reasonable price.READ MORE,5.0
YouTube not work in tvREAD MORE,1.0
Sound quality is perfect. Picture resolution not so good.READ MORE,3.0
best value for money 👌Thanks to FLIPKART 🙏READ MORE,5.0
picture quality goodsound quality goodgave 4 stars becoz of the patch wall OS other wise I would have given 5 starsREAD MORE,4.0
"YouTube is not working then it was not good for the users, always getting pop up like this which is irritating  ,previously it works fine.READ MORE",4.0
Osm products i am right Review after 10 month sound was good also bass and quality was superb.READ MORE,5.0
"Started supporting google apps now!!!! With the latest update to android on December 20, 2019.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
👌👌👌 Mi TVREAD MORE,5.0
good quality ledREAD MORE,5.0
Looks goodREAD MORE,4.0
Just goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Looks goodREAD MORE,4.0
Just goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
pictures quality issueREAD MORE,5.0
nice product from mi.READ MORE,5.0
best productsREAD MORE,4.0
Flipkart is awesome. The product delivered to me very very beautiful. Value for money. I am very very happy. Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
"Product Purchased on 10th Dec'18 but, still: 1. Did not upgrade to Android.2. Do not have an official source to download the apps.3. YouTube came along with TV would not work !!4. Screencast has significant lags5. Remote is significantly slow.Just a 43inch piece of electronic waste !READ MORE",1.0
Worst tv. Can't download apps. Apps doesn't work. impossible to find supporting apps. Miracast doesn't work properlyREAD MORE,1.0
abe TVREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
product is not good motherboard issue with in year and after that Jeeves extended warranty is disgusting too. don't buy..READ MORE,1.0
installation delay. but tv excellentREAD MORE,5.0
value for money.and nice product from Mi.READ MORE,5.0
"Even after 15 months i have not got a single update as promised by flipkart and xiaomi,its pathetic to see how these companies takes consumer for granted...if you can't provide service than dont claim to do so....READ MORE",1.0
nice picture and sound quality but wait for updated version is taking too long.also don't have playstore as wellREAD MORE,4.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
"Not much stuff to watch, initially it came with YouTube app preinstall now they have removed it.READ MORE",2.0
Not hdVery chip productsREAD MORE,2.0
good looking good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
"Value for money TV, It cannot compete with the Sonys and LGs but good for anyone on budget. Over all a good Product for an average TV viewer.READ MORE",4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
most horrible purchase ever mother board changed twice already spend 10k and still countingREAD MORE,1.0
Miracast hang so much. sound quality is average.READ MORE,4.0
Not goodREAD MORE,1.0
good product. best TV for low moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
play store is not installed.READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best out of bestREAD MORE,5.0
Youtube not workingREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Screen mirroring does not work properly. Sometimes it connects sometimes not. Pre installed YouTube is not working now. Mi is not added in devices list of YouTube. Not value for money as these basic things are missing.READ MORE,2.0
sounds quality is not clearREAD MORE,3.0
Good product in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,1.0
Nice tv thanks miREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
it's worked one year nicely but after that it's Screen hanging much. so don't buy this product.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
it's worked one year nicely but after that it's Screen hanging much. so don't buy this product.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwsomeREAD MORE,5.0
"panel complant - hence only working 18 months only,READ MORE",1.0
YouTube stopped working on this TV.READ MORE,3.0
awesome pictures qualityREAD MORE,5.0
amazing TvREAD MORE,5.0
This not pro TV..most of the app not working...READ MORE,1.0
Nice Smart T.VREAD MORE,5.0
overall good productREAD MORE,4.0
I like the price I like that me colour TVREAD MORE,5.0
Very advanced product.... loved itREAD MORE,5.0
good clarityREAD MORE,5.0
1year damaged tvREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
It was fineREAD MORE,4.0
it's awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,3.0
Value of money.Semi smart Tv.Improvement required in sound quality.READ MORE,4.0
supppr bat.....READ MORE,5.0
NYC productREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is good and value for money definitely. But,> No Android support> Removed YouTube app recently/reason unknown> Cannot download any Apps> Need to buy external fire sticks to use this tv full fledge as a smart tv> Only Hotstar is available as an inbuilt app> Sony LIV/ Zee5 are there but limited to few movies/serials/sportsREAD MORE",5.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
mobile connectivity very bad it's not a smart tv you can say full HD ledREAD MORE,1.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Worst experienceREAD MORE,1.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Have been using this TV for 18 months now. No issues at all. FantasticREAD MORE,4.0
Nice...READ MORE,5.0
satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
wouuu...verry nice...good  qualityREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best product when handle with careREAD MORE,4.0
very good superb tvREAD MORE,5.0
the tv deserves 5* not for the clarity or sound but the av port didn't after 6 months and mi did replace the tvREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Worth money  buyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Error Message : Youtube App is no longer supported for this device.Netflix/Prime Not available.Booting time is getting slow day by day. No proper updatesREAD MORE,2.0
products are very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Error Message : Youtube App is no longer supported for this device.Netflix/Prime Not available.Booting time is getting slow day by day. No proper updatesREAD MORE,2.0
products are very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money..using since a yearREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
for this price  it's goodREAD MORE,4.0
super tvREAD MORE,4.0
best till dateREAD MORE,4.0
Superb tv at low priceREAD MORE,5.0
good tv ndsound qulty is gudREAD MORE,5.0
Good picture quality. Nice tv in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
"I m using this product since Nov,2018 and I found this product is amazing......Not a single problem in this product.READ MORE",5.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Best and perfect product thanks MI and FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
somting goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best TvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
this is not a led tv. it's an LCD panel. so dont expect pic clarity too much.READ MORE,2.0
I'm so happy with this mi led tvREAD MORE,5.0
It's awesome....READ MORE,5.0
LED super 📺 display quality ❤😘sound 🔊 is best in short kam mai bam 💣 🔥💥READ MORE,5.0
good. product. niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good... worthful price..READ MORE,5.0
its really to good tv in my lifeREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
great tvREAD MORE,5.0
This Smart Tv Amazing best performance this price bater tvREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
The TV quality is good. Only the connectivity of external devices and WiFi is not fast. But its working fine only. Product is worth.READ MORE,5.0
YouTube is not working properly and it's unable to watch anything on it horrible product 😡😡😡READ MORE,1.0
awesomeREAD MORE,1.0
After google cast update it is worthREAD MORE,5.0
Worth For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
After 1st year I am just rating this... it's an very amazingbTv at this price range..READ MORE,5.0
simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
Worth For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
After 1st year I am just rating this... it's an very amazingbTv at this price range..READ MORE,5.0
simply superbREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Good one . I recommendREAD MORE,5.0
Good but not best...READ MORE,3.0
Very much satisfied...Must buy...Im writing this review after 6 mnths usingREAD MORE,5.0
smart tv works incredibalyREAD MORE,4.0
garbage no software update as promised (Mi tV 4 55 inch)READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Value of money productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
best product in this price... Worth it I loved it....READ MORE,5.0
super and goodREAD MORE,5.0
usom tvREAD MORE,5.0
nice display ?? superb sound ? very wellBut all apps not installingREAD MORE,5.0
This very good TV but TV is stolenREAD MORE,5.0
No playstore. No proper app support. Very avg picture quality. Avg sound too.READ MORE,1.0
nice display ?? superb sound ? very wellBut all apps not installingREAD MORE,5.0
This very good TV but TV is stolenREAD MORE,5.0
No playstore. No proper app support. Very avg picture quality. Avg sound too.READ MORE,1.0
tnqu flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product I ever purchased. I purchased this TV one yer ago and exactly after one year some lines started coming on screen even though I used this TV very carefully. At least it should have lasted for 3 years. I don't recommend this to any one.READ MORE,1.0
nice.. very side view problem but overall it's good.READ MORE,5.0
"I've purchased or six months back..Till now there is no issue..Sound was excellent, picture was good, Budget TV..Screen mirroring is somewhat slow.. which can be ignored by the above pros.READ MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
no issue with t. picture sound quality need more updates as promised by MIREAD MORE,4.0
desplay problumREAD MORE,1.0
it's best quality productssound picture this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. I had purchased it under offer and cost was around 18500 and now I feel its very good deal for this TV.READ MORE,5.0
fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
simply superb just go with itREAD MORE,5.0
Till working perfect.READ MORE,5.0
useless tvREAD MORE,1.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT BOSSREAD MORE,5.0
everything is perfect.but don't expect software updates.READ MORE,4.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Overall Tv is good but it faces some connectivity problem...READ MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Working great after 1 year of use only problem is that they don't provide wall mounting fittings with this tv for which you have to spend 300 to 400 extraREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
soundsis very lowREAD MORE,4.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
good product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Best deal you can expect in this amount.READ MORE,5.0
past 1 year I request 2 time to display problemREAD MORE,2.0
Picture quality is very good but there is some lack in sound qualitySound is not clearREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome TVREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
value for money.best TV for all compared tvs .best TV for low budgetREAD MORE,3.0
nice price valueREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
I took this TV in 2018. Got cheated that in 2019 this TV will get Android Play Store. But nothing has happened yet.READ MORE,2.0
nice price valueREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
I took this TV in 2018. Got cheated that in 2019 this TV will get Android Play Store. But nothing has happened yet.READ MORE,2.0
display not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
display not led lcdREAD MORE,3.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,4.0
All happiesREAD MORE,5.0
Thu funnyREAD MORE,4.0
good product.... niceREAD MORE,4.0
good one for this PriceREAD MORE,5.0
very gud tv in this range pic quality is 👌 superbREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome must buy.READ MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is awesome, Sound by 20w speaker is also up to mark. Facing minor issue while using miracast even with MI handset. All apps runs fine on it. I personally installed so many apps through aptoide tv. YouTube not run smoothly on it.READ MORE",5.0
Its an awesome TV with great service from flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
"From one week, I am facing colour destortion of TV. Half side showing one colour , other side showing different colour.READ MORE",3.0
"Must say ,it's a cheap product ,in cheap price...READ MORE",1.0
Good product.. value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very good delivary time & item is goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellent service till date.READ MORE,5.0
Good product and nice serviceREAD MORE,4.0
thanx Flipkart....thanx mi......READ MORE,4.0
best buy at Rs. 11000 to 11500READ MORE,5.0
"very good product, sound is best...READ MORE",3.0
Worst my TV stop working after  one yearREAD MORE,1.0
value for money..READ MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's an awesome LED T.V Pictures & Sound Quality is very Good. I got it @18890READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
It's an awesome LED T.V Pictures & Sound Quality is very Good. I got it @18890READ MORE,5.0
"The update to Patchwall has not been provided yet. Most apps have stopped working or are showing notifications that they'll soon upgrade to a version not supported by the TV. Hotstar was working and it has stopped now, Prime Video doesn't work already. YouTube is showing notifications. I'm regretting my purchase.READ MORE",2.0
review after 8 month of use #worstservice ever #badservice #norepairunderwarrenty even not pysical damage. #worst customercare #technicianwithout knowledge #not good color quality #wifi cinnectivty not good #westofmoneyREAD MORE,1.0
I'm using since one year... it is working fine and found the product is worth.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
Super nice TV good performanceREAD MORE,4.0
No words with this amount.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
average productREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
flip kart so nice applicationREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product super good legendary and price saving tvREAD MORE,5.0
Power savings rating for this TV is 2 star. So do keep that in mindYouTube app on this TV struggles to play 720p videoREAD MORE,3.0
just awesome value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice  mi led tvREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
just awesome value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice  mi led tvREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Don't by MI product it is not reliable products.READ MORE,1.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice smart TV 👌👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
wonderful soundREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good led in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
TV is nice but Remote is not best after some days it loses it's connection some times.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product in good rangeREAD MORE,5.0
VeryniceREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happy after getting this smart t.v..🤗READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good and Very NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Best of Best quality smart TV.READ MORE,5.0
mi tv is very niceREAD MORE,5.0
not okREAD MORE,4.0
ExcelentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
amazing...READ MORE,5.0
My Smart TV was within 14 months of inner part damage.READ MORE,1.0
great dealing with FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent tvREAD MORE,5.0
very best item n easy systemREAD MORE,3.0
verry bad quality from mi TV 4a poor material used from production and maintenance very hard verry high no long life my TV purchase date is 7/2018 and TV is date 8/2019 only 1 year life from this TV this is a pure Chinese productREAD MORE,1.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,4.0
very best item n easy systemREAD MORE,3.0
verry bad quality from mi TV 4a poor material used from production and maintenance very hard verry high no long life my TV purchase date is 7/2018 and TV is date 8/2019 only 1 year life from this TV this is a pure Chinese productREAD MORE,1.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Classy FeaturesREAD MORE,5.0
awsome 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
In LED coming black line Right top side after 30 days of purchased.READ MORE,2.0
very niceREAD MORE,3.0
Good 👌👍👍READ MORE,5.0
just wanted IREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
product quality is very nice in this buget must buyREAD MORE,5.0
"10 months of use. Full satisfaction. Picture, sound, connectivity all are very fine. No problem at all.READ MORE",5.0
Nice...!READ MORE,5.0
never purchase this. this is waste of money. if you are fool like me then purchase it.READ MORE,1.0
Excellent product at this price Successful one year completedREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very good mi ledREAD MORE,5.0
budget friendlyREAD MORE,4.0
Very. Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money.. Super Led🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗READ MORE,4.0
good TVREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
nycREAD MORE,3.0
thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
"Friends don't buy this tv still there is no update in android .We never ever used YouTube, Amazon prime, hotstar,etc etc there is no playstore 😡READ MORE",1.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
best productsREAD MORE,5.0
"it's smart tv running on Android but you can't install apps. very slow ui, fully filled with bloatware which can't be removed. Even included YouTube app support stopped by Google within 1 year.READ MORE",2.0
TV is good but not able to connect through phone and other devices.READ MORE,3.0
So amazing product thanks miREAD MORE,5.0
Best product in just 14k RsREAD MORE,5.0
lovely and very good productREAD MORE,5.0
"If watching any content using a pendrive,, the sound goes up down for different scene,, vocals are too low while the extra effects sounds gets raised,,, only while using pd,, rest is goodREAD MORE",5.0
Picture quality is lowREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tv.worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Delivery and installation was superb.Good product based on its price.The display clarity is fine but cannot be compared to Sony and other high end brands, the blacks are kind of grey.READ MORE",5.0
I love this product thank u MIamazing display and features in budget priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome ...best of In LED All features include and latest updated .READ MORE,5.0
good product.. ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
awosmeREAD MORE,5.0
"I'm Posting the Review after one year of use.1. Sound Quality : OK 3/52. Build : Good 4/53. Picture/Display Quality : 2/5 - When compared with other LED TV (Panasonic) picture quality and settings provided is not good.4. Remote : 2/5 - During my purchase, the remote was without mic and it makes very difficult to navigate through apps and search.READ MORE",2.0
very much for installationREAD MORE,4.0
Mi TV is good quality of picture mi all products are very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Bad product.After 9 month on display horizontal black line. and display as not clearly view.READ MORE,3.0
It’s goodREAD MORE,4.0
Mi tv is better than other brand TVs..but it's not get android pie update....this is major problem to buy..i hope these first generation TVs get updates as well as possible include to bluetooth support..READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
to goodREAD MORE,5.0
"After one month use its worst picture quality, pls dont buyREAD MORE",1.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
to goodREAD MORE,5.0
"After one month use its worst picture quality, pls dont buyREAD MORE",1.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
SupperREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
connectivity is slow otherwise it's okayREAD MORE,3.0
Super worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Sound very poorREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
ultimateREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
EXCELLENT GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
very good tv under this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Super seemaaaREAD MORE,5.0
good luck And good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
naic productREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome pruductREAD MORE,5.0
good luck And good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
naic productREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome pruductREAD MORE,5.0
product is good but istalation experience very eritate meREAD MORE,5.0
got repairs so many times but team is not responding properlyREAD MORE,1.0
I'm using since from 3 months. Good product @ best price.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent tvREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,3.0
valuableREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super......READ MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT PRODUCT BY  MI WITH LOW BUDGET AND AWESOME  FUNCTIONING........READ MORE,5.0
Very good 👍😊😊😊😊READ MORE,5.0
waste product one year panel poyadhiREAD MORE,3.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Process very slowlyREAD MORE,2.0
suparREAD MORE,5.0
defective product I don't adivice to buy...READ MORE,1.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Looks like a premium. Build quality is osm but I recommend 42 inch variant.READ MORE,5.0
Good TVREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very good picture QualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Super mi ledREAD MORE,5.0
Good mi TV and picturesREAD MORE,5.0
Very good performance.....READ MORE,4.0
Awesome product with very low price no issues I found in this product from last 7 months.READ MORE,5.0
"worst TV I ever saw in my life.maximum time ,TV remain in faulty condition.READ MORE",1.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very much cost effective product better to go with thisREAD MORE,5.0
more than 1.5 years passed. working perfectly fine.  superb product and total Paisa wasul TVREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
good product...READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
Very good product.READ MORE,4.0
good superREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productionREAD MORE,5.0
WastREAD MORE,1.0
At this price range most reliable TV ... No any issues from last 1 year. Thank you MI.READ MORE,5.0
very bad experience .black lines came on screen so return the order.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome i really happyREAD MORE,5.0
great tv value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good product..READ MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
your toll free customer care number not connected..i purchased m.i. led tv on 03.03.2019 and today it is not switch on..i called many times but not connected..very poor performance flipcartREAD MORE,2.0
TV quality screen and picture is really nice and sound is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
your toll free customer care number not connected..i purchased m.i. led tv on 03.03.2019 and today it is not switch on..i called many times but not connected..very poor performance flipcartREAD MORE,2.0
TV quality screen and picture is really nice and sound is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product 1 year UsedFast mobile conectedREAD MORE,5.0
this product very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Very good itemREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"every thing is fine,  sound is not clearly reach to hearREAD MORE",4.0
Worth for this money...It's very nice.....Installation person installed and gave stabilizer and collected 2000 rupees for this product...Good and best for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
best smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
wireless connection is not connected in my TVREAD MORE,3.0
good product but cost is more compare to marketREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Sound volume reduces over the timeREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product but remote control not good because it is bad quality.READ MORE,5.0
working best...loved itREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
Nice at these rangeREAD MORE,4.0
"hello guys,Please don't buy this product, This is very big mistake if anyone purchase this product, because i have done this mistake.from last 1 year, i have repaired 2 time with paid service.- Sound quality is very cheap.- display is not workingREAD MORE",1.0
item okREAD MORE,5.0
osomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
not goodREAD MORE,1.0
I love itREAD MORE,5.0
Worst product with in 1 year there was a big line in displayREAD MORE,1.0
Not Bad but not good or product.. its an average..READ MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
Good TV at cheapest priceREAD MORE,4.0
worth of costREAD MORE,4.0
it's good product with in budget..I brought this 32inches MI TV on march23 and I used five now I thought to provide review..I liked itREAD MORE,5.0
Using this product since last 10 months & its working fine.....READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
Using this product since last 10 months & its working fine.....READ MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
"After 1yr use I m going to give these words don't go for MI brand TV, other accessories of MI brand  as well. only 1 yr use, no sound is there( for the sound repair  the service center men replace the TV mother board that cost is 2999+GST(539)) , all color are gone, pictures look like ghost.total waste of money the same thing is happend with my uncle TV after 3 months use. don't go for this TV.READ MORE",1.0
excellent product everREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
worth the price . been using this for almost a year now .READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good in this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
tv on time is hurtingREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"very good smart TV, so many functions and apk download, quality according to your network, overall is goodREAD MORE",4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
overall good. but challenge may be in repairing related issues or service center. still TV performance is good.READ MORE,4.0
GOODREAD MORE,4.0
good TVREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
best TV no one can match at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice picREAD MORE,5.0
this product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best PurchaseREAD MORE,5.0
It was wall mounted at my home. And it's display found crack as we switched on in morning. MI Customer care said that it is out of warranty. It is damaged and we are sorry to repair under warrant. Still five months passed and faced this problem. I have huge lose. I am not satisfied with MI poor response.READ MORE,1.0
This device dont have any updates as well as its apps doesn't work properly the major problem is app gets crash before starting not even a single app supports this model i must tell to my colleagues relatives or friends not to buy mi products.READ MORE,1.0
damaged product receivedREAD MORE,1.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
"Picture quality is too good , sound is ok but if you thinking this is smart TV than you will have to disappointed. This is not sharing mobile screen with motorola phone. from other phone you have to install any app , wif-not wokes proper,READ MORE",3.0
good product but they collected extra money for installation... worst serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
good product but they collected extra money for installation... worst serviceREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Fantastic product from MI...! Best value for money..!READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good tv almost year complete.READ MORE,5.0
Very happy with TV.value for money.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"Very beautiful and clear picture quality. And sound is the only thing you are gonna love the most. It's a value for money product. For a small family,this 32 inch varient is best.READ MORE",5.0
Very smart and good value in moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome 👍👍😁READ MORE,5.0
worst part is installation otherwise good .READ MORE,4.0
poor tvREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super 😍READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
completed 1 year amd still this Tv Is as good as new.READ MORE,5.0
everything is nice but there is no playstore for downloading appsREAD MORE,5.0
"worth for money good quality, installation service was goodREAD MORE",4.0
good expensiveREAD MORE,4.0
still looking for itREAD MORE,4.0
it's the worst TV u can buy. please buy something elseREAD MORE,1.0
good okkREAD MORE,5.0
Don't buy. It wont last for even 1 yr also. I bought it an year before and it's LED started flickering. hardware quality is really poor. it's not value for money. just don't buy it.READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing products in low prizeSmart tv 📺 for smart customersREAD MORE,5.0
Blue tooth not availableREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
very nice clarity is superREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome smart tv at low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
best in classREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awsome smart tv at low budgetREAD MORE,5.0
best in classREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Buying this tv is equal to commiting suside dont buy this product,  dont waste your maney.READ MORE",1.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
it's good as expected. no problem found as of now. excellentREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SUPERREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
gud oneREAD MORE,5.0
awesome tv and value for money..READ MORE,4.0
Not crisp clear sound can be heard from this that's the only issue I have...READ MORE,4.0
good product thanks for mi & flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in this range all quality are unbelivableREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is good, but service from Jeeves is pathetic, so only 2 stars...READ MORE",2.0
I Am very disappointed for after five month use now start a problem in tv. Tv picture  flickering some timeREAD MORE,1.0
excellent qualityREAD MORE,5.0
good morREAD MORE,5.0
waste moneyREAD MORE,1.0
very bad product mi not given warranty so please I request to all not purchase mi productREAD MORE,1.0
"Awsome Quality, go for it...READ MORE",5.0
I have been using this TV from last  7 months.  Low brightness issue is still there even though after several setting were been changed.Experiencing sudden large sound in songs and Low voice during talkie part.READ MORE,3.0
product was really good ad more then what i expectedREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
1 year  complite  good  prodecteREAD MORE,5.0
"Smart TV is Good, on this BudgetREAD MORE",4.0
product is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.. I have using sice 1 year and even not single  complaint found... Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
I have purchased my first smart tv from flipkart. This Mi tv is very good for the money paid. i  am using it for last 3+ months.READ MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
thanks for filpkartREAD MORE,5.0
Thank you so much.READ MORE,5.0
no play storeREAD MORE,2.0
more than years experience..good product..value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Thank you so much.READ MORE,5.0
no play storeREAD MORE,2.0
more than years experience..good product..value for money.READ MORE,4.0
very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"everything is ok it have 2 USB port 1 earphone, 3 hdmi but there are nothing have any VGA port.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing...READ MORE,5.0
nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice product.READ MORE,5.0
Good and affordable smart TV.. really needed these days.Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
suparbREAD MORE,5.0
"tv was good but remote is too worst, it's doesn't have voice search, typing is so hard in remote.READ MORE",3.0
Accessing with apps and keyboard typing is too much slowerREAD MORE,3.0
really awesome tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Except for the promised android update, everything falls i to place.... Without the update it's just really painful to get all those apps on manually... The price is certainly not justified for a smart TV when u can get better options with android for much cheaper...READ MORE",1.0
good product for this amountREAD MORE,4.0
fab and awsmREAD MORE,5.0
cheap and best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,3.0
It is suitable our middle class familyREAD MORE,4.0
mast smart t.v with a convenient price thank u FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice bigger LED screen with very low price.Thanks to Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
"My profession is acoustic & sound proof, so I expecting more in sound quality but it's good.READ MORE",4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
High quality video with WiFiMedium quality video with even DTH HD Sound without much bass but satisfactorySlow connectivity with remote control during changing optionsoverall : Good for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product good quality but please install HD setup box it looks awesome 👌READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good led tv 43smart not fully smartREAD MORE,4.0
NOT GOODREAD MORE,1.0
Using it science january 2019 and it is working very good.READ MORE,5.0
Good led tv 43smart not fully smartREAD MORE,4.0
NOT GOODREAD MORE,1.0
Using it science january 2019 and it is working very good.READ MORE,5.0
worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very grateful praformasREAD MORE,5.0
Screen problem.READ MORE,1.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
badREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product highly recommendedREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
after six month sound is mistakeREAD MORE,3.0
very nice😊👌READ MORE,5.0
after 8 month facing problem. I want to suggest don't buy this product.READ MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
I bought this TV on 20feb and now on 5th August my TV display went blank. engineer. visited and cleaned karbon and it worked for one day and again same issue. engineer visited again but that time it worked itself and engineer dis t believe me that it happened again. now very next day same issue again happened. every time I have to log a fresh case and book slot with engineer.I am having bad experience.READ MORE,1.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,3.0
DON'T BUY ANY TV OF MI BRAND. AUDIO DOESN'T SUPPORT IN MOST OF THE MOVIES. SUBTITLES DOESN'T WORK. IF YOU APPROACH FOR MI THEY HAVE HECK LOTS OF FUSS AND PROPAGANDA IN VIEW TO GET THEIR SUPPORT. WASTE OF MONEY. PATHETIC BRAND AND PRODUCT.READ MORE,1.0
Bad productREAD MORE,1.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
good mi ledREAD MORE,5.0
excelentREAD MORE,5.0
Received on time. Delivery & Installation people were friendly and helped us to know the product. Value for money. Connectivity is lost sometimes. Remote does not go to each corner of TV while browsing prime video or netflix. Required a mouse to access each corner of TV.READ MORE,5.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
bsdREAD MORE,3.0
not better u can choose some thing elseREAD MORE,3.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
bsdREAD MORE,3.0
not better u can choose some thing elseREAD MORE,3.0
remote control is not comfortable to user accessREAD MORE,3.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Great product in this affordable price.READ MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
MI led smart TV was very good performance in the first 8 months  .now a problem facing power on time...very slow to wake up from power off mode.what will I do...any MI service center in Kerala for tv servicing. if any please add the number of them quickly...it has warranty.READ MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good product but flipkart delivery is too weak..READ MORE,5.0
speaker is not workingREAD MORE,1.0
iam 9 month s use display lineREAD MORE,5.0
Very very very bad facility no eny helpREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
sound quality is very poor and picture quality is also sometimes disturbingREAD MORE,3.0
"I am writing this review after 1 year of use, Don't buy the led by mi..they are facing mother board related problems I have changed it twice in a year...And they cannot withstand the fluctuations of electricity in India..so think before you buy itREAD MORE",2.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
very economy tvbest in patch wall osreally good 👍Android and voice control working fineREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
best tvREAD MORE,5.0
not 80cm only 74cm mi LED TVREAD MORE,4.0
Takes much time to boot. Sound is not good. application Support is not Good..READ MORE,3.0
HDMI IS NOT WORKING.When you go for cc camera .READ MORE,3.0
awesome product..love it..READ MORE,5.0
good and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
HDMI IS NOT WORKING.When you go for cc camera .READ MORE,3.0
awesome product..love it..READ MORE,5.0
good and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
i'm very happy....very nice smart tv in low budget...good sound picture quality...thnx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
awesome... Money worthREAD MORE,5.0
it is worth for this money.its almost a year I m using it.the only problem is that in this mi screening is only possible with mi or vivo mobileREAD MORE,5.0
yet to receive the Google update and play store as mentioned during promotion period.READ MORE,1.0
Tv of good quality but demo engineer not good. Not explain all detailsREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
OK PRODUCTREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Non android os. No speech recognition for easy search. Pay a bit more and go for the android version. Rest all good.READ MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good tvREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome led tv onREAD MORE,4.0
good tvREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome led tv onREAD MORE,4.0
It’s been 4 months I’m using the product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Super tvREAD MORE,5.0
great ...value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Tv For This Price ....READ MORE,5.0
"product quality is really very bad, don't purchase.READ MORE",1.0
installment team not comeREAD MORE,5.0
superb tv tqs to filpREAD MORE,4.0
Very Good TVREAD MORE,5.0
Performance is average and Im satisfied with that however I've felt a display issue within one year of purchase.This makes us feel sad at all the time.(See the display failure downward of the picture)READ MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Nice,.....READ MORE",5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
I'm using this item since last 18 months. No issues observed.READ MORE,5.0
Pathetic quality of hardware. Motherboard has gone bad within one year!READ MORE,1.0
If you want to compare it with known brands like sony and smsung then u are wrong. picture is little bit washed out. otherwise tv is good . using yhis model for the last 6monthsREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,3.0
Good Product One year completed till i didn't get any problemREAD MORE,4.0
sound picture quality is sooo goodREAD MORE,5.0
Superb productREAD MORE,5.0
"TV is good in this price.... Sound & picture quality is good.will have to buy rack seperately, it goes around 500-1500. One issue found since 1 yr, connectivity with mobile is too less. will have to keep mobile very close to tv.READ MORE",4.0
After 3 month from purchase writing this review.... seems it was very good product on this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
super TV and excellent and value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is very good product in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart is more useful online market for customer.they give a big huge satisfaction guarantee.tnxsREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
overall good productREAD MORE,4.0
overall a good product considering the price. The only negative point is processing is slow. while switching the channels it takes lot of time and sometime it redirect to home page.READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
overall a good product considering the price. The only negative point is processing is slow. while switching the channels it takes lot of time and sometime it redirect to home page.READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product and very gud clearity and sound.READ MORE,4.0
wow very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
This is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
one of the worst experience on Flipkartplease don't buy on FlipkarREAD MORE,1.0
Awesome TVREAD MORE,5.0
mi tv niceREAD MORE,5.0
With in one year it's okREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good mi led thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Best TV woawREAD MORE,5.0
inn..budget...READ MORE,5.0
v goodREAD MORE,5.0
very costly productREAD MORE,5.0
inn..budget...READ MORE,5.0
v goodREAD MORE,5.0
very costly productREAD MORE,5.0
not bafREAD MORE,3.0
looking good and awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money!!!READ MORE,5.0
worst...they doesn't gave the android upto nowREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
product is good but Xiomi should provide update for this product so that other features also appeared that most of smart TV containsREAD MORE,4.0
Nice tv in this budget ....READ MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Working Fine ; MI Smart TV really great HD Quality TV.Value for Money !!READ MORE,5.0
contrast ratio is very poor... cannot see dark scene... every thing goes black. same video I could see on my mobile clearlyREAD MORE,2.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
good quality better priceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice and lovely productREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money, good product for this priceREAD MORE",5.0
super product with less priceREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money, good product for this priceREAD MORE",5.0
super product with less priceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
my mi  led smart TV volume is not working goodplease look after the matter as soon as possibleREAD MORE,5.0
Good budget android TV. Working fineREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
good product ..it's good for home..mony value productREAD MORE,4.0
"worst picture quality, never think of purchase this mi tv, please  go for any other brand.READ MORE",1.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
It's a verygood product from mi in reasonable price .... Thank you ...READ MORE,5.0
Overall an amazing purchase at such a great price !! highly satisfied with the purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
Picture ok. Sound poor. Connectivity ok. But value of money.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
fast service I like itREAD MORE,4.0
Nice TV.READ MORE,5.0
super oneREAD MORE,4.0
not clear some negative shadow in night moviesREAD MORE,1.0
nice product thanks flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best Budget T.VReviewing after use of 1.5 yrs...All good no problem yet..Remote control size is compact and also a classy look..READ MORE,5.0
ExellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Awesome picture  and sound quality , value of the money productREAD MORE",4.0
no voice search option....READ MORE,4.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
EXCELLENT PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
good tv but worst remote buttonsREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent product Full paisa VasulREAD MORE,5.0
not a good productREAD MORE,1.0
mideamREAD MORE,1.0
this price range awosome and good condition mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good hd video qualityREAD MORE,5.0
best in classREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
last one year working fineREAD MORE,4.0
Not satisfiedREAD MORE,2.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
"very nice TV,,, better than Sony or SamsungREAD MORE",5.0
good at this price.READ MORE,5.0
Great product to buyREAD MORE,3.0
awesome masha ALLAHREAD MORE,5.0
ImpressiveREAD MORE,5.0
Best feature in very low price rate but i don't know how long it lastREAD MORE,4.0
movies from pen drive not playingREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice 👌 👌👌READ MORE,5.0
osm product as prizeREAD MORE,5.0
nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
good and niceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Mi brand pictures and sound are good but Display panel is very thin and poor quality. Same is damage due to poor quality product. I was purchased from this flipkart with extended warranty. But no warranty cover due to damage. And provide me approx repair cost estimate of Rs 17000. It is bad experience with mi brand TV.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice TVvalue for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
it's working fine.. good at this price range...READ MORE,4.0
best in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
picture quality is awesome.....READ MORE,5.0
Gud product...READ MORE,4.0
usb automatically remove after 30 minuteREAD MORE,4.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
MI Smart TV very good Quality pictureREAD MORE,5.0
mi tv very good productREAD MORE,5.0
TV was nt working nlyREAD MORE,1.0
Super qualityREAD MORE,4.0
worth buying.READ MORE,4.0
now my tv display damage blue line in display.... what a low quality product anyone  don't purchaseREAD MORE,1.0
deliciousREAD MORE,5.0
"There is no update for about YouTube ,hotstar,.READ MORE",1.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
very good pic quality..value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
dont compare with sony ... overall best in these prices.. cheaperREAD MORE,3.0
best ledREAD MORE,5.0
good quality in low price go with mi other than brandREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome qualityREAD MORE,4.0
pen toys stickREAD MORE,4.0
yes the tv is good and you can purchase it atmost 13000READ MORE,4.0
Nice okokREAD MORE,5.0
West TV display clarity bad and screen westREAD MORE,4.0
this product is awesome.. paisa vasool..READ MORE,5.0
Liked it. Good product. a bit expensive though.READ MORE,5.0
Good Tv.. For bachelor its very good.. Every things is good no issue till now NO issue observed since 8 months. #THANKS MI AND FLIPCARTREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Liked it. Good product. a bit expensive though.READ MORE,5.0
Good Tv.. For bachelor its very good.. Every things is good no issue till now NO issue observed since 8 months. #THANKS MI AND FLIPCARTREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Reviewing after using an Year - its very good TV - HD channels are coming very good.READ MORE,4.0
Good Product in BudgetREAD MORE,5.0
i purchased on March end..but now working fine... worth for money...READ MORE,5.0
Great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality not goodREAD MORE,2.0
Good tv at this price.READ MORE,5.0
awsm..LED...READ MORE,5.0
Very good tb.. Must buyREAD MORE,5.0
very bad experinceREAD MORE,2.0
valuable productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
really good led tvREAD MORE,5.0
superb is only word in this Price.READ MORE,5.0
still now i am using this but no error is displayed even by the remote also...READ MORE,5.0
Cant connect to ComputerREAD MORE,1.0
I am like youREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
value for money.READ MORE,5.0
some bugs are presentREAD MORE,4.0
great jobREAD MORE,5.0
When will get android update and built in chrome castREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Was a bit worried that can my mom use it easily as its android tv ? but the OS is so simple and user friendly that anybody can use it. The picture quality is very good. Can play Full HD 1080 videos. It has come inbuilt android apps like youtube and video players, you can also add more apps u wanted. The sound is very Clear. It has internal storage of 8 gb out of which about 5gb is useable. so u can store ur favourite movies, videos and songs offline. It comes with miracast feature by which u ...READ MORE",5.0
Mi niceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"Was a bit worried that can my mom use it easily as its android tv ? but the OS is so simple and user friendly that anybody can use it. The picture quality is very good. Can play Full HD 1080 videos. It has come inbuilt android apps like youtube and video players, you can also add more apps u wanted. The sound is very Clear. It has internal storage of 8 gb out of which about 5gb is useable. so u can store ur favourite movies, videos and songs offline. It comes with miracast feature by which u ...READ MORE",5.0
Mi niceREAD MORE,5.0
great product but installation service is very worseREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
sounds quality superb ... Nd best TV for this price 😄READ MORE,5.0
very good product for low costREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product in television it is 2 smart as a brand new smartphoneREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
"very good ,best qualityREAD MORE",5.0
superb and awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
pitcher quality need to improveREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
very bad product dont buyREAD MORE,2.0
Amezing productREAD MORE,5.0
"best in design, sound, picture quality & the connectivity feature is just awesomeREAD MORE",4.0
Its a very good quality product from xiomi....READ MORE,4.0
Great value for money. Good tv at this budgetREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ... Both MI & FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good roductREAD MORE,3.0
nice n good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good. Can't expect more for that priceREAD MORE,5.0
"mi tv 43 "" very goodREAD MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV in budget with nice sound and picture quality...READ MORE,5.0
really too good.i m so happy for FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV in budget with nice sound and picture quality...READ MORE,5.0
really too good.i m so happy for FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
good lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money but connectivity is lessREAD MORE,5.0
FabulousREAD MORE,5.0
Cheap and best buy and far better than Sony and LG.READ MORE,5.0
as of now it is good.READ MORE,4.0
very useful product. picture and sound quality very niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice peace in lower priceREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good performance I am satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
value for money. sound cam be betterREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. Go for it. Thank you Flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
SuperbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbbbREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
It's AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
MustREAD MORE,5.0
TV features are very fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
vry good tvREAD MORE,5.0
very nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Excellent tv in lowest price ,,,  i am happyREAD MORE",5.0
Good not bestREAD MORE,5.0
Something all is well . good product some moneyREAD MORE,5.0
really smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
super dupper 32 inch tv in this price is awesome with sound qualityREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
"I am giving this comment after one year. My TV is completed for just one year and as a result, this product is out of warranty. But now, I am facing a big problem. There is a few strips of lines on the display of the TV screen. The company is producing this TV in such a way that just after one year it will defect and that's why the price of the product is very cheap so that the extra money will be used for repairing this item. They are making fool by selling this TV in low price. So, as a buy...READ MORE",1.0
I'm not satisfyREAD MORE,2.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice and good product lovelyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
loved it😘😘😍😍😍READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"awesome product, awesome qualityREAD MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ReliableREAD MORE,4.0
Good Product 👍READ MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
ReliableREAD MORE,4.0
Good Product 👍READ MORE,3.0
The Mi TV 4a 43 inches is excellent product.READ MORE,5.0
"Good, 4K, performance is good, gaming performance average, Slim designREAD MORE",5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good👍READ MORE,5.0
After 8 months black spots on display and  two under line in middle display  i was  call mi sarvice center his was ask engineers we come home se repaired but engineers is not coming don't buy this product because no repairREAD MORE,1.0
Good job miREAD MORE,4.0
veri good productREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect.READ MORE,4.0
Worth for money spentREAD MORE,5.0
awesome quality with low priceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Got Repaired three times in a year, two times got repaired in Warranty, Third time warranty is over. TV scrappedREAD MORE",4.0
I like this specficationREAD MORE,4.0
looking so good and niceREAD MORE,5.0
good product nice pic qualityREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
Super quality Excellent feature'sREAD MORE,5.0
very nice..READ MORE,5.0
"After 11 months of usage (used very often) the top of the screen got completely black and need to service. (earlier, with in 3 months, the screen got black dots and got repaired. now again with 1/4th  of the screen is black. After the warranty period if it happens... ???I think I have received the defective product. This is the first time I am facing the problem from Flipkart and very much disappointed.I have requested for replacement, the customer care office refused that it is out of po...READ MORE",1.0
Best tv in this price range. Only one thing i felt that black color is not that much satisfactory.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good quality picture...sound awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
can't get such quality and features at lowest price from any other brandREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
all futures are goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice TvREAD MORE,5.0
Keka TV no doubt buy it frstREAD MORE,5.0
Nice producREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Mi rocks as it always do.... wonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
is has good quality but has  no vga connectionREAD MORE,4.0
best product.READ MORE,5.0
Mi rocks as it always do.... wonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
is has good quality but has  no vga connectionREAD MORE,4.0
best product.READ MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Works flawlessly for me and without any issues....READ MORE,5.0
Very good product with this price very stasfiedREAD MORE,5.0
"It has been worse 2 times so far. Because of the power crisis, even when it is closed.In 6 months onlyREAD MORE",1.0
WorstREAD MORE,1.0
value for money but haven't received the update that was promisedREAD MORE,4.0
been using this TV for almost 7 months now..picture quality is goodsound quality is goodvalue for money is excellent...READ MORE,5.0
waste of money don't buy this it's not a android os for the same price you'll get better product with Android functionsREAD MORE,2.0
"Its a value for money at 12999. its similar like we are MI phone instead of expensive samsung, iphone, etc. Overall good product.READ MORE",5.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
super tv and Flipkart serviceREAD MORE,5.0
There was no option for direct YouTube.READ MORE,2.0
Good...READ MORE,4.0
awesome product at this price.READ MORE,5.0
"very nice smart tv,READ MORE",5.0
no android update till yet from xiomipicture: black colour quality is not goodsound is perfectwifi connectivity is greatbest tv in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
overall goodREAD MORE,5.0
bast tv and value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Happy with the product..READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
excellent product at this price range...READ MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.. But no software updatesREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
please improve picture quality and sound quality. if company increases little more price for TV of this range. I would be 1st to advertise this product due to picture quality and sound quality.READ MORE,3.0
Very nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
marvelous productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Just awsm ????????READ MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
worth itREAD MORE,4.0
it's a 2 star power tvREAD MORE,4.0
Sound problemREAD MORE,1.0
It is a budget tv 📺 quite goodREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfactoryREAD MORE,4.0
good product !READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
its glass display is very very light.  we have to be very careful with thiny thing throw on it. my one got damaged with a small thing within monthsREAD MORE,1.0
nice product working fineREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice tv 📺 thanks MIREAD MORE,3.0
"very thing is good, I have purchased this TV one year back no issues facedREAD MORE",5.0
perfect low budget television for anyoneREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
"very thing is good, I have purchased this TV one year back no issues facedREAD MORE",5.0
perfect low budget television for anyoneREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome Quality. Value for MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
it's not up to the markbut value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful & superb televisionREAD MORE,4.0
Best Television under this priceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
"It's a marvelous gadget whatever d critics say. I'm totally blown away with its performance. But there's 1 thing I want to discuss. It should start from where it was left off. Usually it takes u 2 d home page from where I have 2 guide through options with remote control (which is fi9 by me but difficult 4 elderly people who r actual user in my home) to reach desired channel or mode. Apart 4m this ""PERFECT""👌👍READ MORE",5.0
very poor and bad product..READ MORE,5.0
"awesome products Iam reviewing this TV after using of 4 months, sound and pictures quality is very good.value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
happyREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product but picture quality not goodREAD MORE,3.0
excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
It's a very good television at 21K.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
It's a very good television at 21K.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Technician take too much time to install we have to call them many timesREAD MORE,4.0
Very good one in this range..sound is nicePicture quality is also goodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Good to take in this budget. Not full HD. Supports till 720pREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Why the hell is my TV got 2star stickerwhile others have uploaded pic with 3 starREAD MORE,4.0
so niceREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
"nice remote shape, panel is ok quality, not good, and not at all great, sound is good enough...READ MORE",5.0
smart tv but not smart workREAD MORE,3.0
super tvREAD MORE,5.0
good product.. volue for mony..READ MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
led is good picture quality and sound. installation charge extra 400. very poor installation service.led remote battery extra charge and loses  battery given.READ MORE,5.0
nice purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
Best TV and Best priceREAD MORE,4.0
no Bluetooth connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome tv value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
I am personally happy after 1yr use...READ MORE,5.0
Average product. Going good currently but I little worried about its life.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome product by MI and awesome service by FlipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product. Absolutely satisfied.READ MORE,5.0
perfectREAD MORE,5.0
"Good Quality & Android Working Good, Screen Sharp QualityREAD MORE",5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
mi best led tv price is amazing and productREAD MORE,5.0
nice oneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
mi best led tv price is amazing and productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent Product from XiomiREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
"Wonderful TV frnds, value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
happy with product n aslo serviceREAD MORE,5.0
No bluetooth connectivityREAD MORE,2.0
It's a good productREAD MORE,4.0
good product...READ MORE,4.0
line on tv ...READ MORE,5.0
good supperREAD MORE,5.0
ok productsREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good product...READ MORE,5.0
wonderful productREAD MORE,5.0
"After 6 moths of usage, I can say till date no botheration. working absolutely well.READ MORE",4.0
Good product at reasonable rates .........👍👍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
best ledREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
"thank u flip cart,also Mi TV very good brandREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
nice too allREAD MORE,5.0
1.sound Quality good2.picture Quality good3.HD channels goodREAD MORE,4.0
Weak partsREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
wast productREAD MORE,1.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
best👌👌👌READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is not best and average productREAD MORE,3.0
best productREAD MORE,4.0
the screen quality is good and sound quality is far better than other tv in this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Don't go for this as I have experience Screen issue like when playing videos it's getting stuck and sound quality issue very patheticREAD MORE,1.0
good product as per its valueREAD MORE,5.0
Everything good except OS not supporting Play store..MI please fix this bug in ur next software update patchREAD MORE,4.0
"Super product,thank you MI and Flipkart.I am using it more than 2years and i brought it for 20K.READ MORE",5.0
Vallu for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Gud productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Very good product value for money nice picture smart tv connect with phoneREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice T.V value for money..READ MORE,5.0
overall it was a good experience....but the worst part was the installation processREAD MORE,3.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent !!!!!!READ MORE,5.0
it's niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
satisfied with MI products go for it Best under same priceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product....READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
Wifi connectivity OK but online to play YouTube not bad slow so need someone update faster in mitv4aREAD MORE,5.0
averageREAD MORE,4.0
Good product  connection problem with miracast still waiting for Android  update as per flipkart commitment...READ MORE,5.0
good proudectREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good itemREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
"I purchased mi TV 43 inches  in Flipkart good picture quality, after using 6 months I am giving feedbackREAD MORE",4.0
loved itREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
clartiy 5*sound 3.5*Some USB -video 's- audio not support that need help from MIREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome qualityREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good itemREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money.. Best productREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money very basic android TV picture quality average,connectivity averageREAD MORE",3.0
TV is excellent very good product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money very basic android TV picture quality average,connectivity averageREAD MORE",3.0
TV is excellent very good product thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
"Mirroring only possible with Mi phone,everyday need to factory reset the Mi TV to connect with DTHNever go for itREAD MORE",1.0
good one.  worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
OsumREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Mother board of TV has issuesREAD MORE,3.0
superb tvREAD MORE,4.0
osam productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
it's value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Amazing productREAD MORE,5.0
very worst mi and flibcart  u cheating people.READ MORE,1.0
Perfect product for LED smart TVREAD MORE,4.0
Affordable price tvREAD MORE,4.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"am purchased these product for 11k, at that price it was goodREAD MORE",4.0
good tv in low priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,4.0
Verry goodREAD MORE,5.0
too good product .can purchase .READ MORE,5.0
smart tv niceREAD MORE,5.0
No words to say about this smart TV.......... superb everythingREAD MORE,5.0
nice 📺 TVREAD MORE,5.0
smart tv niceREAD MORE,5.0
No words to say about this smart TV.......... superb everythingREAD MORE,5.0
nice 📺 TVREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality in little money🤑💸💵💴💶💰💳READ MORE,4.0
Display is goodREAD MORE,5.0
demo installation not till timeREAD MORE,1.0
I am satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
tv is actually awesome but the installation service is just pathetic and worst ever. the technician didnt knew his job well and hanged the tv tilted on one side .we have to install tv on our own.READ MORE,3.0
really superb and foot very much liked itREAD MORE,5.0
good smart led tvREAD MORE,5.0
spr vry proudutREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"writing this review after 15 months of use,  There is Sound problem with this tv,  from past  few days sound is getting muted with out any reason and I'm unable to get the sound....READ MORE",3.0
good as affordable priceREAD MORE,3.0
GoogREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"I am writing this review after using this TV for 5 Months .....gud smart TV at this price, picture quality is not very good, sound quality good, connectivity good,  installation service was good.READ MORE",4.0
"considering the money, product is fine. but sound quality is not too good. it is ok ok.READ MORE",3.0
nice 1READ MORE,4.0
Best tv. I like it.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very good buy at this mere price.. picture quality is good..only issue is with mira cast cannot connect my nokia devices with mira cast..so keep that in mind..mi devices canbe connected very smoothly.overall its a nice productREAD MORE,4.0
SATISFIED.....READ MORE,5.0
mi led tv is best tvREAD MORE,5.0
I used this LED from last 4 month that's a good ledREAD MORE,5.0
USB DVD not connected  very bad productREAD MORE,2.0
Very good smartREAD MORE,5.0
nice product goodREAD MORE,5.0
Little lack in online features... Best in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
"Using from 8 months and in love with this.At this price, it is completely worth buying.READ MORE",5.0
"best is to by brand TV like samsung , Sony because brand is brand non of other TV can't compete with branded TV in picture qualityREAD MORE",2.0
Product is good but I gave 3 stars because I am still waiting for the android update which you specifically mentioned that will be soon provided. have been 6 months since I bought the TV but there has been nothing about the update.READ MORE,4.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
loved itREAD MORE,5.0
good performance........quick delivery and installation and demo service is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
Display ist awesome sound quality is not too goodoverall nice product this price must buy productREAD MORE,5.0
No patch wall update till dateREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
OWS thank you Flipkart and miREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
best tv in best priceREAD MORE,5.0
Good one.. running successfully...  but wall mount clamp quality is poor..READ MORE,4.0
Best picture quality in this price range..READ MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product?READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
picture and sound not up to the markREAD MORE,3.0
Great TV absolutely worth the money. Value buyREAD MORE,5.0
FineREAD MORE,5.0
I NEED INVOICE MY THIS PRODUCTREAD MORE,1.0
very good product but I'm little bit unhappy because Mi TV not give us any updatesREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Have this since oct 2018. Excellent product with good price. No problems at all and picture resolution is amazing.Worth every penny for this.READ MORE,5.0
osm productREAD MORE,5.0
I  used this product and after seven month on screen same lines visibleREAD MORE,1.0
Have this since oct 2018. Excellent product with good price. No problems at all and picture resolution is amazing.Worth every penny for this.READ MORE,5.0
osm productREAD MORE,5.0
I  used this product and after seven month on screen same lines visibleREAD MORE,1.0
fully smart LED tv...READ MORE,4.0
it's vry gudREAD MORE,5.0
picture quality is awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
MI tv is awesome..low cost high value...smart mirroring option is highlighted..good quality.. worth for the money...best to buyREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv price this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Great and cheapest priceREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product. Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
"awesome LED TV , unbelievable price, fantastic featuresREAD MORE",5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
avarageREAD MORE,5.0
Very niceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good as per price but jio app will not workREAD MORE,3.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
super product.....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ProductNow this TV became ultra hd with a help of Fire TV stick.It's amazing.......READ MORE,5.0
worked well for 1 year.  no complaints. now it gets restarted automatically wch is v disappointingREAD MORE,5.0
Superb TV with lots of featureaREAD MORE,5.0
Pathetic product ever don’t waste your money on this productREAD MORE,1.0
Best TV is Price. Good quality.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome looking sounds superREAD MORE,5.0
Very good for this amount & picture quality is perfect..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product from MIREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome looking sounds superREAD MORE,5.0
Very good for this amount & picture quality is perfect..READ MORE,5.0
Awesome product from MIREAD MORE,4.0
Supereb sound quality is good wifi connection fastREAD MORE,5.0
super tvhigh soundREAD MORE,4.0
tv is goodREAD MORE,4.0
its really goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice tbREAD MORE,4.0
Good product value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,4.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
screen mirroring is not properly work otherwise gud product value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Worst quality not worth dont buyREAD MORE,1.0
Low budgetREAD MORE,4.0
awasome productREAD MORE,5.0
"Love Mi. Rock again and that not in phone, in TVREAD MORE",5.0
TV is so good value for money but the installation boy was so rude not behaved properlyREAD MORE,3.0
very good product I'm very happy with itREAD MORE,4.0
best voicebest screenbest lookbest colourbest best the bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
mi is a best tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice 👌READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product..no problem..internet connectivity is also so much good...READ MORE,5.0
Its Value for Money. Can’t complain about anything however the interface could be smoother. 5/5 from my side. 😻READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,4.0
Nice picture & voice quality 😊READ MORE,4.0
over all good product.READ MORE,3.0
picture quality is awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Superb 👌👌👌😁love it.and most lovable thing is eye protection option.😀READ MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Superb 👌👌👌😁love it.and most lovable thing is eye protection option.😀READ MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
good quality productREAD MORE,4.0
This Product very good i m use this product  last 6 month. clarity super.READ MORE,5.0
"good one . value for money,but he don't provide wall mount accessories, you have to purchase it Rs. 399READ MORE",4.0
Value for money.READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Superb TV awesome 🌟 🌟 🌟 smart miREAD MORE,4.0
nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
The product is really awesome.  worthy in this budget.  the sound clarity is very good.  The connectivity is also very quick without any lag.  the only disadvantage is no bluetooth.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome....READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Most wonderfull product , must buyREAD MORE",5.0
good enoughREAD MORE,3.0
just an awesome oneREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money, performance are good since 6 monthsREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
just an awesome oneREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money, performance are good since 6 monthsREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Good picture quality & features. we are satisfied with the productREAD MORE,5.0
vary good productREAD MORE,5.0
"I reviewing after one year, upto this product is very best, service is also best.... I suggest to any one please purchase this product in small price...READ MORE",5.0
awesome tvREAD MORE,5.0
Good productsREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
I have bought this TV on December 2018  and it's been working perfectly without any issues.but after six months there is problem with display.it is not functioning properly when the TV gets switched on.after some time then the display working as usual.READ MORE,2.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
good service thanks for filpkart iREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Pitchers quality is very bad don't buy this TVREAD MORE,3.0
product is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Overall fine till nowREAD MORE,5.0
everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
product is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Overall fine till nowREAD MORE,5.0
everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productsREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
A good product at a reasonable price .READ MORE,3.0
Very Good product....READ MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,4.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Ok worthREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good thank you for flip cartREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product..READ MORE,5.0
nice product with gud featuresREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv thanks sasurjiREAD MORE,5.0
good product from mi.. on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
super product &good workingREAD MORE,4.0
Smart TV Android TvREAD MORE,3.0
jitender not good behabiyar.this is very bed instalation boy.when he came not copret miREAD MORE,1.0
product is also good.READ MORE,4.0
very bad item and remote also not working properlyREAD MORE,1.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
within 3 months ran into mother board issue....no good value for moneyREAD MORE,2.0
awesome TV low cost full enjoyREAD MORE,4.0
previously it was 3 star service for power now it is 2 starREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
mi and flipkart are greatREAD MORE,5.0
this TV is very excellent...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good at this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome thanks flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product.READ MORE,5.0
overall I like the product and was satisfied with the service . thanks .READ MORE,4.0
Best product everREAD MORE,5.0
Good product.. Fast delivery by flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV in affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
superb tv.. value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Liked your service and the tv is niceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice  productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
This product is worth for the price. can install additional applications from aptoid TV and can enjoy all the programs. can also stream videos by using  different applications.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"best sound quality , good productsREAD MORE",4.0
good and value for money tanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice LEDREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Well productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,5.0
Super tv value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Well productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product...READ MORE,5.0
Super tv value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good one at this price. Also picture quality lags some time overall it's an ok productREAD MORE,4.0
"very nice product, value for money, thanks FlipkartREAD MORE",5.0
very nice sound and clear pictureREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Great TV for this price..READ MORE,5.0
super prodect to moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good performance but future any hope good performanceREAD MORE,5.0
The purchase was good but they charged extra for Installation.READ MORE,4.0
excellent performanceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
we like itREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
the best companies is .mi tu 4aREAD MORE,5.0
Its been 7 months and TV is showing issues. There are frequent screen blinks and remote keeps going dead.READ MORE,3.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
perfect tvREAD MORE,4.0
picture quality is superrbb as well as sound quality but the connectivity is poorREAD MORE,4.0
Worth buyingREAD MORE,5.0
Led is good  installation service is lateREAD MORE,3.0
Super tv but sound quality is not that goodREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
value for money televisionREAD MORE,3.0
nice product and very awesome flipkart service.READ MORE,5.0
"value for money. youtube, hotstar app working very good. Jio tv, jio cinema also can run. video clearity nice.READ MORE",4.0
"The TV screen keeps flickering and the video is never stable as compared to other TV's.the price is low, but the quality is not even decent.READ MORE",1.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
it is very cheap and good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
bad experience clearly of screen very badREAD MORE,1.0
super clarity don't keep any doubt Go for thisREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good purchase at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality TV but only problem is with the speakers. Doesn’t feel good enough when compared to other features of the TV. Overall good.READ MORE,5.0
Wow this tv is very good and sound quLity was osm but only cast is bad qualityREAD MORE,4.0
I like the product very muchREAD MORE,5.0
not good very bad product when it starts continous vlibk screen is comming so you will not going to another features and continues seeing blinkingREAD MORE,1.0
good tv in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
simply awesome but mirror function not working properlyREAD MORE,4.0
Extraordinary Tv.. Extremely Happy..READ MORE,5.0
It'ss a best smart TV in this range. Good picture qualityREAD MORE,4.0
nice display qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Nice...READ MORE,4.0
Superb tvREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"This is value for money. Sound quality stands out being excellent. Picture quality is OK. Installation was poorly coordinated, took about 10 days more than the promised dateREAD MORE",4.0
It's awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very good tv. complete satisfactionREAD MORE,5.0
superb and good picture quality full hdREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
awesome picture & sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice product very good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
Very good product thanks miREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Quality and other features are OK Flipkart and MI Tv mention that all TV will get chromcast update in first quarter of 2019.it is already  2nd quarter finished and no update from MI.READ MORE,4.0
super duperREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv but it's not a android tvREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent delivery...    Good working conditionREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOME......  SUPER...... MIND-BLOWING....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
AWESOME......  SUPER...... MIND-BLOWING....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
The demonstration of tv is too good and after 10 month I was faced the some trouble in my mi tv but when I call to customer care of mi my problem is sought out within a day means the its paisa vasul deal with mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
No software updates and no app support!READ MORE,1.0
really goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice tv.... worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
nice productvery good  sound qualitydisplay is on gray shade in side of blackREAD MORE,4.0
AverageREAD MORE,4.0
"Buying MI products is at our own risk. I bought MI TV 4A 43"" in the month December 2018 through Flipkart. It stop working 4th June 2019. The MI customer care number not working. Don't know what to do next?Very bad product and no one is there to provide support.READ MORE",1.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
chief and bestREAD MORE,5.0
"don't think too much, just buy it.READ MORE",4.0
tremendous TV.READ MORE,5.0
AwesomREAD MORE,5.0
product is good installation freeREAD MORE,4.0
display is not high quality it is normal view to show the 3d picture alsoREAD MORE,3.0
it's not an android tv ..don't purchase itREAD MORE,1.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Best at its priceREAD MORE,4.0
Worth of money..READ MORE,5.0
The best tv everREAD MORE,5.0
Owsm product in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
just wowREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
TV is very good  but the sarvis is very very bed .READ MORE,5.0
The product was very good but the installation person was very bad.READ MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
awesome TV ....sound is extraordinary no need to purchase any sound box or speakerspicture quality also awesomeMI is the best  ......READ MORE,5.0
So nice product in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
best in the range with features. value for money. Issue with mirror cast as Motorola phones do not get connected with mi TV.READ MORE,5.0
Its a fabulous for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
not supported high definition videos (720p or 1080p)READ MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
loved it..READ MORE,4.0
super 👌READ MORE,5.0
it was suck i am unable to connect my pc ... thrugh  HDMI . facing a problem with HDMI PORT . OTHERVISE ITS GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,1.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
first thing this the best in this Price range.but if you don't have mi phone you cannot cast your mobile to the tv. only mi phone supported. sound is also good. picture clarity is also good. 720p display is nice. if your budget is near 10000 to 12000 it is the fair choice. now delivery by flipkart . 00000000% satisfied. very annoying people . worst than worst. I pickup from courier office. courier boy said your area is not in our range . otherwise all ok.READ MORE,5.0
I am so happy ??? to this productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
"people who bought this Tv in 2018 were assured that we will be updated android oreo 8.1 with Google play and built in chromecast support by early 2019, Its June 3, 2019 already. There's not a single update available yet. Such a disgrace for a company like MI for not providing what they promised.READ MORE",1.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Good picture quality, sound also not bad. only HD channels are good. Total built quality is good.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
ok goodREAD MORE,4.0
super product.  thanks miREAD MORE,5.0
Super product i have never seen product in priceREAD MORE,5.0
super polichuREAD MORE,5.0
technical problems in just 6 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
Very Good Product .READ MORE,5.0
super polichuREAD MORE,5.0
technical problems in just 6 monthsREAD MORE,1.0
Very Good Product .READ MORE,5.0
"Review after one year of purchase , software giving trouble for start up tvREAD MORE",3.0
Very nice product.but your installation service lowREAD MORE,5.0
"quality product, value for money delivered on timeREAD MORE",4.0
Good quality plus affordable price with killer specification...awsome productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very Good Product Thanks For MiREAD MORE,4.0
"poor picture Clarity,   My review 2.8/5READ MORE",3.0
product was nice....READ MORE,4.0
"superb result, Connectivity problem occurs sometimesREAD MORE",4.0
good jobREAD MORE,5.0
mi is superb brand..READ MORE,5.0
Best tvREAD MORE,5.0
Satisfied product.READ MORE,4.0
Awesome👏✊👍 productREAD MORE,4.0
1year passed still great performance.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome👏✊👍 productREAD MORE,4.0
1year passed still great performance.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
good miREAD MORE,4.0
nice working and good product and good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Value for MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
This will definitely cause pain for you once the expectation over. Worst YouTube app not supporting after a whileREAD MORE,2.0
.good ...READ MORE,4.0
"good TV,READ MORE",5.0
I am using from one month. It’s good.READ MORE,5.0
BadREAD MORE,1.0
picture and sound quality is just awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
"best TV value for money,READ MORE",4.0
Awesome product.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome ProductREAD MORE,5.0
over all goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Review after 1 year of usage. Sometimes screen doesn't respond and screen also flickers on some occasions. Could be a software or some hardware issue.READ MORE,4.0
Just fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
good one..but tv remove should be more flexibleREAD MORE,4.0
Very fast warkingREAD MORE,5.0
Using for past 10 months. No issues till date. Delivery on time. Good packingREAD MORE,5.0
VERY WED LEDREAD MORE,1.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
super thank you flip cartREAD MORE,4.0
Super this priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice and worth product.....READ MORE,4.0
before time delivery thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Superb!.READ MORE,4.0
superb prductREAD MORE,5.0
All goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
very poor quality.READ MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product and good service from flipkart . Satisfied with this productREAD MORE,5.0
Ok th ha goodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
i have been given a damage TVREAD MORE,1.0
excellent workingawesome led with low costREAD MORE,4.0
"reason for not giving 5 star is just because after a few days of my purchase I got to know mi is coming with inbuilt playstore app and I don't have that product. if mi can please send any update for the older version mi 4a tv to install and get inbuilt playstore, then I will definitely give 5 star.READ MORE",4.0
AosomeREAD MORE,5.0
excellent workingawesome led with low costREAD MORE,4.0
"reason for not giving 5 star is just because after a few days of my purchase I got to know mi is coming with inbuilt playstore app and I don't have that product. if mi can please send any update for the older version mi 4a tv to install and get inbuilt playstore, then I will definitely give 5 star.READ MORE",4.0
AosomeREAD MORE,5.0
good producetREAD MORE,4.0
Nice..worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Very baidREAD MORE,1.0
value for money. best product and thanks to MI.READ MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Not badREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
average qualityREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Not good Remote connectivity bad HD not supported Automatiçally shutdownedREAD MORE,1.0
superb quality beautiful design value for money technologyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
value of money go for itREAD MORE,5.0
super picture quality 👌😍READ MORE,5.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
"value for money .., best productREAD MORE",5.0
super hd collettiREAD MORE,5.0
awesome purchase!!!!!!!!;;READ MORE,5.0
so goodREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is a nice tv in this price everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money....Its great to have such a HDTv in 12k.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome at this price.READ MORE,5.0
It is a nice tv in this price everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Worth for money....Its great to have such a HDTv in 12k.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome at this price.READ MORE,5.0
excellent product..very economically priced..great viewing experience..READ MORE,5.0
stunning display and sound but the installation process is not so fast.READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
I'm totally satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
Very good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice low price in smart tvREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,4.0
very nice Tv.... nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice and value for money product from Xiaomi.READ MORE,5.0
good product... value for money.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice tv quality is average in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
"Compare to regular TV, it's good worth.Thanks to flipkartREAD MORE",5.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,4.0
nice product at this price after 2 month use no issue but remote typing is slow other wise all good productREAD MORE,3.0
no need for installation i m going out of station for 1 monthREAD MORE,5.0
nice and smart tvREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
It doesn't have play store and I don't think it will get it play store update soon.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
very good. product in this cost ...and value for moneywaiting for some days for better  understanding.... writing review after 7daysREAD MORE,4.0
"Easy operating sys, good picture quality , for bettter sound add external sound kids , nice lookingREAD MORE",5.0
Nice products but do not playing star tvREAD MORE,2.0
Amazing Television for the PriceREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV in the price bracketREAD MORE,5.0
very nice but  courier services very badREAD MORE,3.0
Excellent for this priceREAD MORE,4.0
it's very niceREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good niceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent mi led tv for this price.  Thanks!READ MORE,4.0
Super working the best middle class family no problemsREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
awsome experience. casting with mobile and laptop is too good.READ MORE,5.0
Tv is nice but the installation process took longer time. It seems they don't have accessories or the people are not coming to install as of for free..READ MORE,4.0
Simply awesome and value for money !!Picture quality is awesome compare to price. Sound is superb. No issue in connectivity. The only thing i didn't like about TV is it takes some seconds to start and load the system. Otherwise everything is superfine. Go for it.READ MORE,4.0
At least date very good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
perfect tv for everythingREAD MORE,4.0
Better than SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
It's nice led for this amountREAD MORE,5.0
perfect tv for everythingREAD MORE,4.0
Better than SamsungREAD MORE,5.0
It's nice led for this amountREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
A great product at this price.READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
excellent value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Fantastic tcREAD MORE,5.0
best picture quality.... screen mirror not playing smoothly... otherwise in this price range value for money....READ MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best performanceREAD MORE,5.0
Install server man is very bad behaviour seriously I totally disappointed seemed FlipkartREAD MORE,1.0
superb tv. value for money. sound system is awesome.READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Price worthy.But till now not updated as it was told at the time of purchase.READ MORE,4.0
price-wise good product but its remote doesn't works properly. the tv follows the remote's signal too late. it also lags sometimes. it is a full hd tv but picture quality is not that good as it is told.READ MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good but goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
Happy with tvREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Definitely the budget beast. loved it.READ MORE,5.0
very nice product in this price HD channel looking very good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good product  value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I bought TV three months ago. TV is ok but sound is not good. And screen sharing is not good. Other than that TV is ok no problem at allREAD MORE,5.0
no voice commands.READ MORE,3.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Product is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product .....😍READ MORE,5.0
"TV good but after 6month,  connected dish on off automatically,  it's bad for viewersREAD MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
comparatively better smart tv in this price range.(13000)READ MORE,5.0
At this Price Range.. Android TV super!...READ MORE,5.0
Super product SattisfectionREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome result perfect pricehappy with productREAD MORE,5.0
Happy with this purchaseREAD MORE,5.0
very sedREAD MORE,1.0
GOOD PRODUCT.READ MORE,5.0
amazing Product at cheap price .. Thanks Flipkart for superfast deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"In one word,awesome.READ MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
best led under this priceREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
"excellent product at this price, I recommend everyone to buy this tvREAD MORE",5.0
good purchase..  I loved it..  thanks flipkartREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Best price best productREAD MORE,5.0
"Super,,excellent productsREAD MORE",4.0
Best Quality ProductREAD MORE,5.0
excellent product from Xiaomi manufacturers and seller of Flipkart.... really niceREAD MORE,5.0
good behaviour n good supportREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TvREAD MORE,5.0
TV is best in such prize..... Good picture quality...  Very fast delivery.....  I give 5 star but installation process is worst....  They don't even talk properly..... The engineer will not pick your phone.... I feel irritated after such installation serviceREAD MORE,4.0
Always great experience with flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
I am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
mi products bestREAD MORE,5.0
all are bestREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product .worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Sound quality is very low. Apart from that picture and connectivity is good.Mi should should work on sound quality of TVREAD MORE,2.0
superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Best Android tv in this price segment.READ MORE,5.0
"Bought on Oct 2018, because Mi promised to give Google play store support in 2019. Now we are here at May'2019 still no updates. That's very very disappointing.READ MORE",1.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product but don't have wall holder standREAD MORE,4.0
ok that priceREAD MORE,4.0
very nice and very wellREAD MORE,5.0
this product is awesome and use to your money in this device is very good pictures and soundsREAD MORE,4.0
so goodREAD MORE,5.0
no ear phoneREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
Very good delivery serviceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Best choice at cheap ratesREAD MORE,4.0
good product in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
very fine product it's osm tvREAD MORE,3.0
It's looking good. Quality niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good product mi LEDsREAD MORE,5.0
Average but as per price ots bestREAD MORE,3.0
in this.model we do not have auto switch to setup boxREAD MORE,4.0
it doesn't support the soundREAD MORE,3.0
very poor qualityREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
I love .very good quality.READ MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
"Purchased in Oct 2018, so far no issue's except for screen mirroring which gives disruptive video clarityREAD MORE",4.0
HDMI no  cable very badREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
"Purchased in Oct 2018, so far no issue's except for screen mirroring which gives disruptive video clarityREAD MORE",4.0
HDMI no  cable very badREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product. Go for it.READ MORE,5.0
mi always crack allREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome!READ MORE,4.0
Nice TV. Economic and Value for moneyJeeves installation guy very cordial and was on timeREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
best productREAD MORE,4.0
User WorthyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice OneREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, delivery in timeREAD MORE",5.0
Nice televisionREAD MORE,5.0
not  bedREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Ok okREAD MORE,3.0
very good product ....... thank you flipkart .......🙂🙂🙂READ MORE,5.0
Nice TV in this budget. it's on patchwall operating processor so you have to find and download app setup in your pc and using pendrive to install the same. rest the quality is good in this price range.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ledREAD MORE,4.0
Cool product at great price. Excellent delivery and thereafter installation follow up by Flipkart.👍🏻READ MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
It's  Good But app is not supportedREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product.READ MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
worthREAD MORE,5.0
super product and in time delivery.READ MORE,4.0
really goodREAD MORE,3.0
Great TV at this priceREAD MORE,4.0
best in class thank you flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
Great TV on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice delivery Flipkart....READ MORE,4.0
very nice experience quality 👌READ MORE,5.0
Nice LED TVREAD MORE,5.0
it's not much great as per the value it's kREAD MORE,3.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
resolution is not good...picture quality is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
good product worth of money good service by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
nice workREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Thanks to flip kartREAD MORE,5.0
best product ....READ MORE,4.0
just awesome value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I buy this product  but missing remotes  I am so disappointed  not use this product  so plzz refresh this product   fastREAD MORE,2.0
just awesome value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
I buy this product  but missing remotes  I am so disappointed  not use this product  so plzz refresh this product   fastREAD MORE,2.0
"nice product , picture quality is very good .READ MORE",3.0
Got Android update..  Excellent TV..!!!READ MORE,5.0
ok okREAD MORE,5.0
this product is very goodREAD MORE,4.0
osamREAD MORE,5.0
osm ledREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Using this TV from 1 week it's working well. I can say this is good tv.READ MORE,5.0
Awesome experience with flipkart...READ MORE,5.0
best in this price it's awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super tvREAD MORE,5.0
till 10 months I don't receive Android update they're giving worng information.READ MORE,2.0
"TV is good and also all functions are better then other tvs But remote control is very deficult.if u want browse,u r time is wested too muchREAD MORE",5.0
This is best mi led TV 32 inchesREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
Good for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good for giving moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"connectivity is the major issue in the tv, another is good.READ MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
the fitting person charges. there is no stand inside the pack. have to buy from the fitting person. costs another 1000 rupees.READ MORE,2.0
nice product 👌READ MORE,4.0
"Picture quality is very poor, there is many blurr and bubbles in the screen at all channels. I have always notice that In the lower portion of the screen there is a dark shed when I change any channel. Sound quality is also very bad. I think I have waste my money for buying this most worst product.READ MORE",3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
First thing to note is that it's a budget TV. So don't compare to Sony Samsung biggies. Seamless connectivity. Nice display. If you have unregulated supply buy a stabilizer otherwise this will eventually get damaged. On a tight budget this one's a kill.READ MORE,5.0
TV is good but bee energy rating is 2star but it was shown that it is of 3star.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productI am very happyREAD MORE,5.0
amazing smart tv in such low price. no need to think just get it.READ MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
"Not all phones connect with it only few phones. My Samsung Galaxy A5 did not connect with it. And also connects, it looks like streaming video to 2G Network.READ MORE",2.0
Nice prodect value for money👍READ MORE,4.0
Excellent Flipkart customer satisfactionGood quality TVREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is lowREAD MORE,1.0
Nice prodect value for money👍READ MORE,4.0
Excellent Flipkart customer satisfactionGood quality TVREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is lowREAD MORE,1.0
Best EverREAD MORE,4.0
Installation time they didnt tell properly and made me wait 2 days . But TV is good and using it from jan 2019 till now no problemREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
awesome picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
average product for good priceREAD MORE,3.0
good one but not android built so we can't install all the apps in this oneREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
good TV in this rateREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
Amazing Tv it’s been 8th months very much satisfied with everything .Worth buying itREAD MORE,5.0
V goodREAD MORE,5.0
the best TV.READ MORE,5.0
it's till know using good brand with experience of one year.... also with economic priceREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent TV in cheap rateREAD MORE,5.0
googREAD MORE,4.0
Wonderful TVREAD MORE,5.0
super low barjetREAD MORE,5.0
Good workingREAD MORE,5.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
The worst TV someone could ever get. If you are planning to buy this TV please do not. There is only one pro of the TV that it is cheap. Everything else about the TV is horrible.List of BAD THINGS ABOUT TV:1. It says it is a smart tv but there is no option to download any apps you have to side-load apps using your computer or laptop and a usb drive.2. NO INBUILT APPS- You only get YouTube and Hotstar preloaded in the TV. And the YouTube application is really slow. It lags many times and ...READ MORE,1.0
Almost one year after purchase I am writing this review. I was for faced any issues till now. Nice smart TV in budget. value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Great product. value for money.READ MORE,5.0
12500 buy it go for it surelyREAD MORE,5.0
super productREAD MORE,5.0
very good tv.must buy.only the sound quality is my concern.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good TV value for money.READ MORE,5.0
Useless product. Waste of money. Sound problem giving extra voice if u increase sound more than 45%. Technicians also confirmed this issue with the brands. Worst experience.READ MORE,2.0
awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
product quality is good and good working review after 3 monthsREAD MORE,5.0
nice. miREAD MORE,5.0
flipkart is cheater company don't  buy in this side.READ MORE,1.0
Average productREAD MORE,3.0
Best tv in these range very nice resolution vibrant coloursgreat soundREAD MORE,5.0
kindly I want installation TV 3 JuneREAD MORE,5.0
v goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very good TV but it does not work properly with WiFi connectionREAD MORE,5.0
now im full satisfactionREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome product , Paisa Vasool bhaiREAD MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome MI 📺 TV but all quality is averageREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery very Fast but Demo and install process not propar timeREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not Good.. You need to watch in front of the screen. Side Viewing angle is showing like old laptop screen.. Vu TV is 100000 times better don't think to buy this stupid Mi TV. Better go for Vu or others..READ MORE,2.0
Awesome MI 📺 TV but all quality is averageREAD MORE,5.0
Delivery very Fast but Demo and install process not propar timeREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not Good.. You need to watch in front of the screen. Side Viewing angle is showing like old laptop screen.. Vu TV is 100000 times better don't think to buy this stupid Mi TV. Better go for Vu or others..READ MORE,2.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Money for value product one problem home theatre input noREAD MORE,3.0
exalentREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money product...but some audio formats are not playing...READ MORE,4.0
Nice AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
google play update thanksREAD MORE,5.0
boss of all TV...superb in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
"best product in such a few amount, i like this Smart TV.READ MORE",5.0
very good service and product.READ MORE,4.0
Metal very low quality mREAD MORE,5.0
Product is goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product thanks miREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money TVREAD MORE,4.0
Low price nice productREAD MORE,5.0
damn good item at this price rate..READ MORE,5.0
gud TV value for every pennyREAD MORE,5.0
Pisa vasoool productREAD MORE,5.0
BEST TV AT THIS PRICE POINT.... OVERALL GOOD PURCHASE...THANK YOU FLIPKART AND MI .......I❤️ MIREAD MORE,4.0
It's Good value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
excellent tv from Mi on a budget. 1 year and working fine. recommended.READ MORE,5.0
best at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Super quality tvREAD MORE,5.0
best prodactREAD MORE,5.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
It added extra beauty to my guest roomREAD MORE,3.0
good niceREAD MORE,4.0
osm good👍😇READ MORE,5.0
tanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Good but some thing is missingREAD MORE,5.0
"the color combination is not upto the mark, also looks very basic. if you watch the HD channels its fine,  otherwise its showing doted ( if you see closely ).READ MORE",2.0
"Nice product, must buy.READ MORE",5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
amazing tv and picture quality is nice ...READ MORE,4.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
average productREAD MORE,3.0
amazing tv and picture quality is nice ...READ MORE,4.0
very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
average productREAD MORE,3.0
superb quality tvREAD MORE,5.0
Product is ok condition ...READ MORE,5.0
sound is very horrible. Average product.READ MORE,3.0
Very Much Satisfied 👍👍👌👌😊READ MORE,5.0
For first few months this TV seems to be great deal but within a year it display is not working and it is not happening just with me all my friends who bought this product are facing the same issue .i know its price is too low but same goes with the quality so don't waste money on this as the service provided by MI service centre is worst than any other company . Really guys don't waste your money on MI TV .READ MORE,1.0
best led tvREAD MORE,5.0
Best ProductREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,2.0
4a pro best don't buy mi tv4a video quality not goodREAD MORE,5.0
The performance of LED is not good..During the wifi connection TV app. hanged and slow response of remote controller..READ MORE,3.0
Simply osmm. Tv...one of the best tv.. In this price.READ MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall Nice product. USB placement are not in good position.READ MORE,1.0
gud product tnx flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
gud productREAD MORE,4.0
averageREAD MORE,5.0
it's okk.. sound quality is awesome.. 😊better television under least priceREAD MORE,4.0
"very good product at this range and services are also good , but some AVI format movie couldn't play and even 720pix also so worries about that , other than that it's al goodREAD MORE",4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best delivery and goods.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
voice is very low...but music of background has good sound...when a character speaks it is low and inaudibleREAD MORE,5.0
best delivery and goods.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
voice is very low...but music of background has good sound...when a character speaks it is low and inaudibleREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful tv. I ordered it to surprise my husband. This got delivered quick and installation guy was really helpful. The picture quality and sound quality are great. Definitely a good option to considerREAD MORE,5.0
"i got it for 12499, it took time for installation, so have patients, otherwise TV is awesomeREAD MORE",5.0
Awesome product Good quality picture quality is goodREAD MORE,5.0
good prodect best qulityREAD MORE,4.0
good...READ MORE,4.0
wonderful.READ MORE,5.0
nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
best tv in this rangeREAD MORE,5.0
wowREAD MORE,5.0
Good TVREAD MORE,4.0
value of money.. good productREAD MORE,4.0
I bought this 10days ago. As of now it's nice really.. Especially watching movie by hotstar and Hd  connection is so nice. gives better clearity.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
full money usedREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Cheif and best productsREAD MORE,5.0
great ever smart TV. really awsomeREAD MORE,5.0
"I am giving one star rating due to after sale service like update. MI has promised updates for this TV, till now it's not available.READ MORE",5.0
Awesome product from mi in this range...real value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
this is a awesome tv from MI from two months of usage its doing a great job...i like it so much no flaws nothingREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
Value for money ... good productREAD MORE,4.0
gud one to buyREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good televisionREAD MORE,5.0
This not smart worst TV. Not working any app and no android update.  I don't buy this product.  Flipcart selling outdated productsREAD MORE,1.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Gifted to my sister at her wedding.  She is happy and her in-laws too.  What else one can ask for.READ MORE,5.0
bad product not working properly and lacking problem tooREAD MORE,1.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
It's worth of the prize. good product.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
SatisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
It's worth of the prize. good product.READ MORE,5.0
its awesome product of miREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing product in very low amount. I am so glad to purchase this product.READ MORE,5.0
Not the product which was shown on the website. Oldwe product was shipped. Flipkart doesn't have hold over its sellers. They just fool you with diplomatic words so that the product can't be distinguished with the promised one.READ MORE,1.0
Nice Product from MIREAD MORE,4.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
"As of now, working properly I am enjoying while watching TVREAD MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice TvREAD MORE,5.0
"I have purchased MI Tv on 26 Dec 2018, Today(May 15, 2019) it's stopped working, I am getting Blue blank screen, Now I realised that I should not buy low-cost TV's.READ MORE",2.0
value for money n good productREAD MORE,5.0
best in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Beautiful display,very Nice TV...READ MORE",5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome tv everREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
delay in delivery and installation. product is good.READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
better than otherREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Happy customersREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
It is nice product.Thanks Flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
good and smartREAD MORE,5.0
worth every penny.READ MORE,4.0
Very good i am using for past 1 yearREAD MORE,4.0
ok in this priceREAD MORE,3.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
best product in a low priceREAD MORE,4.0
"Ok, but Bluetooth connectivity absentREAD MORE",5.0
Gud TV for budget segment. now prices also decrease. Best Budget TV without smart features.Recommend to buy.READ MORE,5.0
OK GOODREAD MORE,4.0
not connecting on all phone brands except redmiREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is too good as expecting overall dhamaka pack at that priceREAD MORE,5.0
super smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
seriously very bad tv just 3 month av patho is not working please guysz dont buy any mi brands and sarvice center is not responcing any repair works dont buyREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super smart TVREAD MORE,5.0
seriously very bad tv just 3 month av patho is not working please guysz dont buy any mi brands and sarvice center is not responcing any repair works dont buyREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
GOOdREAD MORE,5.0
"nice one product,  it is awesome anyone can take this without any confusion.READ MORE",5.0
Superior build quality and powerful specification.READ MORE,5.0
best TV and best service by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
MindblowingU guys may go for itThis is the best led tv in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money 💰 smart 📺 with an extraordinary featuresREAD MORE,5.0
I loved itREAD MORE,5.0
value for money superbREAD MORE,5.0
really a good product for that price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very nice product within reasonable price and reachable to poor and low income groupREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
all goodREAD MORE,5.0
"nice product, value for money productREAD MORE",5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
it is the best but it is not connect with my phone via USBREAD MORE,5.0
Very beautiful led I am so happyREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Super design at this costREAD MORE,5.0
it's a good TV in this price range.worth value for money.READ MORE,5.0
"Using it for 4months, so far so good...READ MORE",4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent.READ MORE,4.0
Sd card is not connected this tvREAD MORE,2.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice product but USB port not workREAD MORE,5.0
Good at this cost comparatively others. Nice features.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Sam betterREAD MORE,3.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
super very niceREAD MORE,5.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
super very niceREAD MORE,5.0
worth for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is Superb when we fix HD set up box video quality’s are wonderful Sound this is the main thing in this tv = sound is very goodNormal set up box give normal quality Finally I say.          VALLUE.   FOR.   MONEYREAD MORE,5.0
perfect ledREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Go for it !!READ MORE,5.0
As per Expectation Work awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
superb.ledmust picturessurprised...READ MORE,5.0
super quality.....good soundREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
as expected value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
value for money .READ MORE,4.0
good...READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
awsom productREAD MORE,5.0
as per price it's okaybut when it's comes to picture and sound quality Sony is best.I have both TV it's nothing in comparison to other valuable brand's.READ MORE,1.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,3.0
Good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
VGA Cable Attached.... Next ModelREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent ProductREAD MORE,5.0
nice product this price but see Thomson led alsoREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
"A must buy with a limited budget, using it from past 6 months. Just amazing experienceREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
wow very comfortable & pictures quality is too good..READ MORE,4.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
Great purchaseREAD MORE,4.0
Very good condition TVREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Osm tv with budget.. ❤️❤️📺📺READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
Great 👍READ MORE,5.0
worth of my moneyREAD MORE,4.0
value of money productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very sharp in a reachable budgetREAD MORE,5.0
so goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice colyetyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
it's amazingREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Bought the product  5 months ago and is not working properly now.. Not a worth product.service is also horrible ..Not working! No response  for complains also..READ MORE,2.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
I'm happy with this.....READ MORE,5.0
Good product fro. xaomi but not supporting all video format. limited features.READ MORE,3.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product in same prices.READ MORE,1.0
Good super product I loved it.. value for money..READ MORE,5.0
",super Ilove thatREAD MORE",5.0
nice TVREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
great quality productREAD MORE,4.0
good picture qualityaverage but good soundoverall budget TVI am successful about this TVREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
great quality productREAD MORE,4.0
good picture qualityaverage but good soundoverall budget TVI am successful about this TVREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome experienceREAD MORE,5.0
the product is amazing worth for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very nice product and good performance.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
TV is good.. But installing service is very bad..READ MORE,5.0
Waste of money  bad mi led tvREAD MORE,1.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,5.0
nice picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Only one minus is soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ProductREAD MORE,5.0
perfect choice.....READ MORE,4.0
Only one minus is soundREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent ProductREAD MORE,5.0
perfect choice.....READ MORE,4.0
nice advanced productREAD MORE,5.0
worth for priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice product in this range infact best product but first time installing apps is lil bit difficultREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"Maximum benefit from Mi smart tv. Value for money. Sound outburst when full volume, otherwise good in the normal range,READ MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
amzingREAD MORE,4.0
my friend is very happy😄😃😁 with this Tv.!! value for money🤑💸💵💴💶💰💳..!!READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Working absolutely fine after 7 months.. A really good buy.. Value for money.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PURCHASEREAD MORE,5.0
Excelent productREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent TV in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Super lictune quality and sound remote and others connectivity is bestREAD MORE,5.0
less price good productREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent TV in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Super lictune quality and sound remote and others connectivity is bestREAD MORE,5.0
less price good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
superb tvREAD MORE,5.0
Best productREAD MORE,5.0
absolutely niceREAD MORE,5.0
Normal QualityREAD MORE,3.0
I like this product in this priseREAD MORE,4.0
wowREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very cool tvREAD MORE,5.0
Using from two months it’s just Awesome 👏 specially pictures quality & speakers are very goodREAD MORE,4.0
"Everything is good but the only problem is that there is no playstore in it, So it's difficult to search or find common apps. But it's definitely value for money.READ MORE",4.0
Very good productREAD MORE,3.0
Amazing smart TV at this price.. just go for it.READ MORE,5.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
superb ledREAD MORE,5.0
best led TV in thise price and good sound connectivity etc.after four months I have giving thise review.READ MORE,4.0
OsmREAD MORE,5.0
superb ledREAD MORE,5.0
best led TV in thise price and good sound connectivity etc.after four months I have giving thise review.READ MORE,4.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent choice in 32in category.READ MORE,5.0
Its value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product@ this price...READ MORE,5.0
great one at this price range from an awesome team!!READ MORE,4.0
Everything fine installation only taken one month. That was major drawback.READ MORE,4.0
not good as SamsungREAD MORE,1.0
nice product in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Product is good in this price range.Demo person was so rude..he was trying that we should buy HDML etc from him..not given good adviseREAD MORE,3.0
good for the price rangeREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
best led HD quality in free dish alsoREAD MORE,4.0
My experience is so good using your products Thank for providing this productREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best value for money nice productREAD MORE,4.0
ExllentREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
picture quality will be a big disappointment if you already have a branded led TV as it will not be comparable. sound is good. there is no play store so it is difficult to install apps.READ MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
mi tv is best tv ever...... happy to this prodectREAD MORE,5.0
awsm tvvvREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Is it ok...mi .. satisfied to all smart tv condition...Compare to all new brand on filpkartREAD MORE,3.0
best product for  this price range.READ MORE,5.0
supperREAD MORE,5.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
good product must buy......READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good tv for lowest priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Very good tv for lowest priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
fast delivery by flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
As usual MI rocksREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
best TV ...READ MORE,4.0
"Totally Amazing, I loved its FHD Display and Patchwall.READ MORE",5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Not satisfied.picture brightness poor.READ MORE,3.0
Very nice product at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
no bluetooth optionsREAD MORE,1.0
Working goodREAD MORE,5.0
simple and worth....READ MORE,5.0
picture quality not up to mark as pixles are very much visible while any scene changes. sometimes the pixels of old scene or image remains on the screen while the story moves to next image while watching serial or any addvertisement. rest things are okREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,3.0
its awesome. great dealREAD MORE,5.0
picture quality not up to mark as pixles are very much visible while any scene changes. sometimes the pixels of old scene or image remains on the screen while the story moves to next image while watching serial or any addvertisement. rest things are okREAD MORE,3.0
very goodREAD MORE,3.0
its awesome. great dealREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,3.0
superbREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good product.READ MORE,5.0
Superb and safe and fast delivery.READ MORE,5.0
so awesome but some is left in TV no Bluetooth connectivity etc..READ MORE,5.0
worth this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
mi is bestREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Great product at this price... Due to OS loading it's taking more time to switch ON compare other LED TV.READ MORE,4.0
am reviewing it after 6 months its good but i should have wait bcoz its does not have play store and just launch mi pro which has all features. with voice search and many more. at last i like the product..READ MORE,5.0
good so so as far price is concernedREAD MORE,5.0
very good tv in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
worth for money..best in category..READ MORE,4.0
Installation was not done on time.READ MORE,3.0
Sammma productREAD MORE,5.0
its really awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
saving of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
finally it is impossible to buy in this price the picture quality is very goodREAD MORE,5.0
very nice installation nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
it's okREAD MORE,4.0
Great all-rounder TVREAD MORE,5.0
Really Awesome experienceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
Value for money product👌👌READ MORE,5.0
WonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
i like this productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value of MoneyREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
"Value for money. I am satisfied with the video and sound quality.I am giving 4 star because play store not available, so you can not install all apps and no updates given while as per flipkart they will provide update for cromecast and android. I am still waiting for the update.no update provided yet , false commitment from MI and FlipkartREAD MORE",4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
VerygoodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product.. more than my expectationREAD MORE,5.0
Excellent product thanks to flipcartREAD MORE,5.0
Best qualityREAD MORE,5.0
super quality in allREAD MORE,5.0
It awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
Over nice product.READ MORE,4.0
The best smart at this rateREAD MORE,5.0
Good n exilant product in affordable priceREAD MORE,5.0
i am happy with this product.READ MORE,4.0
Really it's a wonderful product. Worth for money.READ MORE,3.0
GoooodREAD MORE,5.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
just amazingREAD MORE,5.0
very good product in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
not bedREAD MORE,4.0
awsm picture and sound quality... fully satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
it's good in this badget nd what do you want.. ?READ MORE,4.0
Got product in good condition excellent .READ MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,5.0
They promised to provide Android update but even after 2 years they are not giving it.READ MORE,1.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Great experienceREAD MORE,5.0
budget tv..but picture quality ia very poor.READ MORE,3.0
Good oneREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
Simply goodREAD MORE,5.0
thankyou miREAD MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,5.0
As mentioned in your AD never been found Oreo update in purchased tv. This is misleading advertising.READ MORE,3.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
service technician explained in detail. Product is really worth its price and sound system is excellent. Worth buying the productREAD MORE,5.0
have to improve on connectivityREAD MORE,5.0
good product value for my moneyREAD MORE,4.0
nice product in this prizeREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
TV i s too good but I still didnt receive Android update as mentioned on the features pageREAD MORE,5.0
best TV in this price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Good clarity and soundREAD MORE,5.0
AverageREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,3.0
tv was very good in this price segment...owesum sound..good picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
it's good.  fast and safe deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
very good product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
it's good.  fast and safe deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
very good product value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"Its the best in the sale, still had no problem with it yet and works good, loaded with awsome featuresREAD MORE",5.0
good nice productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice TV.READ MORE,5.0
GudREAD MORE,4.0
Nicr productREAD MORE,4.0
good led TV in awesome range must buy this product instead of brand TV.READ MORE,5.0
superb products I'm so happyREAD MORE,5.0
Colours are not so good and vibrant. Picture quality is only ok ok. And screen mirroring is only available to Xiaomi brand smart phones not for the other brands. Its frustrating some time.READ MORE,2.0
Good quality for this price.READ MORE,5.0
We liked this product....!!!!READ MORE,5.0
Good product on this price..  I really liked this tv.. Sound is also goodREAD MORE,3.0
it's amazing......READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good product for the moneyREAD MORE,5.0
I like this product very much.READ MORE,5.0
Very nice product I am very very happyREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
superbREAD MORE,5.0
beautiful tvREAD MORE,5.0
My tv is not updated...please help me..Patch wall to android.READ MORE,3.0
"Awesome TV, Nice experience!!READ MORE",5.0
Bakwaas quality pictureand duribalty bestREAD MORE,2.0
"value for money,  overall good productREAD MORE",5.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
castscreen I'd not working properlyREAD MORE,3.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
worth getting 👍READ MORE,5.0
good tv.for this costREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not upto the mark as it was brandingREAD MORE,2.0
"Overall good, value-for-money, deal.READ MORE",5.0
They promised to deliver update to Oreo 8.1 with in built chrome cast and playstore by jan2019 which is yet not delivered. don't trust Xiaomi for the updates.READ MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Don't purchase instead purchase fully Android TV with play store Mi TV making people fool by telling Android update as presently Sony TV is scrapped from patch wall and can't work if install from other sources as I purchased Sony subscription it becomes useless and I am worried other channels also may be scrapped which are my premium membershipREAD MORE,3.0
everything is goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Don't purchase instead purchase fully Android TV with play store Mi TV making people fool by telling Android update as presently Sony TV is scrapped from patch wall and can't work if install from other sources as I purchased Sony subscription it becomes useless and I am worried other channels also may be scrapped which are my premium membershipREAD MORE,3.0
everything is goodREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Tv has been delivered on time. But installation is not yet complete. I have been waiting for 1 week.READ MORE,4.0
good paisa wasullREAD MORE,5.0
Good LED with android tvREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,5.0
great productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV in this price range and its complete android and its change angle of viewing TVREAD MORE,5.0
"Contrast not that good, mirroring isn't smooth enoughREAD MORE",3.0
mn I led this prize best qualityREAD MORE,4.0
Nice...READ MORE,4.0
super TV love miREAD MORE,5.0
beautiful product in that much of costREAD MORE,5.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice & bestREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice & bestREAD MORE,5.0
vvvvvvvvvv best ledREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Good in its rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Fabulous MiREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. Except 4k everything  you have with you.  Some apps might not be available.all features are awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Remote and sattingREAD MORE,4.0
it's too good for all kinds of peopleREAD MORE,5.0
as of now it's going goodREAD MORE,5.0
nice product good qualityREAD MORE,5.0
TV is really good and value of money but I'm unhappy with the installation . very bad experienceREAD MORE,4.0
it's 2star tvyou can play YouTube video which have high qualitylags in appREAD MORE,3.0
good product very good service.READ MORE,4.0
One of the best TV at this price pointREAD MORE,4.0
it's worst tv to buyREAD MORE,1.0
Nice Tv in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Product is very good  but MI-A1 mobile not supporting for mirroring optionREAD MORE,4.0
"Good TV at this price segment,good sound quality and pictures qualityREAD MORE",4.0
Nice Tv in this priceREAD MORE,4.0
Product is very good  but MI-A1 mobile not supporting for mirroring optionREAD MORE,4.0
"Good TV at this price segment,good sound quality and pictures qualityREAD MORE",4.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
product quality not up to mark...READ MORE,2.0
Most apps are not supported. Please go for 4 PRO versionREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
superß qualityREAD MORE,5.0
super but stuck sometimesREAD MORE,5.0
too much perfect product for lower budget  buyerREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product MI and thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
lajawab value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Perfect for my requirement.READ MORE,4.0
everything is good but fittings are not workingREAD MORE,2.0
Best LED Tv Cheap Price AwesomeREAD MORE,4.0
It's awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
awesome I used last 3months there are no defect.good to buy this product from flipkart.Thank you🥰READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome I used last 3months there are no defect.good to buy this product from flipkart.Thank you🥰READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money productREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice pictureREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing TV. Just loved it. using from last 6 months.. just incredibleREAD MORE,5.0
Great LED TVREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good product at this price. You won't be regret. Go for this produce.READ MORE,5.0
good👍👍👍👍READ MORE,5.0
best at this price. go for it 👍READ MORE,5.0
"this product very very excellent.. picture,sound, etc very nice delivery and installation excellent....READ MORE",5.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,5.0
not badREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
Great televisionREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Very HappyREAD MORE,5.0
Just love it...value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,4.0
thank you so muchREAD MORE,5.0
super tvREAD MORE,4.0
picture quality is poor. sound is good.i only matters with pictures quality and it is blurry visionREAD MORE,1.0
good choiceREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Ok kind ofREAD MORE,3.0
Valuable product at best priceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
Ok kind ofREAD MORE,3.0
Valuable product at best priceREAD MORE,5.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product and nice companyREAD MORE,5.0
amazingREAD MORE,5.0
super.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super quality. excellent for rate .READ MORE,5.0
Best TV in the Budget. Connected to Wifi without issues and plays HD pictures flawlessly. By the way it does not come with Wall mount so the installation person charges 400 RS for Wall mount so its better to buy wall mount while ordering the TV.READ MORE,5.0
Very good product.READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"Picture & sound quality appears to good. However, software of this product product needs to be upgraded by providing google services. Otherwise it's okREAD MORE",4.0
no installation on time. filpkart not giving on time installation. very disappointed.READ MORE,1.0
nice led. worthy priceREAD MORE,3.0
Awesome product in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
its good product🥰🥰🥰 love it... when connect usb the sound is ubnormalREAD MORE,4.0
Worth for money.but TV on time very slow.otherwise it's really awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Value for money. Working nice.READ MORE,5.0
happy with ledREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Nice prodcutREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
Superv tv.... Value of moneyREAD MORE,4.0
This should be more Convenient to Connect with Wi-Fi and With Mobile Mirror Cast... Not Supportive with Apple iPhonesREAD MORE,2.0
Switches and responsiveness is not goodREAD MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good tv at this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Sound quality super no need any home theatreREAD MORE,5.0
Product is too good but installation done very late.READ MORE,3.0
Very nice productREAD MORE,5.0
superb product from Mi and smartly delivered by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome smart led tvREAD MORE,5.0
super tv.but installed members install time uncomfortable.not response personREAD MORE,5.0
Nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very Nice productREAD MORE,4.0
Nt bdREAD MORE,3.0
Cast screen doesn't work properly otherwise nice productREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
"after 7 months the display is not working.i raised a service request for the repair, no one turned up and wasted my entire day. If MI executives cannot come on time or on the said day, they should atleast inform, they wouldn't inform and wastes our timeREAD MORE",1.0
ok ok tv...  good for price.. worth buying... little hanging due to less RAM.. other than that everything okREAD MORE,3.0
Picture quality is not good for sports . Frames moves slow on screen and seems like video games played on a slow computer.READ MORE,1.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
very good led TV this budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Great tv. But price should reduce.READ MORE,5.0
very nice 💟 👌...READ MORE,5.0
very nice product .... and.. value for money.... thanks....to mi. team..READ MORE,5.0
Great tv. But price should reduce.READ MORE,5.0
very nice 💟 👌...READ MORE,5.0
very nice product .... and.. value for money.... thanks....to mi. team..READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Bast productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome tv...value for money...choose between 32/43..READ MORE,5.0
Basic tvREAD MORE,4.0
Worth of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Everything is goodREAD MORE,5.0
don't buy this...its working only 5month after lot of prob I faced it finaly waste I throw it in dustbinREAD MORE,1.0
good but low soundREAD MORE,5.0
value for money I appreciate installation process🙏👍READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product!READ MORE,5.0
Picture quality is not accordingly.READ MORE,3.0
Best price and gud productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product and real value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Best price and gud productREAD MORE,5.0
awesome product and real value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome tv... Very good service...READ MORE,5.0
must buyREAD MORE,5.0
wellREAD MORE,5.0
awsmREAD MORE,5.0
Received 1week back...  But installation not done...  Very bad experience...  WasteREAD MORE,1.0
Good one.READ MORE,5.0
Good product on lowest priceREAD MORE,5.0
best at given priceREAD MORE,5.0
connectivity very slowREAD MORE,3.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice Product 😉READ MORE,5.0
it is good.READ MORE,3.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Do not purchase this one. You  can purchase new model mi 4c in same range with new facility.  They will lie to you if you will ask which is latest.  Go for 4c model .READ MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good and very smart featureREAD MORE,5.0
good quality... great product..READ MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
bad productREAD MORE,1.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
too goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"osm product..no problem..all connectivity..MI is osm.i m so impressed..now i m going to buy next smart tv (MI 55"" 4K HDR) for my movie hall roomREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good quality.n nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
"osm product..no problem..all connectivity..MI is osm.i m so impressed..now i m going to buy next smart tv (MI 55"" 4K HDR) for my movie hall roomREAD MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good quality.n nice prodectREAD MORE,5.0
nice tv in this valueREAD MORE,5.0
Its OKREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
not Good experience Display was having a Minor scratchesREAD MORE,3.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
super India big on TV miREAD MORE,5.0
you can't connect your home theatre with this mi tv led smart box good for nothingREAD MORE,1.0
A must buy for people seeking TV in low budget.READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very good quality. value for money. fast connecting WiFi. installation very easy.everything ok. thanks u Flupcart.READ MORE,5.0
good product and niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
cheap and bestREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
super good money low priceREAD MORE,5.0
"poor sound quality, a real chinese productREAD MORE",2.0
good prductREAD MORE,4.0
nice product in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
good running.screen mirror function is in it which  is not in pro version.dont take android because not working screen mirror direct without data connection.take smart tv only which is 4a version not 4c pro.READ MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,4.0
"-> Resolution is not good.-> even it is full hd tv the smart apps like youtube, zee5, hotstar etc resolution goes upto 720 only.-> Screen is not black its gray.READ MORE",1.0
Really Good productREAD MORE,5.0
Good product I m using from 3-4 month. I satisfiedREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Super quilatyREAD MORE,5.0
Quality product no problem at all.READ MORE,5.0
wast product not good sound .dont wast ur moneyREAD MORE,3.0
best in marketREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
very badREAD MORE,1.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good quality and on time delivery. and proper installed .. excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Nice ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Far better comparison to other branded brandREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
"Writing the review after one year usage. Frankly speaking, I do not have any issues with this TV. Picture and sound quality is just fine. Not as good as the high priced TV's nor as bad as the Micromax TV's. You actually get more than what you pay for. Side loading apps lets use them without any issues. There are few tips and tricks which has to be used to play Prime videos but that is true for any other android TV.READ MORE",4.0
Awesome!!READ MORE,5.0
very nice productsREAD MORE,5.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good quality according to priceREAD MORE,3.0
nice product goodREAD MORE,4.0
no Oreo update yetREAD MORE,3.0
This is good & very best TV in this price range.I have bought 2 of them.READ MORE,3.0
good quality this priceREAD MORE,5.0
very good tvREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
not update old tv to new with chromecastno playstoreREAD MORE,1.0
Very good in this price.. 10/10READ MORE,4.0
thanks flip kart good product miREAD MORE,5.0
It's best smart TV in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Flipkart and Mi has fooled customers with false promise of Android upgrade on this TV. So far no news for any updates. Shame on you.READ MORE,1.0
ComplaintThe  LCD display  of TV  is so many times showing  half disappears . We have to restart it. So please send the t mechanic to do do the needfulREAD MORE,2.0
nice tv with low cost...READ MORE,4.0
Very goodREAD MORE,4.0
In that  Price this a best smart tvREAD MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
excellent product and installation process also excellentREAD MORE,5.0
tv was good but not connecting  of Samsung on 5 pro KotreshREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
best tvREAD MORE,4.0
nice and very well behavourREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent TV with suitable use of Money.READ MORE,5.0
greatREAD MORE,3.0
Worth for money.READ MORE,5.0
fantasticREAD MORE,4.0
sound is little less.READ MORE,4.0
ossum productREAD MORE,5.0
It's very good Mi LED Smart 43 inch tv ...READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TVREAD MORE,4.0
Excellent performance at this price. Best to everyone.READ MORE,4.0
Super 👌READ MORE,3.0
Good experienceREAD MORE,4.0
Picture quality is not up to mark. rest all absolutely well.READ MORE,5.0
No official you tube app.Fair TV .READ MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
really amazing TV in the budget of 10k to 15k..READ MORE,5.0
"No words to Say about this Product, It is one of D Best Smart 4A TV at this price a middle class would go to buy for it.superrb performanceREAD MORE",5.0
2star quality. but delivery is goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's goodREAD MORE,4.0
"No words to Say about this Product, It is one of D Best Smart 4A TV at this price a middle class would go to buy for it.superrb performanceREAD MORE",5.0
2star quality. but delivery is goodREAD MORE,4.0
It's goodREAD MORE,4.0
Nice valuable of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
At this price Quality of product is good..READ MORE,3.0
"they promised us that they will provide a new android oreo update in early 2019. I purchased this in end of December , and suddenly after 2 months they launched a new TV with android update with bluetooth connectivity and voice command in the SAME PRICE ! and now , from flipcart add as well, they remove the note of ""With android update !"" ..! other tech specifications ,they told it's full HD, but in setting /Device info , they wrote 720 resolution ! If you wanna search anything from Yout...READ MORE",3.0
picture quality sound connectivity are good. google play store is absent. difficult to install apps via usb always shows error message that app not installed.if you want an extended warranty  buy it right away from flipkart else the installation team will torture you to buy it at a higher price.my opinion is buy mi tv 4a pro instead of this which have google play store and is only rs500 costlier than this model.READ MORE,4.0
not bad... pictures quility is not good a expectedREAD MORE,4.0
"good quality,worth itREAD MORE",5.0
"Patch wall is awesome, nice picture & sound qualityREAD MORE",5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,4.0
Awesome product for all peopleREAD MORE,5.0
Very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Tv is very good but Installation service is very poor.READ MORE,4.0
super rateREAD MORE,5.0
much betterREAD MORE,4.0
Wifi Connectivity is not as per expectation. Some time lost connection automatically but over all OK.READ MORE,4.0
sprREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice TVREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
SMART AND GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Product is good but delivery is delaidREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good all functionREAD MORE,4.0
Good productREAD MORE,3.0
Great product. I am a great fan of Mi and have been using Mi phones since its inception in India. Now I wanted to try their other products. Mi TV is really value for money product. Highly recommended........READ MORE,5.0
Great Product such a value for money product i strongly recommend to buyREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
"Overall the TV is value for money. But the only problem is with remote. Push buttons are very hard to operate. From yesterday, the on/off button not working.READ MORE",4.0
Excellent...very useful.....smart features really great.....READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
usb port not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Good Product from MI in this price range but only one issue is there that is the connectivity problem.otherwise the TV is superb.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
usb port not workingREAD MORE,1.0
Good Product from MI in this price range but only one issue is there that is the connectivity problem.otherwise the TV is superb.READ MORE,4.0
very good halp fullREAD MORE,5.0
nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
demo not a lotREAD MORE,5.0
this is amazingREAD MORE,5.0
this product is really good and worthREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
just awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
"The picture quality and sound is ok as per the price paid.FK delivery and installation was smooth as well. But not after few months only , my TV is having issues, frequent fluctuation is happening and I am worried if it's life is over. Also, I am looking for help from Flipkart as I have warranty but not sure how to claim itREAD MORE",5.0
Amazing quality for its price!READ MORE,5.0
TV screen is good but it has the worst audio. You can't even understand regular dialogues.READ MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
got it for 20k value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product. Must buy 👍READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
value for money and of decent quality for the price you pay. have been working without any issues since 4months. overall happy with the performance.READ MORE,4.0
nice tvREAD MORE,4.0
osmmREAD MORE,5.0
it's good productREAD MORE,3.0
excellent product....in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks fo this less price vgood product.READ MORE,3.0
Good...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Thanks fo this less price vgood product.READ MORE,3.0
Good...READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"It's just an above average TV. The sound on inbuilt speakers is pathetic, and the mi sound bar I bought is also an average product. It's just a poor man's hd TV!READ MORE",3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
good service nice tv soud was very nice  but home theater not containing  thanqREAD MORE,5.0
too goodREAD MORE,5.0
great to value for money i recommend 👍👌 to everyone who's budget is low and dreams big thanks redmi for all thisREAD MORE,5.0
very happy so far.READ MORE,5.0
IT'S GOODREAD MORE,3.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
good pictureREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome productREAD MORE,4.0
fitingREAD MORE,5.0
Velue moneyREAD MORE,5.0
good priceREAD MORE,3.0
in present market this is the best oneREAD MORE,5.0
"It is very good looking n light weight, n display is very good, the cost of the product is lower for getting this....READ MORE",5.0
Good luck with everythingREAD MORE,5.0
"satisfied with the item, value for money, worth purchasing...READ MORE",5.0
I'm happyREAD MORE,5.0
Lot  of Sound  problemREAD MORE,2.0
good product. value for money.READ MORE,4.0
Tcl is best compared to this only addition is smartREAD MORE,4.0
satisfyREAD MORE,2.0
"Too good Tv , working very nice, no any issue, good pic quality,READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
Best TV in priceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
smart productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
good.READ MORE,5.0
it's stuck while volume rise or down pREAD MORE,3.0
On this budget very good productREAD MORE,3.0
okay as per priceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
On this budget very good productREAD MORE,3.0
okay as per priceREAD MORE,4.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
Fabulous TV with great picture and sound quality.READ MORE,5.0
TV is good. Picture quality and color can be improved.READ MORE,4.0
Just Amazing!!! Value For MoneyREAD MORE,5.0
ok okREAD MORE,5.0
Best quality with best featuresPaisa Vasul !!!!READ MORE,5.0
Great product in good priceREAD MORE,5.0
Very high PerformanceREAD MORE,5.0
"its really nice....hd print spup...i welcome this new advance model ..like usage of net,youtube,hotstar like that...i really enjoy that..READ MORE",4.0
Loved it😍READ MORE,5.0
its really good.. worth of money. satisfiedREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Got a broken LED Display. Bad way to manage a TV.READ MORE,2.0
very good . Till date no problem.READ MORE,4.0
DSLR camera photo not izi openREAD MORE,3.0
NYC productREAD MORE,5.0
very nice tvREAD MORE,5.0
simple superb but picture quality is dullREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Very nice lookingREAD MORE,5.0
Mind blowingREAD MORE,5.0
exellent sound & Picture quality.... but bluetooth and other connectivity function is very critical....READ MORE,4.0
superREAD MORE,3.0
Nice tv for lowest priceREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
had a great experience with itREAD MORE,5.0
"Nice product, but warranty card is missing. i need your help.READ MORE",5.0
display is very poorREAD MORE,1.0
"Sounds quality is not so great, also patchwall is very bad, I'm using firestick, so it doesn't matter much. Don't buy if can spend but more, go for Android TV or wait for one plus tvREAD MORE",2.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
MI TV 4A doesn't have Bluetooth connectivity and in built chrome cast support.. But Mi TV 4A pro have both of these features.. Price of both devices is approximately same.READ MORE,1.0
awsum....READ MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
100% setisfied. I got all features which I want.value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
v gud productREAD MORE,4.0
This is best TV i have ever bought such best TV. and another thing flipcart service is best.READ MORE,5.0
very good product by MI thanks FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
Very Good....READ MORE,4.0
picture quality just okREAD MORE,3.0
fantastic..READ MORE,5.0
Mi is the best👍READ MORE,5.0
Mi TV is looking good but let's see how it works.  But installation service provider had not installed TV on time.READ MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
good product.READ MORE,4.0
All good. Nothing to do with android patchwall.READ MORE,5.0
Flipkart has no good settings which copartner  mi TV for  installation. I was kept waiting for installation for more than 15 days by Flipkart but even though they didn't installation my TV.  Finally I have to contact from mi TV for installation...TV is best in this price range...READ MORE,4.0
I am using this TV from last 1 year and I am happy with this product.READ MORE,4.0
V good mi tvREAD MORE,4.0
"Sound quality good. Picture quality ok, connectivity nice..... VALUE for money. Totaly awesome....READ MORE",4.0
superb qualityREAD MORE,5.0
NicREAD MORE,5.0
name is enoughREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
very good product to buy. need to buy wall stand separately. dont buy wall stand from installer they  sell Rs500 but really stand rate around rs250 onlyREAD MORE,4.0
AmazingREAD MORE,5.0
Play store not supportREAD MORE,1.0
VERY GOODREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
I am happyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product by MI and delivered by flipkart.READ MORE,5.0
super product good priceREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality at this price More of LCD tv though sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
good product on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Good quality at this price More of LCD tv though sound is goodREAD MORE,4.0
good product on this priceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GreatREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome product..using from last 1 n half year no any issues..need some upgradation..READ MORE,4.0
good but not as premium brandsREAD MORE,5.0
good oneREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Overall very good product..!READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice MI LEDREAD MORE,5.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,4.0
take too much time to start..but worth buying @ 19000READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
best productREAD MORE,5.0
value for money...READ MORE,5.0
it's really awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
it's a awesome TV I love this picture quality and allREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
"packing delivery installation overall awesome""The price range will be reasonable for the current market LED TV segment ""READ MORE",5.0
"Good price, on time delivery.READ MORE",5.0
"Nice Tv no need to adjust colour contrast or any other settings,adjusts settings as per room light. Also one universal remote.READ MORE",5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
I have used from 5-6 month  that's really nice product if anyone buy this product m suggest  that's really affordable  nd good productREAD MORE,5.0
No 1 Quality Tv 😎😍😘😘😘😘😘😘😘READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
Nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
exlent productREAD MORE,5.0
great item in less money thanks mi and flipkartREAD MORE,3.0
value for money but doesn't support few smartphones including my Samsung j5 primeREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Best TV in this price range. Better than Mi 4A smart TV.READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Colors become blur and hazy after 3 months...READ MORE,3.0
"Beat Smart TV in the market got at 18,700 onlyREAD MORE",5.0
Everything was good about this product.READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
gudREAD MORE,5.0
very happy with the product as compared to other in this price. ....picture quality is good ..sound quality is normal but all 32 have same configuration of sound so suggest to go with miREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
super tvREAD MORE,5.0
I got this for 11499nyc tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice product but display better than moreREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product made by MI. Flipkart delivered on time and safely.READ MORE,5.0
"everything is good yog will take time to learn the patchwall on mitv, the io panel is difficult to reach specially if you ho for fixed wall mount.READ MORE",4.0
visibility from side angles are not good rest everything  is very good . very good product in this budget.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product made by MI. Flipkart delivered on time and safely.READ MORE,5.0
"everything is good yog will take time to learn the patchwall on mitv, the io panel is difficult to reach specially if you ho for fixed wall mount.READ MORE",4.0
visibility from side angles are not good rest everything  is very good . very good product in this budget.READ MORE,5.0
I bought this tv in November 2018 still it's working good . the picture and sound quality is very good. ther s no problem for the tv till now. waiting for the play store updateREAD MORE,5.0
fabulousREAD MORE,4.0
value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
Nice Product....READ MORE,5.0
Quality and service are very good... we are happy to purchase this product.READ MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
hangingREAD MORE,1.0
good product in price .and very fast delivery flipkart.READ MORE,4.0
"So far so good. Casting is good using iPhone and Air Screen app. Can install apk using USB. However screen casting using default Windows in-built cast has a lot of latency issues. Got it in an offer for 20,999 in Dec 18.READ MORE",5.0
GudREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
I had taken mar q 40inch smart TV ...I used for 2months& stopped working....getting refund was horrible....now I took this tv with so much expections but this picture quality is poorREAD MORE,2.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
"good, delivered in time, value for moneyREAD MORE",5.0
no android update available till date. Flipkart is lying...READ MORE,4.0
chip and best ....I like it...READ MORE,5.0
super TV.READ MORE,4.0
Just Simply AwsomeREAD MORE,5.0
good service good TV but my warranty card missingREAD MORE,5.0
it is a very good product.READ MORE,4.0
best TV in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
Super product with very fast installation.READ MORE,5.0
no sound quality very very slow slow Android mi TVREAD MORE,2.0
good product...READ MORE,4.0
T.V is Good in such a low price.READ MORE,4.0
Nice mi led in budgetREAD MORE,4.0
Very Nice..READ MORE,4.0
Not in fully android.athorvice best product.Thanks Flipkart.   worth for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
instalation time was taken too long...READ MORE,3.0
"Excellent Quality , Nice productREAD MORE",5.0
SuperrREAD MORE,4.0
best TV I ever had mi is one of the best TVREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
its picture quality  not good very bad iam not satisfied  remote vaste please  give me other remotREAD MORE,3.0
Very good tvREAD MORE,4.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
TV super nice sounds good to tank you so muchREAD MORE,5.0
Wonderful product from miREAD MORE,5.0
best in segmentREAD MORE,5.0
happy with productREAD MORE,5.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Wonderful product, worth to buyREAD MORE",5.0
very very goodREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
"For last 6 month I am using it, it's a good product but picture and sound quality is not so goodREAD MORE",3.0
good productREAD MORE,4.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product & Good priceREAD MORE,5.0
Cast is very badREAD MORE,1.0
SuperREAD MORE,5.0
Good Product & Good priceREAD MORE,5.0
Cast is very badREAD MORE,1.0
great performance till dateREAD MORE,5.0
beautiful product with best price. picture quality excellent. sound excellent. connectivity excellent. but no play store.READ MORE,5.0
"Boycott Chinese products. Worst quality tv guys. Pay a bit more and go for LG, Samsung Sony. Picture and Sound qualities are so pathetic. Waste of money. I trashed the tv unit on a tar road while protesting against China.READ MORE",1.0
satisfied . excellent.READ MORE,5.0
Bluetooth is not in ledREAD MORE,2.0
not badREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,3.0
cheapest and excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Best priceREAD MORE,3.0
wireless connection is bad (strucking)READ MORE,2.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
BEST QUALITYREAD MORE,5.0
Great product at great priceREAD MORE,5.0
It's goodREAD MORE,5.0
ThanksREAD MORE,5.0
Nice dealREAD MORE,5.0
no other tv as like this . u can not  buy such a tv in this price.READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,4.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
Good quality at this best price...READ MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
gud quality by mi and installation was also quick on the same of deliveryREAD MORE,5.0
wonderfulREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
Amazing picture quality and sound is superbREAD MORE,5.0
just kREAD MORE,3.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Osam led TV sound quality is very good and you very fastREAD MORE,4.0
Super TVREAD MORE,5.0
good product go for it.READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
awsm quality picherREAD MORE,5.0
"Jeeves ,Mohan had installed my led TV i felt very happy with there approach they very friendly with usREAD MORE",5.0
product is awesome only sound is not good as expectedREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money....sound quality is good effect...READ MORE,4.0
"Jeeves ,Mohan had installed my led TV i felt very happy with there approach they very friendly with usREAD MORE",5.0
product is awesome only sound is not good as expectedREAD MORE,5.0
Value of money....sound quality is good effect...READ MORE,4.0
Colour issue..  Very fade color..  Adjust option is there...  But no use..  After adjusting the colour..  Comes to default Colour after changing the channel.READ MORE,2.0
Product is good but the service from mi is worstREAD MORE,3.0
BestREAD MORE,5.0
"nice tv,worth for money,sound also goodREAD MORE",5.0
excellent...READ MORE,5.0
its niceREAD MORE,4.0
Its osm plz purchase itREAD MORE,5.0
NicREAD MORE,3.0
superb product by FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
YouTube not supportedREAD MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Need to improve sound, memory RAM & Rom, It is good if there is google playstore app. Overall it's fine.READ MORE",3.0
It's very good deal in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
value for money. go for it without a doubt.READ MORE,5.0
nice product.READ MORE,3.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
OKREAD MORE,4.0
Good tvREAD MORE,5.0
It is the best product in this priceREAD MORE,5.0
sound problem no clarityREAD MORE,3.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Fantastic TV in this price segment..loved it...but still missing proper Android update with Google apps and play store, which was supposed to get in January 2019..READ MORE",5.0
very bad sound quality........ volume is fluctuating automatically...........READ MORE,2.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"Fantastic TV in this price segment..loved it...but still missing proper Android update with Google apps and play store, which was supposed to get in January 2019..READ MORE",5.0
very bad sound quality........ volume is fluctuating automatically...........READ MORE,2.0
full satisfied in this rangeREAD MORE,4.0
good performance in cheapest price...I loving itREAD MORE,5.0
Hang masterREAD MORE,3.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
average productREAD MORE,3.0
"A Really good smart tv for this price, I am really happy.Installation was done on the same day...READ MORE",5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
good 👍👍READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
quality is superREAD MORE,4.0
broken displayREAD MORE,1.0
good product in low price with good features...READ MORE,4.0
AswameREAD MORE,4.0
nice product 👌👌👌👍READ MORE,5.0
thankyou flipkartREAD MORE,5.0
Wonder fullREAD MORE,4.0
Overall very good product in budget.READ MORE,4.0
Nice productREAD MORE,5.0
Good! but picture quality not so good.READ MORE,4.0
gajab product nice pretty goodREAD MORE,5.0
same day install excellent serviceREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
Good service and delivery was good.  Good productREAD MORE,5.0
good quality productREAD MORE,5.0
lovelyREAD MORE,5.0
FlipKart cheated people by false declaration that this t v will get Oreo update despite of silence shown by me. FlipKart should either talk to mi or replace the TV with Android Oreo updated TV because people purchased the TV with the credibility of FlipKart.READ MORE,1.0
Nice productREAD MORE,3.0
as well as good for suit moneyREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
tv is two good  this price and pictures quality is best and smart remote need to Bluetooth this TV........READ MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
little bit disappointedREAD MORE,3.0
nice... productREAD MORE,4.0
very nice product. value for money.READ MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
very googREAD MORE,4.0
Very bad as a smart TV it just is namesake as almost all apps can't be downloaded. Even netflix isn't available. No Google play store is a big minus.READ MORE,1.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,5.0
LovelyREAD MORE,5.0
average productREAD MORE,3.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Video clarity is not good as expected. Sound quality is best.READ MORE,3.0
totally worth itREAD MORE,5.0
MI Smart LED TV is GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Tv picture quality is good but at the time of purchase flipkart guaranteed for Google play still we are waiting for the same.READ MORE,2.0
very good and fast service..READ MORE,5.0
verry good productREAD MORE,4.0
Nice excellentREAD MORE,5.0
Low cost good product...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
VERY GOODS TVREAD MORE,5.0
Best QualityREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
miscast is poor....all other things are excellent.....READ MORE,4.0
worth money 13000....no double thought..READ MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
miscast is poor....all other things are excellent.....READ MORE,4.0
worth money 13000....no double thought..READ MORE,5.0
very damn goodREAD MORE,5.0
excitedREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Best TV...READ MORE,5.0
osmREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
this product is valuable for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
"good value for money, but cannot substitute ur primary LED. good for waiting area, bed rooms, etc but not for drawing room.READ MORE",3.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
nice product thanks to FlipkartREAD MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Good QualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice..tvREAD MORE,5.0
best tv in this budget.only problem is it doesn't has Bluetooth but can be solved using adaptorsREAD MORE,4.0
value for 💰READ MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
nice LED TVREAD MORE,5.0
nice productREAD MORE,4.0
best and reginableREAD MORE,5.0
awesome itemREAD MORE,5.0
Really superb productREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
good.READ MORE,4.0
grt product in nice priceREAD MORE,5.0
Over all super...READ MORE,4.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very Good productGood picture qualityREAD MORE,5.0
simply goodREAD MORE,5.0
good quality productREAD MORE,3.0
good qualityREAD MORE,4.0
worst worstREAD MORE,1.0
Excellent productREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
11000 for this TV is bestREAD MORE,5.0
fantasticREAD MORE,5.0
awsm.. grt productREAD MORE,5.0
Good productREAD MORE,5.0
vry GoodREAD MORE,4.0
only one word i want to say ..best for money having great features..READ MORE,5.0
Good performances mi led tv 4aREAD MORE,5.0
NiceREAD MORE,5.0
Very GoodREAD MORE,5.0
"awsm product,..READ MORE",4.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
perfect I love itREAD MORE,4.0
Good product  good picture quality and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
bestREAD MORE,5.0
perfect I love itREAD MORE,4.0
Good product  good picture quality and sound qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very good product of this range. I am useed more than one year.READ MORE,5.0
Very Good ProductREAD MORE,5.0
Not so fab but yeah it's good enough 🤞READ MORE,4.0
NICEREAD MORE,5.0
So nice led.but connectivity is slow.READ MORE,4.0
very good productREAD MORE,5.0
nice amazingREAD MORE,5.0
GOOD PRODUCTEDREAD MORE,5.0
Very good TV for this price!READ MORE,5.0
very goodREAD MORE,4.0
SuperbREAD MORE,5.0
it's good productREAD MORE,4.0
Good ProductREAD MORE,4.0
Very much satisfied with flipkart delivery service but its installation and demo service completely disappoint me. I get the delivery in just 1 day and the installation takes 4 days. I wish flipkart will improve this. And the product is very good at this price range.READ MORE,5.0
Good product must buy it I love this tvREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TvREAD MORE,5.0
Jio TV not working on this MI TV also wifi-screen not working properly.READ MORE,2.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
Very good productREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,4.0
very niceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Very good mla TVREAD MORE,5.0
Nice connectivity good display sound is excellent no need to speakerall function to android- youtube etc.READ MORE,4.0
good productREAD MORE,5.0
best Tv in this price rangeREAD MORE,4.0
very nice product i m happy wit it.READ MORE,4.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,3.0
incresaae the picture qualityREAD MORE,3.0
class tv at this price...READ MORE,5.0
After two month I can say the TV is giving Good service till date.READ MORE,5.0
Lovely tv & best other tvREAD MORE,5.0
LovelyREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product. Picture quality is very clear. Low budget good product. But not connect direct in mobile.READ MORE,5.0
thank you FlipkartREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,3.0
Nice in this costREAD MORE,4.0
good product nice workingREAD MORE,5.0
wast money and bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
very nice the tv is.READ MORE,5.0
Nice product to MI .All specification are good.READ MORE,4.0
excellentREAD MORE,5.0
GoodREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
value for moneyREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,5.0
Very nice. I like this tvREAD MORE,4.0
"Awesome purchase and good service provided by flipkart. picture quality, sound and connectvity are suparb. somewhere we missed android on it othrwise it is terffic product.READ MORE",5.0
okREAD MORE,4.0
AwesomeREAD MORE,5.0
Very nyc product really enjoying....READ MORE,5.0
nice picture quality and fracturesREAD MORE,5.0
OkREAD MORE,4.0
It's not good as other companiesREAD MORE,2.0
"Mirror option required WIFI, In old version its easy to connect phone with TV.READ MORE",3.0
minimum price best ledREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
"Mirror option required WIFI, In old version its easy to connect phone with TV.READ MORE",3.0
minimum price best ledREAD MORE,5.0
very niceREAD MORE,5.0
superREAD MORE,5.0
Value of moneyREAD MORE,5.0
best product and Good installation engineering personREAD MORE,5.0
"bad quality, remote not working properly even it hangs sometimesREAD MORE",1.0
Awesome delivery and installation.Almost 7 months before i bought this TV .No any problem. Connectivity is good. Awesome user interface.READ MORE,5.0
worth of money...READ MORE,5.0
Nice qualityREAD MORE,5.0
very good product... I happy with this...READ MORE,5.0
okay goodREAD MORE,4.0
Poor soundREAD MORE,1.0
okREAD MORE,5.0
Nice TV and connectivity but not clear picture quality if mi would replace my TV for 4a it would be betterREAD MORE,4.0
Nice product.Delivery is good vai Flipkart.But connectivity is not good as per acceptance.Otherwise as a only tv is good.READ MORE,4.0
awesome mi tvREAD MORE,5.0
nice TV thankyou flipkart fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,3.0
nice TV thankyou flipkart fast deliveryREAD MORE,4.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
good tvREAD MORE,3.0
TV is very good band efficient.READ MORE,5.0
Jst dont think twice..  In this budget ths tv is a great choice..READ MORE,5.0
Nice quality productREAD MORE,5.0
wowREAD MORE,5.0
Great DealREAD MORE,3.0
nooo one can beet this ...READ MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
Low range superb TvREAD MORE,5.0
VERY NICE PRODUCTSREAD MORE,5.0
Awesome.READ MORE,5.0
"picture quality can be improve, but sir ji what u want at this price (Rs. 11249).READ MORE",5.0
very awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
niceREAD MORE,4.0
At this price quality is goodREAD MORE,3.0
"it was god for the price paid. Unfortunately,  the display has gone blank after 10 months. The agent has checked and told that it will be replaced and after receiving the new one from the company . We cannot watch TV till some more days. We are worried if the replaced display got any issue after 5 months,  will there be a warrenty for that for one more year from the date of replacement?READ MORE",1.0
GOOD PRODUCTREAD MORE,5.0
video quality is very poor nd sound is also not so good .READ MORE,2.0
Excellent TV within price rangeREAD MORE,5.0
Hai this is nagoor... MI tv is low cost and good quality..READ MORE,5.0
just love it❤️READ MORE,5.0
picture quality is not goodIf  am playing 1080 p qulity video have Pixelation problem if you wanna see Full HD blueray movies its not good its only cheap for price very bad qualityREAD MORE,2.0
Smart TV in this price range is really awesome dealREAD MORE,5.0
nice installation of tv...great productREAD MORE,5.0
ExcellentREAD MORE,5.0
Great product and its very good and fast installationREAD MORE,4.0
at this price range it is ok with latest featuresREAD MORE,4.0
very good TV on this priceREAD MORE,4.0
GoodREAD MORE,4.0
Don't buy on flikartREAD MORE,1.0
"TV quality is very good, but installation from service provider is very worst.READ MORE",4.0
good oneREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
chip and west qualityREAD MORE,5.0
nice quality and soundREAD MORE,5.0
goodREAD MORE,4.0
undar budget..vry nice product...its too goodREAD MORE,4.0
perfect...READ MORE,4.0
Good one ..in low budget..READ MORE,5.0
Worst OS. Worst WiFi adapter. Pre-installed apps do not work properly. Do not buy this product.READ MORE,1.0
FantasticREAD MORE,5.0
awesomeREAD MORE,5.0
best smart TV for this price.READ MORE,5.0
No Android TV Only Android bace Not  install other appREAD MORE,1.0
Best product in very cheap priceREAD MORE,5.0
nice product..tq miREAD MORE,5.0
Superb product with this priceREAD MORE,5.0
awesome with this PriceREAD MORE,5.0
